===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator:
Operator: It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. PJ Guido, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
PJ Guido: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS first quarter 2025 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; Brian Dykes, our CFO; and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2024 Form 10-K and other reports we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion refers to adjusted results.
Operator: And now, I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome: Thank you, PJ, and good morning. In the face of a very dynamic environment, I'm pleased with our first quarter performance. To begin, I want to thank all UPSers for delivering outstanding service to our customers. I also want to recognize the excellent progress our teams have made in executing the strategies we announced on our last earnings call. There is a lot going on at UPS and in the world. So, let's move to our results. In the first quarter, our consolidated revenue was $21.5 billion, a decrease of 0.7% versus last year and in line with our expectations. Consolidated operating profit was $1.8 billion, an increase of 0.9% compared to last year. Consolidated operating margin was 8.2%, up 20 basis points versus last year, and diluted earnings per share were $1.49, up 4.2% from last year. Consolidated operating profit, operating margin, and diluted earnings per share were slightly ahead of our expectations. Of note, our U.S. domestic segment increased operating profit by $164 million year-over-year and expanded operating margin by 110 basis points. While our revenue and volume in the first quarter was in line with our expectations, results by month were not. Starting with the U.S., while we expected negative ADV growth given our Amazon glide-down plan, January's ADV decline was less than expected, marked by positive average daily volume or ADV growth in certain B2B, SMB, and healthcare customers. Then, as we moved into February and March, uncertainty surrounding global trade policies and other matters led to a drop in consumer confidence and muted demand from some enterprise and SMB customers. As a result, the decline in U.S. ADV for the months of February and March was higher than we expected. Looking outside the U.S., demand for U.S. inbound services surged as customers pulled forward inventory purchases ahead of expected tariff changes. In response, we leveraged the flexibility of our global portfolio with the power of our next-gen brokerage technology, which helped our customers avoid border disruptions and kept their supply chains moving. As a result, in the International segment, our U.S. outbound volume increased 9.5% in the first quarter. In January, we announced three strategic actions to drive our business to a more profitable, agile, and differentiated UPS. Let me provide a high-level update on our progress. Let's start with our plan to accelerate the glide down of Amazon's volume. You'll recall that we reached agreement with Amazon to reduce their volume in our network by more than 50% by June of 2026. Note that the volume we are transitioning out is Amazon's fulfillment center outbound volume. This volume is not profitable for us, nor a healthy fit for our network. The Amazon volume we plan to keep is profitable and it is healthy volume. In other words, volume where we can add value like returns and seller fulfilled outbound volume. In the first quarter, Amazon's ADV decline ran slightly ahead of plan, but is expected to be on plan by the end of the first half of this year. The Amazon glide-down plans have been integrated into our network of the future initiatives. We are executing the largest network reconfiguration in our history. We will optimize the capacity of our network with expected volume levels, as well as increased productivity through additional automation. With this reconfiguration, we will also lessen our dependency on labor, reduce the capital requirements needed to run the network, and will drive structural operating margin and return on invested capital improvements. While this may be the largest network reconfiguration in our history, we've got experience that gives us confidence that we will be able to complete our plans with very little customer disruption and at the right cost to serve. Over the last couple of years, we've demonstrated our ability to manage hours and labor in line with changes in volume, all while staying within the confines of our labor agreement. In 2024, we successfully closed 11 buildings, and the learnings from those closings became the blueprint for our network reconfiguration approach. We are moving very quickly. In this first phase, we will complete 164 operational closures, including 73 building closures by the end of June. And there's more to come. While our building footprint is changing, our pickup and delivery footprint is not. We remain committed to providing industry-leading reliability to all customers across the country. We'll just do it with fewer buildings. For our larger customers, we are working with them to update their operating plan. And for our SMBs, in the areas where we're closing buildings, UPS will still be accessible and convenient for customer drop-offs and pickups due to our network of 5,300 UPS stores and 29,000 Drop Boxes and UPS Access Point. 90% of the U.S. population lives within 5 miles of these locations, and about two-thirds of them are open on Sundays for added convenience. In a moment, Brian will provide more details on our cost-out and network reconfiguration progress. Our second strategic action was the in-sourcing of SurePost final mile delivery. We smoothly absorbed that volume into our network and adjusted operating plans to address the additional stops associated with the final mile. Earlier this month, we replaced the SurePost product with Ground Saver. This is a new and differentiated domestic economy service that balances speed and reliability for our customers while allowing significant operational flexibility for UPS. The third strategic action we announced was our Efficiency Reimagined initiative, which is designed to deliver $1 billion in savings by improving many of the ways we do business, including the elimination of manual tasks and enhancing our purchasing processes. We've made good progress here. And as planned, we expect to accelerate the benefits beginning in the second quarter. Moving to our strategic growth updates. We are focused on improving revenue quality and growing in the best parts of the market like Healthcare, International, B2Bs, and SMBs. Last week, we entered into an agreement to acquire Andlauer Healthcare Group, a move that will bolster our healthcare capabilities in Canada by adding 39 dedicated healthcare facilities across the country, along with cold chain packaging and specialized transportation solutions. The acquisition of Andlauer supports our goal of becoming the number one complex healthcare logistics provider in the world. We expect this acquisition to close in the second half of 2025. Touching on SMBs. In the first quarter, SMBs, including platforms, made up 31.2% of our total U.S. volume. And looking at DAP, our Digital Access Program, in the first quarter, global DAP revenue grew by 24% year-over-year. Finally, during the quarter, we reintroduced UPS Ground with freight pricing, which provides exceptional value for shipments weighing more than 150 pounds. This positions us to be the only small package carrier that offers parcel-like pricing for less-than-truckload shipment, which is a true differentiator. Let's turn to a discussion about tariffs and our approach to managing through what is turning out to be a very complex and ever-changing topic. From an exposure perspective, our U.S. import volume is roughly 400,000 pieces per day, which, from a volume perspective, is less than 2% of our total global ADV. From a revenue perspective, last year revenue on our China to U.S. trade lanes represented 11% of our total international revenue, and revenue from other trade lanes to the U.S. represented roughly 17% of our total international revenue. Our China to U.S. trade lanes are our most profitable trade lanes. In the U.S., we've talked with our top 100 customers to understand how their business is being impacted, both directly and indirectly by changes in trade policy. These customers have told us that they are exploring various options to address the tariff, from absorbing the cost to pushing them into retail prices to asking suppliers to help defray the expense. At this point, it remains an open question as to what path they will choose and what the potential impact could be on consumer demand and our business. For the rest of the world, through the middle of April, we have interviewed nearly 45,000 international and freight forwarding customers to ascertain their shipping plans. For small package shippers, over 95% of those customers have told us that they expect to maintain their current business models, while the rest are considering several options, including trade shifts, transportation mode shifts, or exiting the business. Most of these customers are also telling us that they are letting inventory levels sell-off, which will lead to lower shipping activity, at least for now. Freight forwarding customers are telling us that, where they can, they are looking to move from air freight to ocean freight. From an internal exposure perspective, we've looked at our purchasing and capital plans to estimate any potential tariff-related cost increases that may come our way. Roughly $2.7 billion of our annual direct purchases are sourced outside of the U.S., with little exposure to China. From a service perspective, we are focused on making it easier for our customers to do business. Our next-gen brokerage capabilities makes it easier for our customers to reclassify goods under Harmonized Tariff Schedule Codes and clear customs easily. Our new Global Checkout Product makes it known what customers will pay for duties, taxes, and fees. Using artificial intelligence, Global Checkout enables our customers to display to their customers a guaranteed landed cost, covering all duties, taxes, and fees during online checkout. This eliminates surprise import visa delivery and provides a much better customer experience. Global Checkout is available in 43 origin countries, and UPS is the only global carrier that offers a guaranteed landed cost that's integrated into shipping and billing technology. Finally, for customers who need it, UPS provides bonded warehousing and foreign trade zone-enabled solutions. Moving to our outlook, given the uncertainty in the market, there is a wide range of possible outcomes. We continue to model different scenarios, but these are just scenarios. The world hasn't been faced with such enormous potential impacts to trade in more than 100 years. So, the only thing we're certain of is we don't know which, if any of our scenarios will play out. But by modeling different scenarios, we'll be able to adjust to rapid shifts in the business. Regarding our expectations for the full year, should market and economic conditions stabilize to be more in line with the assumptions we used to build our 2025 plan, we would be confident in the full year outlook we provided in January. Given today's level of uncertainty, however, we are not providing any updates to our consolidated full year outlook at this time. We think instead, it's prudent to focus on what we can control and continue to execute against our strategic and financial goals. Today, we're providing second quarter guidance based on April results and our expectations for the balance of the quarter. Once we are through the second quarter, we will hopefully have more clarity about tariffs and trade and the implications for demand dynamics, and we'll provide an update at that point. In the face of uncertainty, there are some knows. We are confident in our position as a trusted leader in global logistics, and with the agility of our integrated network, our broad reach, our portfolio of services, and our proven trade expertise, we are well-positioned to enable our customers to navigate a changing trade environment. Further, the strategic actions we launched in January to reconfigure our network and reduce costs across the business cannot be timelier. The environment may be uncertain, but with our actions, we will emerge as an even stronger, more nimble UPS. So, with that, thank you for listening. And now, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Dykes: Thank you, Carol, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll cover three areas. Starting with our first quarter results including cash and shareowner returns, then I'll provide more detail on our cost-out and network reconfiguration progress as we reduce the volume we deliver for Amazon. Lastly, I'll touch on tariffs and trade policy changes and comment on our outlook for 2025. Starting with our consolidated performance. In the first quarter, we generated $21.5 billion in revenue, a decline of 0.7% compared to the first quarter of last year. Consolidated operating profit was $1.8 billion, an increase of 0.9% versus the first quarter of 2024, and consolidated operating margin was 8.2%, an increase of 20 basis points compared to the first quarter of last year. Diluted earnings per share was $1.49, up 4.2% from the first quarter of 2024. Now moving to our segment performance. As Carol mentioned, while volume and revenue performance in the quarter were in line with our expectations, our monthly performance was not. In U.S. Domestic, following a strong January relative to our expectations, uncertainty in the market began impacting consumer behavior. Demand shifted down in February, falling further than our expectations and normal shipping patterns and remained at that level at March. For the quarter, total U.S. ADV was down 3.5%, ground average daily volume decreased 2.5% year-over-year, and total air average daily volume was down 9.6%. Excluding the volume decline from Amazon, total air ADV grew 6.2%, driven by demand from healthcare and high-tech customers. Within ground, our new economy product called Ground Saver, which replaced SurePost, had an ADV decline of 8.4%, primarily due to pricing actions we took to grow yields on e-commerce volume. This is the first ADV decline we've seen in this product in five quarters as we have leaned into revenue quality. For the quarter, B2B average daily volume was up 1.5% compared to last year. Growth was driven by returns, which increased 8.8% year-over-year. We also saw ADV strength from healthcare and high-tech customers. B2C average daily volume decreased 7% year-over-year, driven by our managed decline in volume from Amazon, our focus on revenue quality, and some demand softness. In terms of customer mix, we saw strong ADV growth from SMB customers of 4%. In the first quarter, SMBs made up 31.2% of total U.S. volume. This is the highest SMB concentration we've seen in 10 years, and it is driving meaningful change in overall volume and revenue quality. Moving to revenue. For the first quarter, U.S. Domestic generated revenue of $14.5 billion, up 1.4% compared to last year, driven by increases in air cargo. In the first quarter, revenue per piece increased 4.5% year-over-year, which was the strongest revenue per piece growth rate we've seen in eight quarters, and it partially offset declines in volume. Breaking down the components of the 4.5% revenue per piece improvement, the combination of base rates and package characteristics increased the revenue per piece growth rate by 240 basis points. The net impact of customer mix and product mix increased the revenue per piece growth rate by 170 basis points. Lastly, fuel drove a 40 basis point increase in the revenue per piece growth rate. Turning to cost. Total expense increased 0.2%, including an increase in air cargo. We continued to drive efficiency in the quarter as we reduced purchase transportation costs from insourcing 100% of Ground Saver volume for final mile delivery, partially offsetting the increase in delivery costs, and we lowered small package block hours within our air network in response to the changing volume levels. These cost reductions were partially offset by expenses related to challenging weather. In the first quarter, cost per piece increased 3.7%. The U.S. Domestic segment delivered $1 billion in operating profit, a 19.4% increase compared to the first quarter of 2024. Operating margin was 7%, a year-over-year increase of 110 basis points. Moving to our International segment. We leveraged the agility of our integrated global network to navigate this period of uncertainty and grew International average daily volume for the second consecutive quarter. Total international ADV increased 7.1%, with all regions growing average daily volume versus last year. International domestic average daily volume increased 4.8% compared to last year, led by Canada. On the export side, average daily volume increased 9.3% year-over-year. Asia and Europe delivered double-digit export growth throughout the quarter, and at a country level, 15 of our top 20 export countries grew export ADV. In the first quarter, International revenue was $4.4 billion, up 2.7% from last year, as we expected. Revenue per piece declined year-over-year due to a stronger U.S. dollar and lower demand-related surcharges. Operating profit in the International segment was $654 million, down 4.1% year-over-year due to a mix shift to more economy services in Europe, lower demand-related surcharges, and investments we are making to expand weekend services in Europe. International operating margin in the first quarter was 15%. Moving to Supply Chain Solutions. In the first quarter, revenue was $2.7 billion. Revenue decreased $471 million, driven by a reduction of $563 million in revenue from Coyote due to our divestiture of this business in 2024. Within Supply Chain Solutions, Air and Ocean Forwarding revenue was flat to last year. Air freight revenue was slightly lower year-over-year due to lower volume, which was more than offset by higher market rates in Ocean. Core logistics grew revenue by 5.1%, and UPS Digital, including ROE and Happy Returns, grew revenue 32.5% year-over-year. In the first quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated operating profit of $98 million. Operating margin was 3.6%, a decline of 320 basis points compared to last year, primarily driven by cost pressure in our Mail Innovations business. This is a postal injection product, and our contract with USPS expired at the end of 2024. The new rates from the USPS are causing short-term cost pressure, which we expect to address as we make adjustments to that business. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $222 million of interest expense, our other pension income was $37 million, which was higher than we anticipated due to updated expected return on asset assumptions, and our effective tax rate for the first quarter was approximately 22.5%. Turning to cash and shareowner returns. In the first quarter, we generated $2.3 billion in cash from operations. Free cash flow for the period was $1.5 billion. Also, in the first quarter, UPS paid $1.3 billion in dividends to shareowners and we repurchased $1 billion of our shares, completing our share repurchase target for the year. Now, let me provide an update on our cost-out and network reconfiguration efforts. As we've discussed, we are reducing the amount of volume we deliver for Amazon by more than 50% by June of 2026. Associated with this volume reduction, we are undertaking the largest network reconfiguration in our history. This effort has been combined with our Network of the Future initiative, as both will help drive us to a more efficient network. The first phase of our network reconfiguration includes 164 operational closures, including 73 building closures by the end of June of this year, and there's more to come. These actions will enable us to expand our U.S. Domestic operating margin and increase profitability. Our reconfiguration plan is comprehensive and includes everything from closing buildings, reducing positions, and cutting support costs through Efficiency Reimagined. To help you track along with our progress, we've grouped associated costs into three buckets. First is variable cost, which captures operational hours and flexes down quickly with volumes. Second is semi-variable cost, which is represented by operational positions and will also be adjusted to match volume levels. And third is fixed cost, which includes closing buildings and reducing expense from support functions, both of which have specific completion dates assigned. Our network reconfiguration and Efficiency Reimagined program is aligned with our anticipated Amazon volume reduction in 2025 and is expected to remove $3.5 billion in expense this year. Splitting the savings between our three cost buckets, approximately 35% of our cost reduction will come from variable cost, about 35% will come from semi-variable, and about 30% will come from savings and fixed costs. Now, let me walk you through some of the details and how progress accelerates through the year, starting with the pace of Amazon's volume decline. In the first quarter, Amazon ADV was down 16% year-over-year, which was more than we originally planned. Second quarter Amazon ADV is also anticipated to be down 16%, which is less than we originally planned. And looking at the first and second quarters together, our total expected Amazon decline for the first half of 2025 is on track. Then in the back half of this year, the ADV decline is expected to be approximately 30% in each of the third and fourth quarters. Looking at variable costs, this year associated with the Amazon volume decline, we plan to reduce total operational hours by approximately 25 million hours. Our reduction in hours was on track through the first quarter. Moving to semi-variable costs, our operational reduction target for 2025 is around 20,000 positions. Position changes are not only connected to the buildings we are closing, but will also be made across the entire U.S. network. Our planned reductions are in line with the total Amazon volume decline, and our semi-variable cost-out efforts were on track through the first quarter. In our fixed cost bucket, we expect to close 73 buildings by the end of June. About two-thirds of the buildings we are closing are in the Eastern part of the country, with the remainder in the West. As an engineering-driven company, we've developed a detailed checklist for each building closure to ensure that we continue to provide industry-leading service to our customers, assist our employees through these changes, and leverage our network planning tools and other technology to efficiently process volume in our network. And lastly, as Carol mentioned, our Efficiency Reimagined initiatives that are redesigning many end-to-end processes like procurement and customer onboarding are underway, and we expect to accelerate these savings starting in the second quarter. We are pleased with the progress we made in the first quarter with our cost-out and network reconfiguration efforts related to the accelerated glide-down of Amazon volume. And we are on track to achieve our 2025 cost reduction target of $3.5 billion. Now, turning to guidance for 2025. The macro-environment is highly uncertain due to changing trade policy and tariff uncertainty. As a global carrier, the eventual outcomes could result in pressure in some parts of our business and create new opportunities in others. We modeled several different scenarios for how the balance of the year might play out so that we can quickly pivot, continue supporting our customers, and lean into growth. And, as Carol mentioned, we're also closely monitoring our direct exposure related to our purchasing and capital plan. Today, I'll provide you with our outlook for the second quarter. We are not providing any updates to our consolidated full year outlook until there's more certainty in the macro-environment. Let's start with our assumptions for the second quarter. In our International business, we have factored in announced tariffs and changes to de minimis exemption. We also expect weakening demand on the China-to-U.S. trade lane will be partially offset by two factors. First is growth on China to non-U.S. lanes, and second is growth from the rest of the world inbound to the U.S. In our U.S. Domestic business, we have included our expectations. Margin is expected to be approximately 9.3%. In the U.S., in the second quarter, we expect ADV to be down about 9% and revenue to be down low single digits compared to last year. SMBs will be disproportionately impacted by the uncertain environment, which will add some pressure to operating margins. We expect the U.S. Domestic operating margin to expand by approximately 30 basis points compared to last year. Turning to International, we expect revenue to be down approximately 2% to last year and operating margin to be in the mid-teens due to lower demand-related surcharges and trade uncertainty. And in Supply Chain Solutions in the second quarter, revenue is expected to decline approximately $500 million due to the reduction in revenue associated with Coyote in the same period last year. Operating margin is anticipated to be in the high single digits. And finally, in the second quarter, in total below the line, we expect approximately $160 million in expense, and we expect a tax rate to be between 23% and 23.5%. In closing, I'll note that this uncertain environment reinforces why we've taken action to reshape our volume mix, pull cost-out, and reconfigure our U.S. network. We are focusing on controlling what we can control and executing our strategy to improve the long-term profitability of our U.S. business, drive cash generation, and deliver shareowner value.
Operator:
Operator:
Operator:
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning. Thanks for the question. Wanted to see if you could give a sense of, I guess, the cost -- how much of the $3.5 billion full year cost kind of comes through, and like, how does it build through the year? And then do you -- is that like a full offset to the reduction in Amazon revenue or kind of more or less? So, maybe just more on that. I don't know if you want to offer a thought on how that flows into 2026 as well. Maybe that's asking too much, but if you have kind of a similar number in 2026 or more or less, so more on the Amazon cost takeout in $3.5 billion would be great. Thank you.
Brian Dykes: Sure. Thanks, Tom. And yes, so on the $3.5 billion, if you think about it in the buckets that we laid out, right? The variable cost is going to come out in line with the Amazon volume, right, as we kind of laid it out. The semi-variable cost is generally going to follow the same pattern. So, the fixed cost, what we described is we will be closing 73 buildings in the second quarter. So the majority -- there's more fixed cost, about 60% of it is weighted towards the back half. Efficiency Reimagined is also in that, and is also about 60% in the back half. So, you think across those three buckets, generally the first two will follow Amazon volume, and the other -- the others will be back-half weighted.
Carol Tome: And the Amazon volume decline is higher in the back half of the year than it is in the first half.
Brian Dykes: Correct. As we laid out, it's about 16% in the first half and 30% in the second half.
Carol Tome: And looking to 2026?
Brian Dykes: In 2026, look, we will rack because remember, in the Amazon glide-out, it's over the course of 18 months. So in the first half of 2026, there will be incremental, both variable, semi-variable, and fixed cost reductions that we'll lay out as we get into the back half of the year, so those will be incremental to the $3.5 billion that's in 2025.
Tom Wadewitz: So, do we think of it as kind of an exact match, or do you take out more cost than the revenue you loose?
Brian Dykes: Well, I think if you look at what we talk about with the revenue and the costs that we're taking out, we are making structural changes to the business to improve the margin. Tom, I think we talked about the revenue that we're losing was not nutritive to the business. And so, we are taking out more costs.
Carol Tome: And the one thing I would add is on Efficiency Reimagined. That's really not tied to the Amazon volume decline. That's about making our business more productive, and how does that play out Brian?
Brian Dykes: Yes. So, Efficiency Reimagined is all about making processes more efficient within the business. And so, as we do that, we will also be taking out about $500 million this year, rolling to $1 billion into 2026, that is going to be back-half weighted in 2025, but will be incremental to the piece that's just directly related to the Amazon volume. It is included in the fixed cost bucket that we laid out, but it's a rough process redesign around restructuring of the business.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Ari Rosa from Citigroup. Your line is live.
Ariel Rosa: Hi, good morning. Carol, you mentioned this objective of being less dependent on labor going forward. I think there was a headline we saw the other day that you were testing out robotics and leveraging more warehouse automation. Could you just talk about those efforts and how that fits into the Efficiency Reimagined initiative? What kind of cost savings you expect to realize that -- realize from that over the longer term? Thanks.
Carol Tome: Well, as part of our network of the future initiative, we are looking at automating our buildings by automating the sort, but there's much more to automation than just automating the sort. We're also looking at the use of robotics for automatic label application, automatic -- many other automatic opportunities, unloading and loading trailers, as well as how we sort packages in certain of our functions. And maybe I'll turn to Nando for a little more comment on that.
Nando Cesarone: Yes, sure. So, what you're going to see at the end of this is 400 facilities that are either partially or fully automated. On top of that, we're working ahead of ourselves as new automation technology, the application of AI in certain areas to help us with labor is introduced into these operations and that allows us to really take cost out of the network and also the end state is 200 facilities that will be closed in our network. And, of course, as we work through this, we're creating capacity for ourselves through the productivity improvements. And again, as we look at this, we've developed really good muscle here, and we're moving at a speed that we're all really happy with. But the end result will be a much more efficient operation with less dependency on labor. And as we grow and scale up, that's going to continue to provide benefits for UPS.
Carol Tome: And so, that activity, coupled with our Amazon activity, gives us confidence that we'll reach that 12% U.S. operating margin by the end of 2026.
Brian Dykes: That's right. And I would say we're -- as Carol and Nando have articulated, we're not stopping, right? So, while we're drawing down less efficient capacity, we're automating at the same time. We told you in the fourth quarter that 63% of our volume went through automated hubs. That's now 64%, which is up about 4.5% year-over-year. And so, we're moving towards a new -- a more efficient -- more efficient, more scalable network faster.
Ariel Rosa: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Your line is live.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning. So, I just want to understand the -- of the $3.5 billion, how much has been realized to date in Q1? And then, when I look at Q1, margins domestically improved 110 basis points. I think you said second quarter only 30 basis points. Is that a function of more macro getting worse, or is that -- I guess why is that -- why are we seeing a deceleration in the margin improvement in Q2, as, I would imagine, the cost savings are ramping?
Brian Dykes: Sure. So, Scott, just to hit on the first point, about $500 million of the $3.5 billion is in Q1. And like I said, that will ramp as both the Amazon volume comes out as well as our initiatives ramp as we go through Q2. There's a couple of things happening in Q2. The first is we have -- as we outlined, we built into our guide the expectation from our customers of what the announced tariffs will be, right? The net impact of that is that we do see some volume deceleration in both enterprise and SMB, particularly in SMBs. They do not have the tools to deal with the changes that our enterprise customers do. That will put some pressure on RPP and margin. The second piece I would add is, look, we're closing 7% of our U.S. buildings in the quarter, right? And so, we have built in some chaos costs in order to manage the volume and maintain service as we go through that process.
Carol Tome: And maybe just a little bit more color on the SMBs. Many of our SMBs, as we talk to them, are 100% single-sourced from China. And this is causing so much uncertainty in the marketplace because the administration has announced, as 145% tariff on China goods starting May 2, and the elimination of the de minimis exception. So, our SMBs, who don't have the working capital capabilities to pull forward inventory, are saying, Wow! how are we going to handle this cost increase that's coming our way. It doesn't mean that they're not trying to look for alternate forms of supply. They're working with original equipment manufacturers, trying to move to other countries, but as you can appreciate, the large companies get to take the first phone call and they're the ones that are willing to work on changing supply chain. So, we just want to factor that into our forecast for Q2, understanding candidly, there's so much uncertainty around the China tariffs. We know it's been announced. We don't know actually if it will happen. We don't know if it will stick. There are many things we don't know, but we thought it was prudent to factor that into our view.
Scott Group: Okay. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Jordan Alliger from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi. Realizing the tariff stuff and supply chains are a bit of a moving target right now, any updates on sort of your secular viewpoint for domestic and international volume growth, sort of factoring out Amazon now that you're reducing it and maybe contemplating, I don't know, shifts in supply chains moving away from China, rest of the world. I know you'd given some thoughts on that at your Investor Day a while back. Any updates given all the noise that's going on right now? Thank you.
Carol Tome: Well, Jordan, you're right. It's a very uncertain market. But if we go back to the beginning of the year, the small package industry in the United States was expected to be very low single digit growing from a volume perspective, and if you look at value, including GRI increases, again, low single digit. Outside of the U.S., it's a big addressable market. We size the market outside the United States as $99 billion. And it was expected to be growing in the mid-single digits. Including in that $99 billion is about $18 billion of healthcare, which was expected to grow in the high single digits. And all of those growth projections were as of the beginning of the year. Healthcare continues to be a bit isolated from this. We had good healthcare growth. Healthcare is reflected in all three of our operating segments. We had good healthcare growth in the first quarter. If you look at average daily net revenue, which adjusts for one less operating day, it was up nearly 5% year-on-year. So, we were pleased with that performance. And what I'm happy about from a UPS perspective is, because of our presence in over 200 countries and territories around the world, we can move where supply chain move and they're going to move. We know they're going to move, and we can move where they move. We've got a proof point. If we go back to 2018, when China tariffs were imposed, we saw trade move. China to U.S. declined, but China to rest of the world increased, and it all levelled out, and our international business actually grew. So, because of our integrated network and our presence, we'll be able to manage through this.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Vernon from Bernstein. Your line is live.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking the question. So, Brian, maybe just to clarify, if we take the $3.5 billion that we're going to earn -- the $3.5 billion of cost savings that we're going to get in this year, can you just give us an annualized number of what that would look like for 2026? And then my question is really around the domestic side of the business with the SurePost insourcing. You guys put a pretty healthy price increase in there. Could you give us a sense for whether you're seeing any book away or any sort of movement away in volume for stuff that you would have wanted to keep in that insourcing, or whether those pricing gains are actually sticking in there? Thank you.
Brian Dykes: Yes. So, Dave, on the first point, the $3.5 billion is an in-year 2025 number. I would expect a similar number as we do a kind of a similar type drawdown into 2026, but we'll clarify that as we go later into the year. On the Ground Saver volume, so we have seen Ground Saver decline. It's down about 8.5% in the quarter. But I will say the majority of that has been intentional decline with specific customers as we both adjust the cost structure to now an in-source model and the new product as well as we lean into revenue quality. So, there has been some intentional decline of less nutritive business.
Carol Tome: And we would expect to see that in Q2 as well.
Brian Dykes: Yes.
David Vernon: But you're not seeing any sort of additional churn or turnover from the competition with the post office.
Carol Tome: We're not.
David Vernon: Okay.
Brian Dykes: We're not.
Carol Tome: And maybe just a little more color there. That's one reason why we insourced it, because of the liability that we provide to our customers. Our on-time in the delivery was almost 97% in the first quarter.
Brian Dykes: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Chris Wetherbee from Wells Fargo. Your line is live.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Maybe a question on International. I think you noted for the second quarter mid-teens margins. I guess also that the China-U.S. lane was the most profitable. Just wanted to get a sense, is this sort of the right profitability level for the business going forward, assuming things don't change materially on the tariff side with China? Just trying to get a sense of maybe, is there specific items impacting the second quarter or is this more of a run rate just given what the trade looks like in the second quarter?
Brian Dykes: Yes. So, in the second quarter, there's a couple of moving pieces here because, as Carol mentioned, trade flows are shifting, and that's what we anticipate as well. So -- and I outlined in my prepared remarks, how we think about the move in International. We expect China to the U.S. to decline a little less than 25%, but that's going to be offset by material improvement in China to rest of world and rest of world to the U.S. So, there's some shifting trade lanes that we're anticipating in the second quarter guide you'll see it -- that we expect to see. Now, what that means is China-to-U.S. is our most profitable trade lane. There will be a little bit of profit headwind. Look, longer term, we expect International to get back to this mid to high teens margin as a long-term margin.
Carol Tome: And I think the first quarter margin was suppressed a bit because of the investments we're making in Europe for weekend delivery. We will lap those investments later in the year, so that will give us margin expansion at that point. We really like the volume that we're seeing as we provide that weekend service for our customers. So, this is a good investment that we made.
Brian Dykes: Absolutely.
Chris Wetherbee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Ken Hoexter from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. So, maybe just digging in on that International side, the de minimis impact, and kind of the flow-through, and then maybe the sensitivity. Carol, you mentioned kind of the postponing of shipments from the small shippers. Is this something you think we're drawing -- it sounded like Brian said we're drawing down inventories that we should expect some sort of snapback and once these tariffs are settled. Is that kind of how you're thinking about kind of the pace of goods? Just want to understand because you've given us 2Q thoughts, you pulled the full year, just thinking about how quick we could see that reverse, and maybe as policy is set?
Carol Tome: Yes. So, the real point of uncertainty is this China tariff matter. And so, we're hoping to have that clearer by the end of the second quarter. The de minimis implications means that for China imports, they will be charged duties and tariffs for $800 or less, but hadn't been the case before. So, we have factored that into our outlook for our SMBs because they could be impacted by this. We think they will be impacted by this. But in terms of clearing goods across the borders, we are well-positioned to do that. In fact, we clear goods without manual intervention about 85% of the time. So, we're in great shape to be able to clear these goods if more items are coming through with tariffs identified on them. What else would you want to add to that, Brian?
Brian Dykes: And I think you're -- what you're outlining are some of the scenarios that we've been running.
Carol Tome: Yes.
Brian Dykes: Time is a big factor here on when this gets resolved. The final levels is a big factor here and, ultimately, how our customers end up dealing with it from a price or a margin standpoint. And so those are a lot of the things that we're looking at. That's why there's so much uncertainty in the back half because all those will ultimately impact the U.S. consumer, and we're trying to help our customers deal with it.
Carol Tome: It's because -- while current consumer sentiment is down from where it was at the beginning of the year, the consumer is still pretty healthy. And so to your question about, well as inventory levels are being drawn-down, will it snap back? Well, commerce needs to continue. So, one would assume that it will come back -- may come back from a different country as importers change their source of origin. But we're prepared to handle that given our breadth and our presence.
Brian Dykes: That's right.
Ken Hoexter: I guess if I can just clarify, maybe what I'm confused at is International seems to be kind of in line with the Street, but U.S., that's where the change seems to be. I just want to make sure that's the message you're sending because that's down maybe a bit more, 300 basis points more than where expectations were.
Brian Dykes: Yes. So, Ken, yes, you're right, because in International, remember, as we said, there's going to be some offsetting trade flows here that help the international business balance the China-to-U.S. trade lane. But ultimately, where a lot of the uncertainty lies is what's the impact to the U.S. customer base.
Carol Tome: So, Kate, maybe you could give some more color on what we mean by these trade shifts. For example, China Plus One, and what you're seeing with these new countries?
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. So just to bring it to life, the export out of the non-China-Hong Kong lanes is up double-digit from the remainder of the countries. A lot of that has to do with the investments that the company made three years ago to really unlock the right to win in that space, and then all regions around the world grew the exports. So, we are seeing the shift occur. Carol mentioned the 44,000 customers that we interviewed on their supply chains. We're helping SMBs try to move their manufacturing sourcing to, for instance, Mexico, so that down the road, they would have sourced more near to the U.S., but it is the rest of the world is growing. I'll give South Korea as one shout-out. We talk about our complex healthcare focus as well as International. It's a great market where they both come together, and it's growing 24% exports. So, it shows that commerce keeps going, health keeps going, and we are positioned with our global network to catch it.
Carol Tome: So, hopefully, that helps, Ken?
Ken Hoexter: Yes, it definitely helps. Appreciate the thoughts. Thanks, guys.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Kate Gutmann: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Jason Seidl from TD Cowen. Your line is live.
Jason Seidl: Thank you, Operator. Hey, Carol. Hey, Brian and team. Thanks for all the thoughtful data points and feedbacks here that you've provided today. I wanted to focus a little bit on -- you talked about 95% of your customers said they're sort of maintaining their outlook, but will sort of draw-down inventories for the moment. So, sort of a two-part question. Number one, what does that do to volumes when your customers are drawing down inventories? And number two, how long do you think they have in terms of an inventory drawdown, so we could sort of level-set expectations?
Carol Tome: Well, it depends on the importer. Some importers were buying ahead 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. And you can imagine that the larger importers, which would be the larger retailers, were doing that, 30, 60, 90 days. Don't think it goes much beyond that because there's no capacity to hold the inventory. And when we say 95% have started to change or not change their business model, it means they're not changing how they ship their products to the United States. So that, I think, is encouraging to us because they're not thinking about exiting the business, they're going to stay in the business. They're going to let inventory levels roll down. They're going to hope to have certainty on China, and then they'll decide what they do going forward.
Jason Seidl: And so, on a roll-down in inventory, that would be -- put pressure on your volumes at least in the near term?
Carol Tome: But again, remember, trade lanes are shifting. So that means trade from country to U.S., they will move other -- to other trade lanes. So, as Brian just shared with you, we're not expecting a big difference in our international business in our second quarter.
Brian Dykes: No. No. As I -- Jason, as I mentioned before, so we expect just under 25% decline in China-to-U.S., that's offset by 40% increase in China-to-rest of world, right? And so we're seeing these things shift because manufacturers in China are not slowing down, they're shifting where the goods are going.
Carol Tome: And they're providing incentive to make that happen to their -- the Chinese company.
Brian Dykes: Yes.
Jason Seidl: And Brian, as it shifts to sort of a China Plus One, I guess, outlook there, do you need to shift some costs around to handle increased business, or do you have capacity in some of those other areas?
Brian Dykes: So, we manage our network in a variable basis like that all the time. That's kind of -- that's come to work at UPS is shifting the assets around to flex where our customers need us to be, and that's part of having a globally integrated network.
Carol Tome: Right.
Brian Dykes: We can clear it, we can move it, we can deliver it in any country in the world where you need us.
Carol Tome: And as air volume comes down in the United States, it frees up lift for outside the United States.
Brian Dykes: That's right.
Carol Tome: So, the power of the integration -- integrated network is really helpful in this ever-changing environment.
Jason Seidl: I appreciate the color, and thanks for the time, as always.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Stephanie Moore from Jefferies. Your line is live.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Actually, maybe a continuation on that last question and conversation. And normally, I would never ask this at the end of April, but maybe as you speak to your customers and they think about peak season, have you had any conversations with how they would look to prepare, especially in the light of kind of what we just discussed and the drawing down of inventory and taking a bit of a wait-and-see approach, but at some point, do we get to the point where there could be a bit of a squeeze here into the summer months as we start to prepare for kind of peak season shipments and what could still be a pretty disruptive supply chain environment? So, any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Carol Tome: I think your question is actually quite timely because most retailers would have to put orders in now for peak. And so, we are starting to talk to our customers to understand what their plans are. Remember, we deal with very large enterprise retailers who have the financial wherewithal to manage through tariffs. Smaller retailers, we've heard anecdotally that some of them are rethinking their peak holiday orders, but those are smaller retailers. For us from an exposure perspective, I think we're in a pretty good place. But we will continue to have those ongoing discussions given the uncertainty we have with the China tariffs. That's why it will be so helpful to have that resolved, however, it gets resolved. Brian, any thoughts?
Brian Dykes: And Stephanie, I think, again, this hits on uncertainty and scenarios, right? Because there is a scenario where it gets resolved, orders go in. There's one where it gets delayed, things move from ocean to air that -- which is good for us, right? And we were able to flex our network to help people fulfill peak orders, right? There's others where it gets pushed even further and we see supply shock. So, we're looking at all those different scenarios, so we can move as quickly as we can and pivot the business.
Carol Tome: Our peak planning has already begun. And right now, it's about scenarios, isn't it, Nando?
Nando Cesarone: Yes.
Carol Tome: We're thinking about various scenarios on how we will be prepared to deliver another great peak.
Nando Cesarone: Yes, it actually will work out in the end. When you think about peak season, we put out a lot of variable costs. It's not cost that goes on forever in terms of hiring helpers, temporary employees. We charter aircraft or lease aircraft during peak season. Those would be considerations we make as we see the volume unfold, whether we need those resources or not.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Well, I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan. Your line is live.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So, maybe just one follow-up and then a question on capital allocation. Just on the pivot to the China Plus One strategy, how quickly do you think the supply chain can really do that, especially with some of the SMBs? And are you seeing a big offset there like you -- I think Brian mentioned China to the rest of the world, but what about rest of the world to the U.S. And then also for Brian, could you just run us through capital allocation priorities, maybe the cash cost for restructuring with this plan underway? Thank you.
Carol Tome: So, rest of the world to U.S., remember 17% of our international revenue, 3% of our total revenue. So, from an exposure perspective, this is manageable exposure. Kate, what are you seeing rest of the world to the U.S.?
Kate Gutmann: Yes. So, we are seeing that we've got the growth out of Europe, for instance, to the U.S., and the exports growing at very -- in a nice high-digit single-digit factor. We're seeing Asia, Vietnam, Thailand also to the U.S. growing exports near double-digits. So, I would tell you that it's shifting. It's already occurring. So, to your point about the manufacturing and how fast. That's Carol's point about there's planning underway. The SMBs are looking at how they could source from manufacturing. The big companies get the first slot basically of these manufacturers, and the SMBs are working through where they would, how they would go to nearshoring. I love the China Plus analogy because this is basically the continuation of that, but magnified. The world is shifting already. And again, that's double-digit growth that I'm emphasizing is the proof point tied to that. And I think it's important to remember rest of world is really a 10% universal tariff. So, it's China, that's the real uncertainty, I think, facing the economy. Rest of world 10% is a manageable tariff.
Brian Dykes: That's right. And just to put a pin in before I hit on capital structure. Kate mentioned the investments we've made before that really help facilitate this, and we're continuing to do that with air expansions in Quark in Taiwan and continued investment in nearshoring. All these things are going to help us manage tariffs not only today, but get better as we go into the future. So, I think they all set us up for long-term benefit. Hitting, Brian, on your point around capital allocation, no change to our capital allocation policies. So, I think, we feel very comfortable with where the balance sheet is. We're at 2.26 times debt-to-EBITDA, which is below our 2.5% target. We closed the year with $5 billion in cash on balance sheet. None of our CP on our $3 billion program is issued, so plenty of liquidity. So, we feel very good about cash generation in the year coming, balance sheet strength, and liquidity. On the charges associated with the restructuring plans, think about it as about 60% cash, 40% non-cash. But I will tell you, remember, that number is going to continue to be updated as we work through the year and we work through specific -- additional assets that will be taken down, and when we roll into the first half of 2026 and we take kind of the second tranche out.
PJ Guido: Matthew, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thanks for covering all that.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Brian Dykes: No worries.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question comes from Bruce Chan from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Bruce Chan: Hey, good morning, everyone, and thanks for all the helpful color here. Maybe just a broader question, if I -- not to be a negative Nancy, but if I start to think about potential recessionary scenarios, we've had periods of decelerating volumes and uncertain macro to look back to, but as far as I'm aware, number one, where you've been undertaking such a big network realignment. Does that reduce your flexibility or optionality in terms of responding to lower macro demand maybe, for example, taking down Transat flights or flexing labor down even more within the confines of your labor agreement? Thank you.
Carol Tome: I actually think we're adding more agility and nimbleness to our business than we ever have. If you think about the volume that we're gliding down from Amazon, 60% of the volume that we're gliding down is not profitable for us. And by gliding that down, we actually give ourselves financial flexibility to address other scenarios that might come our way. So, while we have a lot to do to make this happen, we're building in flexibility and agility that we've never had before, being so dependent on that one customer for volume and growth. So I'm -- we are working through a number of scenarios, aren't, Brian?
Brian Dykes: We are.
Carol Tome: We're going as dark as we can and as optimistic as we can. And through all the scenarios, I've seen nothing but ways that we can manage through. Brian, you'd like to add?
Brian Dykes: So -- and look, we outlined that we're going to be exiting 164 operations in 73 facilities by the end of June. There's another approximately 50 that we're evaluating after that, and we'll continue to look at that. So, I think, it's important that -- look, we're building a muscle here and we're building a muscle that's going to allow us to flex the network in a new way that we've done before. The second piece is, I would say, as we consolidate to a more automated network, it gives us better efficiency with how we manage the volume to flex both up and down. And so, we feel that even in those scenarios where the volumes got to come down even more, we're going to be in a more efficient network, and we've got the ability to go deeper on how we manage the cost in order to offset it.
Carol Tome: And just maybe one other thought. One reason we're so focused on healthcare -- complex healthcare is it is recessionary-proof and it's going to grow. So this differentiates us from just delivering a sweater in a box. It's complex logistics. It's the future of our company. So, we're committed to continuing to make inorganic growth opportunities -- acquisitions like the Andlauer announcement as well as to grow the core business, positioning UPS for the future.
Bruce Chan: Great. Really helpful. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back over to your host, Mr. PJ Guido.
PJ Guido: Thank you, Matthew. This concludes our call. Thank you for joining and have a great day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Greg Alexander, and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. PJ Guido, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
PJ Guido: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tom, our CEO; Brian Dykes, our CFO and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the Federal Securities Laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2023 Form 10-K and other reports we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Now let me share a reporting change we have made between business segments. Effective with the fourth quarter of 2024 USPS Air Cargo results have been moved from supply chain solutions to the U.S. domestic segment. We made this change to align with our management structure and to simplify intercompany allocations and reporting. This change is visible in the web schedules that have been posted on the UPS Investor Relations website. Not that U.S. domestic revenue per piece and cost per piece metrics are not impacted by this change as USPS transacts with us on a weight basis not on a per piece basis. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion today refers to non-GAAP adjusted results. For the fourth quarter of 2024, GAAP results include a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $506 million. Total after-tax transformation strategy costs of $73 million, after-tax asset impairment charges of $46 million, and an after-tax cost related to the withdrawal from a multi-employer pension plan of $14 million. The after-tax total for these items is $639 million or $0.74 per diluted share. Additional details regarding year-end pension charges are included in the appendix of our fourth quarter 2024 earnings presentation that is posted to the UPS Investor Relations website. A reconciliation of non-GAAP adjusted amounts to GAAP financial results is available in today's webcast materials. These materials are also available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions]. Please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol B. Tom: Thank you, PJ and good morning. We have a lot to cover today. I'll begin with a review of our fourth quarter and full year results. Then I'll provide an overview of the moves we are taking in 2025 to drive our performance. Brian will wrap up our prepared remarks with more detail about our financial performance and our 2025 outlook. And we'll leave plenty of time for questions. But first, let me start by thanking UPSers for their hard work and efforts as we executed another outstanding peak. For the seventh year in a row, we were the industry leader in on-time service during peak season, the most important time of the year for our customers. In the face of a compressed holiday period, our people, enabled by the agility of our integrated network, did what they do best and that's deliver for our customers. Moving to our results, the positive momentum we saw in the third quarter continued into the fourth quarter. Compared to last year, consolidated fourth quarter revenue increased 1.5% to $25.3 billion. Operating profit was $3.1 billion, an increase of 11.2% from last year, better than we expected, and consolidated operating margin was 12.3%. Importantly, our U.S. domestic operating margin was over 10% for the quarter, reflecting improved revenue quality and strong expense control. Looking at the full year, our consolidated revenue was $91.1 billion, slightly above last year. Consolidated operating profit totaled $8.9 billion, and consolidated operating margin was 9.8%. We generated $10.1 billion in cash from operations in 2024, and we returned $5.9 billion to share owners in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Before I discuss our plans for 2025, let me share a few operational and financial highlights. In 2024, we continue to grow our U.S. SMB penetration, and finish the year with SMBs making up 28.9% of our total U.S. volume, an increase of 30 basis points from last year. DAP, our digital access program, was a big driver of the increase and in 2024, we generated $3.3 billion in global DAP revenue, a 17% increase year-over-year. As we discussed, we are moving from a scanning network to a sensing network through our smart package, smart facility, RFID initiative. In 2024, we equipped nearly 60,000 U.S. package cars with sensors, which represents 66% of our fleet, eliminating 12 million manual scans per day, and enhancing package visibility for our customers. Within network of the future, in 2024, we accelerated operational closures and completed nine more than planned, resulting in 49 operational closures which included permanently closing 11 buildings. And we did this while continuing to deliver outstanding customer service. Today, about 63% of our U.S. volume flows through our automated facilities, compared to 60% in 2023. Finally, we took actions in our healthcare logistics business to further support our growth plans. Earlier this month, we completed the acquisition of Frigo-Trans, a European healthcare logistics company specializing in cold chain and in December we opened two state-of-the-art healthcare cross-dock facilities in Italy and Germany. These moves further expand our cold chain capabilities to serve a growing European market. Before I talk about 2025 I'd like to take a short look back at the last five years. In June of 2020 in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic we launched our better-not-bigger strategy hinged on three elements. Customer first, people led, innovation driven. For the first few years we focused on growing select markets and optimizing financially attractive volume including volume from SMBs and healthcare customers. Further we focused on making productivity a virtuous cycle by launching transformation 2.0 and we began a portfolio optimization program including selling our LTL freight business and making a few strategically important acquisitions. From 2020 through 2022 we delivered solid financial results in line with our strategy at a time when much of the world was struggling due to the challenges presented by the pandemic. In 2023 our financial results faced unexpected challenges due to an unfavorable economic environment and a prolonged payment [ph] negotiation with the teamsters. While the labor negotiation caused volume and earnings disruption we gained certainty regarding our labor cost for the next several years. After wrapping the first year of our new labor contract in the third quarter of 2024, positive momentum began to build and we returned to volume, revenue, and operating profit growth. We continued to drive productivity through several programs and focused on revenue quality and we took further actions to optimize our portfolio by selling our truckload brokerage business known as Coyote and we entered into agreements to acquire Estafeta, a leading Mexican logistics integrator and Frigo-Trans. We closed out 2024 with an outstanding peak delivery investing class service and financial results ahead of our target. But as we wrapped up 2024 it became clear to us that if we didn't address three specific challenges facing us in the U.S. we could lose momentum. The first challenge relates to the dynamics of the U.S. small package market. Today it's a slow growth market with changing package characteristics. The second challenge comes from the concentration of volume and revenue we have with our largest customer. Looking ahead we project this business if we take no action we'll drive diminishing returns. The third challenge is the reliance we have had with the USPS for our SurePost product. In this case the USPS is changing its operating model which we believe puts service at risk. So we've taken actions to address all three of these challenges head on including doubling down on revenue quality and serving the customer segments we want to serve best. First, we've reached an agreement in principle with our largest customer for a significant reduction in volume, lowering their volume with us by more than 50% by the second half of 2026. With this we will right size our network and retain the volume that is nutritive for us and for our customer. Second, effective this year on January 1st we no longer use the USPS for our SurePost product. Service is a fundamental part of our value proposition and by insourcing this product we can be certain we deliver great service with no material impact to our financial performance. In connection with these changes while I'm incredibly proud of the productivity actions taken by our leaders, we've realized we're not done. We are reconfiguring our U.S. network and have launched multi-year initiatives we're calling Efficiency Reimagined which tackle our processes from end to end, from peak hiring practices to processing payments and more. Efficiency Reimagined should drive approximately $1 billion in savings. These significant business and operational changes coupled with the foundational changes that we've already made will put us further down the path to becoming a more profitable, agile and differentiated UPS that is growing in the best parts of the market namely healthcare, B2B, SNB, and international. We've got some work to do to make this all happen, but there's no better team than the UPS team. We will deliver. As Brian will detail, in 2025 these actions are expected to result in expanded operating margins and an improvement in return on invested capital. And by taking these actions, we expect by the fourth quarter of 2026 to have a U.S. domestic operating margin of at least 12%. With that, thank you for listening, and I'll now turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Dykes: Thank you, Carol and good morning, everyone. Our financial performance in the fourth quarter was better than we expected due to our focus on revenue quality and excellent cost management. The positive momentum that we began in the third quarter continued throughout our busiest time of the year. This morning, I'll cover four areas, starting with our fourth quarter results, followed by a review of our full year 2024 results, including cash and shareowner returns, then I'll provide more detail on the business and operational changes we are making. And I'll close with our expectations for the market and our financial outlook for 2025. Starting with our consolidated performance. In the fourth quarter, we delivered revenue and operating profit growth and margin expansion. This is a continuation of the momentum that we showed in the third quarter and the first time in three years that we've shown growth in the fourth quarter on all three of these financial metrics. In the fourth quarter, we generated $25.3 billion in consolidated revenue, an increase of 1.5% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Consolidated operating profit was $3.1 billion, an increase of 11.2% versus the fourth quarter of 2023, and consolidated operating margin was 12.3%, an increase of 110 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Diluted earnings per year was $2.75, up 11.3% from the fourth quarter of 2023. Now moving to our segment performance. U.S. domestic delivered strong fourth quarter results driven by gains in revenue quality and outstanding cost management. And during the compressed 2024 peak season, our average on-time service led the industry by 470 basis points over our closest competitor, which drove high demand for our services, allowing us to continue winning new customers throughout peak. For the quarter, U.S. average daily volume or ADV was flat to last year, ground average daily volume increased 2.1% year-over-year, while total air average daily volume was down 12.9%. Excluding the volume decline from our largest customer, total air ADV grew driven by demand from healthcare and high-tech customers. Within ground, SurePost ADV as a percentage of total ADV, increased slightly compared to the third quarter of 2024. Through the power of our matching algorithm, we increased SurePost redirects by 660 basis points sequentially from the third quarter, which resulted in half of the SurePost volume being delivered by UPS drivers. For the quarter, total B2B average daily volume was down 1% year-over-year. However, we saw B2B growth from healthcare customers, including healthcare SMBs. On the B2C side, average daily volume was up slightly year-over-year and made up 64.7% of our volume. In terms of customer mix, we saw strong ADV growth from SMB customers, which grew 4.5% in the fourth quarter, driven by double-digit growth in December. In the fourth quarter, SMBs made up 27.8% of total U.S. volume. This was the highest fourth quarter concentration we've seen in 10 years. For the quarter, U.S. domestic generated revenue of $17.3 billion, up 2.2% compared to last year due to the strength of small package in December and increases in air cargo. In the fourth quarter, the revenue per piece growth rate flipped positive for the first time this year, and was up 2.4% year-over-year, which was a sequential improvement of 460 basis points from the third quarter of this year. Breaking down the components of the 2.4% revenue per piece improvement, base rates increased the revenue per piece growth rate around 250 basis points. Strong keep-rates on our holiday demand surcharge increased the revenue per piece growth rate by 110 basis points. The net impact of customer mix, combined with product mix and lighter weights decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 80 basis points. Lastly, fuel drove a 40 basis point decline in the revenue per piece growth rate. Turning to cost, total expense increased 1.3%. Since we -- the first year of our labor contract at the end of July, this was the first full quarter at a lower contractual union wage growth rate. In fact, the average increase over the prior four quarters was 10.5%, and the fourth quarter this year union wage rates increased by only 3%. Through our network of the future initiative, we exceeded our initial target by completing 49 operational closures this year, including 11 buildings. By leveraging our technology and increasing automation, we've processed and delivered the same amount of volume in the fourth quarter as last year, but we did it with 3 million fewer hours while delivering excellent service. We lowered small package block hours within our air network in response to changing volume levels, purchase transportation and other expenses declined as we insourced 50% of SurePost volume during the fourth quarter, and we tightly managed rental equipment through peak. Lastly, our safety performance was better than we expected and drove a benefit in casual peak spend. Looking at cost per piece, throughout the fourth quarter in the peak period, we leveraged technology and our proven practices to hold the increase to just 0.9%. The U.S. domestic segment delivered $1.8 billion in operating profit at 11% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, and the operating margin was 10.1%, a year-over-year increase of 80 basis points. Moving to our international segment, for the second quarter in a row, our international business grew revenue and operating profit and expanded operating margins. Total international average daily volume growth were positive for the first time in three years and was up 8.8% year-over-year. International domestic average daily volume increased 5.8% compared to last year, driven by strong performance in Canada. And on the export side, average daily volume increased 11.7% year-over-year, with all regions delivering ADV growth. Asia export average daily volume was up 15.4%, delivering growth for the third consecutive quarter. And at the country level, 17 of our top 20 export countries grew export ADV led by Mexico and Germany. And in Germany, which is our largest export market, export average daily volume increased 8.6% compared to last year. In the fourth quarter, international revenue was $4.9 billion up 6.9% from last year, with all regions growing revenue year-over-year. International generated positive operating leverage, driven by our ongoing network optimization and cost management efforts. Operating profit in the international segment was $1.1 billion, an increase of 18.1% year-over-year. Operating margin in the fourth quarter was 21.6%, an increase of 210 basis points from a year ago. Moving to supply chain solutions, in the fourth quarter, revenue was $3.1 billion. Revenue decreased $306 million, with the reduction impacted by $588 million in revenue from Coyote in the 2023 period. Revenue within our forwarding and logistics businesses increased $282 million. Looking at the key drivers, air and ocean forwarding revenue was up 10.3%, led by continued strong market demand out of Asia. And logistics revenue grew by 16.2%. In the fourth quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated operating profit of $284 million down $24 million year-over-year, which included an impact of $13.5 million of operating profit from Coyote in the same period in 2023. Operating margin in the fourth quarter was 9.3%, an increase of 20 basis points compared to last year. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $229 million of interest expense, our other pension income was $67 million, and our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 20.5%, lower than our expectations due to discrete items. Now let me comment on our full-year 2024 results. For the full-year 2024 revenue was $91.1 billion, a slight increase over 2023. We delivered operating profit of $8.9 billion and a consolidated operating margin of 9.8%. We generated $10.1 billion in cash from operations and continued to follow our capital allocation priorities. We invested $3.9 billion in CAPEX, we distributed $5.4 billion in dividends, we repaid $3.8 billion in debt that matured during the year, and at the end of the year, our debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.25 turns. Lastly, we completed $500 million in share buybacks in 2024. And in the segments for the full year, U.S. domestic operating profit was $4.5 billion and operating margin was 7.5%. The international segment generated $3.4 billion in operating profit, and operating margin was 18.7%. And Supply Chain Solutions delivered operating profit of $1 billion and operating margin was 8%. Which brings us to 2025. As Carol described, we are taking a set of strategic actions to address the challenges facing our U.S. business head-on. Execution is already well underway and these actions together will create a more agile and profitable UPS. Let me provide more detail on what we're doing. I'll start with the agreement in principle we've reached with our largest customers significantly reduced the volume we deliver for them. The accelerated decline has already begun and will step up meaningfully so that by the second half of 2026, their volume will be down by more than 50% of what it was at the beginning of the year. The speed of the glide down is five times faster than our initial glide down efforts between 2021 and 2024. The results of this change will be lower overall volume levels but an improved customer mix at a significantly higher revenue per piece. We are deliberately shifting our business and increasing our focus on growing higher yielding volume and value share. Lower overall volume levels from this customer will lead to lower revenue dollars in the near term. However, we expect to grow revenue per piece through shifting our customer mix and by leveraging our architecture of tomorrow pricing technology. This will enable us to continue the strong base rate improvements in 2025 that we delivered from our enterprise and SMB customers in the second half of 2024. Additionally, we will double down on growing volume and revenue in the best parts of the market for us, including SMB, healthcare, and B2B. And in terms of SMBs, this year we expect to take the SMB percent of our U.S. volume to 32%, and the momentum will continue for the longer term. Now looking at cost, as we bring volume down, we will not only reduce the hours and miles associated with this volume, we will be able to take out fixed costs to match our capacity to our new expected volume levels. All facts to the network are included in the reconfiguration. And we expect to close up to 10% of our building, cut back our vehicle and aircraft leads, and reduce labor. The right sizing of our U.S. capacity allows us to accelerate our network of the future initiative. We will be able to more quickly bring down less efficient capacity while further investing in automation across the network, getting us to a more efficient U.S. network faster. The capital requirements to run our reconfigured network will also decrease. We will share more details on our execution plan on our first quarter earnings call in April. Now turning to the changes we made with SurePost. As of January 1st we began delivering 100% of our SurePost volume, and in mid-January we implemented a 9.9% average rate increase on SurePost. Offering a reliable economy service is an important part of our product portfolio and overall value proposition. The changes we made give us greater point-to-point operational control and the ability to provide better service to our customers, which brings me to our Efficiency Reimagined initiatives. Lower overall volume and a reconfigured U.S. network created an opportunity for us to increase efficiency by redesigning processes from end to end. Through our Efficiency Reimagined we expect to deliver approximately $1 billion in savings. Pulling it all together, even while we're undergoing the largest network reconfiguration in our history, we expect to expand U.S. domestic operating margin in every quarter of 2025, with a full year operating margin approaching 9%. As the impact of our cost-out efforts increased over the next 18 months, we expect to pace operating margin improvement to accelerate into 2026, where we expect by the fourth quarter to generate a 12% U.S. operating margin. And we see even more upside potential in the longer term. Turning to guidance for 2025, starting with the macro, S&P Global Forecast Global GDP growth of 2.5% compared to 2024. Real exports and global industrial production are both expected to increase around 2% year-over-year. In the U.S., manufacturing is expected to turn positive for the first quarter of 2025 after seven quarters of negative year-over-year growth, and the consumer is expected to remain resilient. Moving to our 2025 financial outlook, for the full year 2025 on a consolidated basis, revenue is expected to be approximately $89 billion, and operating margin is expected to be approximately 10.8%. Our guidance for 2025 does not reflect any significant potential global trade implications due to changes in tariffs. Now let me give you a little color on the segment. Looking at U.S. domestic, as a result of the actions we're taking, full year 2025 revenue is expected to decline 2.3% year-over-year driven by an ADV reduction of about 8.5%, partially offset by strong expected revenue per piece growth of approximately 6%, and we will wrap the newly on-boarded USPS air cargo business. We expect the intended volume and revenue declines to accelerate as we progress throughout the year. Full year operating margin is expected to be approximately 8.8%, an increase of 130 basis points compared to 2024. And to provide a little shape for the first quarter, which has one fewer operating day compared to the first quarter of 2024 we expect revenue to increase nearly 1% year-over-year, despite ADV being down approximately 4% and we expect to expand operating margin by approximately 140 basis points year-over-year. Moving to the international segment, we expect mid-single digit ADV growth throughout the year, but with lower demand related surcharges than we've seen in prior years. For the year, we expect 2025 revenues to increase approximately 2.5% year-over-year, with an operating margin of around 18.6% and looking at the first quarter, we expect revenue to be flattish compared to the same period last year, and operating margin to be moderately down year-over-year due to lower demand related surcharges. And in Supply Chain Solutions for the full year 2025, we expect revenue to be approximately $11 billion and operating margin to be approximately 8.5%. In SCS in the first quarter, revenue is expected to decline about $500 million due to the reduction in revenue associated with Coyote in the same period last year. Operating margin in SCS in the first quarter is anticipated to be low to mid-single digits due to pressure from purchase transportation costs related to our mail innovations business. We expect the first quarter to be the lowest SCS operating margin in 2025. For modeling purposes, in total below the line, we expect approximately $780 million in expense, with a little more than half in the back half of the year. We expect pension expense to be approximately $37 million for the full year 2025 which is $306 million higher than in 2024 primarily due to the impact of market shifts and interest rates on our pension assets last year. We included a slide in the appendix of today's webcast deck to provide you more detail on pension. The webcast deck is available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Now let's turn to our expectations for cash and the balance sheet. We expect free cash flow to be approximately $5.7 billion including our annual pension contribution of $1.4 billion. Capital expenditures are expected to be about $3.5 billion. While we are accelerating our network of the future initiative, our reconfigured U.S. network should require less investment in vehicles and aircraft as we right size the capital base. We are planning to pay out around $5.5 billion in dividends in 2025 subject to Board approval. We expect to buyback around $1 billion of our shares. And lastly, we expect the tax rate for the full year to be approximately 23.5% as we expect the current U.S. corporate tax regime to remain. We've covered a lot today. We're moving quickly to continue our momentum. The results of our actions will be an even stronger, more agile, and more profitable UPS that's growing in the best parts of the market that value our end to end integrated network. With that Operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question today comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz from UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah, good morning. You got a lot of big things going on. One, wanted to see if you could talk a little bit more about how can we build confidence that, against a pretty meaningful drop in revenue from the Amazon change that you're able to, I guess, quickly enough get out the fixed costs, so that as opposed to seeing deleveraging and margin pressure that you're seeing the margin improvement that you're talking about, so yeah, I think just a bit more of kind of how that equation can play out, recognizing that we think of the network as having a fair bit of fixed cost to start with? Thank you.
Carol B. Tom: Tom happy to do that, but maybe I'll just start by talking about the Amazon announcement. We've been a partner to Amazon for nearly 30 years, and we hold that company in high regard. Amazon is our largest customer, but it's not our most profitable customer. Its margin is very dilutive to the U.S. domestic business. Our contract with Amazon came up this year, and so we said it's time to step back for a moment and reassess our relationship, because if we take no action, it will likely result in diminishing returns. So we considered a number of different options and landed on what we think is the best option for our company, and that is to accelerate the glide down of their volume with us, as we commented in our prepared remarks, by more than 50% by June of 2026. As you pointed out, Tom, there are a lot of assets and resources that support that Amazon volume, but as we glide down the volume, we will also be gliding out those assets and resources which gives us the margin expansion that we've explained. Now I'll turn it over to Brian so he can explain how the cost will come out.
Brian Dykes: Sure. Thank you. And Tom as we said before, clearly there's a lot of stakeholders that are involved here, and we needed to make this announcement so we can engage with those stakeholders. But you're absolutely right in your intuition that this is going to require a reconfiguration of the network so that we bring the fixed asset base, the buildings, the vehicles, the aircraft, in line with the new volume levels, and we'll give you a lot more color on how we're going to roll that schedule out on the first quarter earnings call, once we have a chance to engage all the stakeholders involved. But I do think that is the key here, that is the mission, and quite frankly, it's already underway with our team.
Carol B. Tom: And one reason for a glide down over 18 months, rather than six months because we wanted to make sure that we didn't strand cost. Now, clearly our labor costs will flex with volume. As volume goes up, we have more hours, as volume comes down, we have less hours. So that's just part of the DNA of how we operate our business. But we have I think proven in 2024 that we can close buildings, because with network of the future, we did just that. We closed down 11 buildings with improved service. Nando, would you like to comment on that?
Nando Cesarone: Sure, thanks. And this question Tom, just to give you comfort here, you'll know that five facilities already in January have been partially or completely closed, and this year we'll have 140 active network of the future projects, 61 of them will go live this year. Of course, just driving up the number of shipments that run through our automated facility. So that gives me a lot of confidence, gives our people a lot of confidence. So we feel good about these moves and we're ahead of schedule.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Alliger from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yeah. Hi, just to follow up on the SurePost side of things, maybe give some sense for how much volume sort of is going to be pulled into the network, can the network, as it's currently constituted today, ready from day one to move all the volume that the post office had done so? And then maybe along with that, can you touch a little bit, is this -- some of this bringing SurePost in house, designed in part at least to replace or infill some of the Amazon business going out in terms of network density? Thanks.
Carol B. Tom: Well, Jordan, thanks for the question. Let's step back for a moment on SurePost. All SurePost products are sorted through our buildings. We had used the USPS for last mile delivery for a portion of that and through our Engineering and IT matching algorithms, we've been able to redirect a lot of the SurePost volume back into the network. In fact, for delivery by our people. In fact, in the fourth quarter, 50% of the SurePost volume was delivered in the ground network. So as we came to the decision to insource all of it and have it all delivered by our network, it was simply a matter of both service. Up until this year, we had been injecting into the last mile network of the USPS, and the service there was good. But as I think you know, the USPS is changing their operating model, and as a result of those changes, we were going to have to insert upstream into their sorting facilities, and we were very concerned about service deterioration. At the same time, they were going to increase their cost to us, and that value proposition of an increased cost as well as deteriorating service, well, that didn't work for us. So in the middle of December we determined that we would insource 100% of the SurePost volume, which we have done. And I'm pleased to say that's gone very well for us. Yes, we have a few more delivery stops per car, but interestingly, we aren't driving more miles. So when we look at the financial impact insourcing SurePost, we feel very good that it's actually not going to have a material impact to our business at all. Now, we did make a GRI increase, I will admit, but from an operating perspective, it's going swimmingly well and Nando would you like to add?
Nando Cesarone: Yeah, sure. So Jordan, there's multiple opportunities for us to match shipments now, as we control that volume over multiple days. We've also adjusted our algorithm to really target stops or stop matching to 100 feet of a regular stop. And certainly this helps us smooth the daily dispatch for our employees. So resources in terms of spiking one day versus another, we're able to flatten that and keep the staffing picture very linear for the company. In addition to that, of course, we're exploring different ways on how we can move the volume through slower networks, because it is an economy service as we look at rail and how we leverage rail across the country, as well as ground movements to make sure that we're hitting our service portfolio. Early days show, as Carol had said, mileage index looks good, packages per car look good, the just overall performance right now just really proud of the team, and they continue to try to optimize this service as we go forward.
Brian Dykes: And Nando, if I could just add one thing, because I think it relates to the prior question as well, because I think the investments that we have made in the network and the technology allowed us to insource almost 1.5 million stops within a matter of weeks. I think it's a testament to the operators, but also a testament to the agility that we've created into the network, and that will help us as we move forward with the reconfiguration we're undertaking. The other thing I do think is important that you should know is that we have included some expectation that there could be some churn, right, with the GRI and the changing service. There are some customers that this might not work for, and we've taken that into account in our forecast.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Vernon from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning. So a couple questions for you here on this, on sort of the guidance and the growth outlook. When you think about the 10.8% margin that we're going to have for full year 2025, Brian, is there any way to think about what that number would look like if you had sort of adjusted the network at the start of the year, I'm just trying to get a sense for what the run rate level of margin would be if you didn't have the deleveraging that would ultimately come with lower volume? And then Carol, can you maybe talk about what the growth picture looks like X the glide down, there's a lot of concern in the market right now from investors around the organic or lack of organic growth in the small package business and I'm just trying to get a sense for what -- how you guys are thinking about the growth outside of the glide down in the next two years? Thank you.
Carol B. Tom: Happy to.
Brian Dykes: Sure. So why don't I take the margin question first, and Dave, I think what we've built into our forecast is we are going to be taking the fixed cost out commensurate with the volume drawdown as we go through the course of the year. Now, that will also accelerate as we go into 2026 and you'll see an improvement margin and as we said, we expect to get to the 12% as we go through 2026. I think what's really important is you take a step back and you look at what's going on, even though volume is going to decline relatively significantly in the U.S., rev per piece is going to go up 6% and that will be a combination of customer mix, product mix, but also the continuation of a good base pricing discipline that we've shown in the first quarter. And by taking this, I would say, relatively non-nutritive volume, we're unlocking the ability for us to control our margin profile as we move forward and really push it not just to the 12% but beyond as we move forward, we grow in the areas where it's most important for us.
Carol B. Tom: And David on the growth algorithm, the small package market excluding Amazon is projected to grow in the low single digits in 2025 and we project to take share. One area of share will be on SMBs. We're really proud of the performance we've seen with our SMB growth, nearly 29% of total business in the U.S. in 2024. We're going to take that up to 32% in 2025, ROA to 35% in 2026 and beyond. That's just one aspect of growth. We can look at it through a customer segment, or we could also look at it through capabilities. And this is what we're really focused in right now is focusing on complex logistics that differentiate us away from the rest of the competition. How did we grow SMBs, because we've invested in our digital access platform. We've invested in pricing architecture of tomorrow, which is moving us from the art of pricing to the science of pricing, allow us to put more potential bids through deal manager, winning more with less discounting, providing better service for that customer. We're also growing into the healthcare space, we're growing into the B2B space through store replenishment. We created a store replenishment system in 2004 with 15 retailers and almost 3000 stores across the nation, helping them with time definite delivery into their stores, which helps drive their productivity. So we're going to take share in this in the slower growth market, but we're not going to cap our margin, because had we not accelerated the Amazon volume down, we would be capping our margin in a slow growth market. So now we have an opportunity to grow and grow margin too. Now you might put the map together for David.
Nando Cesarone: David, I think it's important, because you're absolutely right. There's a lot of moving parts on how we go from 2024 to 2025. But if you look at the change in the revenue, the 91 to the 89 take SCS out of it, because that's really related to Coyote, and you've got about 1.5 billion of revenue decline associated with Coyote. And you just look at the domestic business, look the actions that we're taking with our largest customer, we are going to draw down revenue about $2.5 billion. And then we've got growth, right, that's going to plug that gap of over $1 billion, which as Carol said, is really focused in SMB enterprise, and these differentiated capabilities that are going to allow us to grow in the market and take share.
David Vernon: Alright, thanks. And if I could just squeeze one more in here, Carol, I think your point about share, the post office is raising rates to you and lowering service levels. Is it fair to think that they're doing that to the broader market as well which kind of increases some of the share take opportunity or is that not the right way to think about it?
Carol B. Tom: I think that's absolutely the way to think about it.
David Vernon: Thank you.
Carol B. Tom: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Moore from Jeffries. Please go ahead.
Joseph Hafling: Good morning. This is Joe Hafling on for Stephanie Moore. I maybe wanted to stick on that point on the SurePost and USPS. In the past, you had talked about handing off that final mile being really high ROIC for you guys. I guess, what's changed and maybe how you guys are operating the network now and bringing those volumes in house that you feel comfortable, kind of bringing in all those volumes and can still see good returns?
Carol B. Tom: Well, it first starts with service. We pride ourselves on service. We have the leading on time service of any competitor. And if you don't deliver on that value proposition, you can lose the business. So we wanted to first deliver service, but then we wanted to make sure that we can make a buck on this business too. So Nando you might just reemphasize how we're operationalizing the insourcing.
Nando Cesarone: Yeah, sure. So in the past, we'd really have only one shot to match a shipment to a UPS shipment, and that was the morning of arrival. Now we've got multiple days, and our technology is able to see through those days to match as many as we can. In fact, I think last year around 30% plus match. We're in the 50s now, and we continue to refine that number as we start looking at proximity deliveries to UPS already scheduled ground packages. And again, I think one of the bigger ones is just smoothing or the ability to smooth dispatch across the week, which avoids any spikes and therefore we don't need to staff up to one day of the week. In reality, we staff to the entire week, which brings its own inefficiencies. And look, we've got the best dispatch technology that any company would want to have, and we are utilizing it to the fullest extent and we don't mind what we see in terms of results right now. I think they've done a great job being efficient and putting that volume into our network.
Carol B. Tom: And Matt, you might talk about how we are priced relative to the market.
Matt Guffey: Yeah, so as Carol mentioned, look, we came out with the 9.9% GRI and we made sure that we aligned the value to service. Number one, what was most important is to protect the service of our customers that we just highlighted. But I'd ask you just to remember a couple things, SurePost is a product in our full portfolio. So when our customers buy, they don't just buy the SurePost product they also buy our ground residential, which is our premium offering. So both of these, the product was designed and once the way we price it to be, it's an economy product that is less time sensitive. But both ground residential and ground SurePost will provide service and reliability to our customers, and we price accordingly to the value.
Brian Dykes: And Joe on the ROIC point, I just want to point out, one of the things we take a lot of pride in is getting the most out of our assets at UPS. And you can see from our CAPEX forecast, we are not going to be adding assets for this volume. It fits into the network, and as Nando said we are able to work it into the dispatch. And we are focused on managing the capital base and driving ROIC higher, which you see in our 2025 guide.
Carol B. Tom: Yeah, we anticipate based on the numbers we've just laid out for you today, that our return on invested capital will grow about 300 basis points year-on-year.
Joseph Hafling: Great. Thanks so much for the thoughtful answer, guys.
Carol B. Tom: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey. Great. Good morning. Can you qualify what Amazon revenues were for the full year, I know this was the first time you gave a mid-year at 11.5%. I don't know if you gave a final year, but as Amazon takes back those volumes, can you maybe talk about competition now in different segments, I guess you've always said, the reason why they stick with you is you do different things for them, such as returns, pickups, things that they rely on you. Does this mean we should expect an increasing amount of competition in areas that you kind of had kind of moat around as your specialty versus the market, and how should we think about that from a competitive standpoint? Thanks.
Carol B. Tom: Yes, so for the full year, Amazon made up 11.8% of our total company revenue. From a competitive perspective, I think it's important to note that Amazon will remain a customer of UPS when we finish our accelerated glide down on those areas that are a win for us and a win for them. They have a one-way model as you know, and we can handle things today that they can't handle. Amazon, when you think of them as delivering packages, you think of them as a vertically integrated retailer, because that's what they are, ignoring their AWS business, but that's what they are, it is a vertically integrated retailer who needs some help with some things, and we're going to provide that help for them in a more nutritive fashion, when we reach the accelerated glide down. I will tell you Ken, this was not their ask, this was us, this was UPS taking control of our destiny. We'll be working with them, of course, on the accelerated glide down because they've got to figure out how to catch some of this volume. But we are not anticipating changes in the competitive environment as a result.
Ken Hoexter: Great. I guess if I could throw a follow in, the pace of the consolidated, the facility shutdowns, Nando you were talking about how you've already started that. Is there kind of numbers you can throw out, maybe update us on how quick you can get some of those out?
Nando Cesarone: Yeah, Ken, as I mentioned before, we've got a lot of stakeholders that we need to talk to related to the network reconfiguration. We're going to lay that out for you on the first quarter call. It's fair to say it will accelerate as we go through the year, especially in the second half and then into the first half of 2026. But give us until April, and we'll lay that plan out for you.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Thanks. Appreciate the time.
Carol B. Tom: Thank you.
Nando Cesarone: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ari Rosa from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ariel Rosa: Hey, good morning. So a lot of changes underway. Carol, I was hoping maybe you could paint a picture for us of how you envision the future of UPS, say five or 10 years from now. And specifically, you talked about some of these growth areas, maybe you could give us some color on how you see kind of the TAM of those growth areas, whether it's healthcare, SMB, and what role UPS plays within that market, such that the top line revenue growth doesn't experience the material decline that I think a lot of people are perhaps concerned about this morning? Thanks.
Carol B. Tom: Yeah. Thank you for that question. I love to talk about our future, because I think our future is very bright. We are leaning into the segments of the market that value our end to end network, but we're doing it through differentiated capabilities. And so when you think about the future of UPS, think about complex logistics where we are providing solutions for the segments of the market that no one else has. Think about RFID tagging, which started as a productivity initiative for us, has turned into an inventory management opportunity and benefit for our upstream customers. Think about healthcare. Healthcare is such an opportunity for us. The healthcare market growth slowed down a bit in 2024. The market grew 2.5%, we grew 5%, so our healthcare revenue for the year about $10.5 billion. We've got plans to take that to $20 billion by 2026 and the TAM, the addressable market just in complex is over $80 billion. To break down that $10.5 billion for you, we've got $5 billion in complex, we've got $1.5 billion in clinical, and we've got about $4 billion in non-complex. So we are going to over index on the complex and clinical over the next several years. As we think back now on these differentiated opportunities, international diversification is also an opportunity for us. A couple of years ago, we realized that manufacturers in China were moving to a China plus one strategy where they weren't exiting China, but they were moving manufacturing to other locations, like Vietnam. So we got ahead of it. We expanded our operations and we see in these trade lanes where we expanded operations, 20% growth, 30% growth. So international diversification is another opportunity for us. So this is not a company that's shrinking. This is a company that's gliding down its largest customer, but it's not a company that's shrinking. It's a company that's growing. Now we laid out some revenue targets and operating margin targets a year ago in March. We're going to hit the operating margin targets. We are absolutely confident on that. We will reset the revenue targets once we get through all of this, because we need to give you color and clarity as to where we're taking the top line. But there's plenty of growth ahead for us. A differentiated UPS, complex logistics which is the premium part of the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Carol, maybe I can pick up on that last point. I think the 2026 question is an important one, and I get the margin mix up as a result of some of the glide down here. But I guess as we think about this process, I mean, is there a way you can give us comfort that we won't be sort of in a flattish or maybe down earnings scenario for a multi-year period of time, so I guess, in other words, maybe more directly, can you grow earnings in 2026 and I guess if you can, can you walk us through maybe some of the parameters, I know you want to lay them out in more detail in April, but I think just given sort of the magnitude of what we're talking about here, some help around kind of guide points for 2026 I think are important?
Carol B. Tom: And I think that's absolutely a fair question. And as I talked about this last night, so we are like someone is going to ask this question, we need to come out and do that for you. Not going to do it on today's call. We need to come out and do that for you in a thoughtful way, so we can give you the TAMs, we can show you how we're growing. We can do that in a thoughtful way. Brian -- we'll figure out a time to do that this year, maybe at the end of the first quarter. We'll figure out a time to do that. But is there any color that you want to share right now?
Brian Dykes: Yeah. And Chris, and while we will absolutely lay out 2026 I just want to make sure that we're also clear on what 2025 is going to look like, because, we do have both plans as we draw down the volume, we'll be taking fixed costs out. We also have Efficiency Reimagined that we talked about that's going to drive $1 billion in cost savings through process improvement. That's also underway. We're starting to see results from it, and it's an exciting program because it makes us a much more agile organization. So as we progress through the quarter, we will expand domestic operating margin in every quarter of this year, right. We will expand it every quarter of this year, and we will finish with almost 130 basis points better than we finished last year. That's going to accelerate as we go into 2026 and we'll lay that out for you on the coming call.
Carol B. Tom: We're growing profit dollars, not just margin. We're growing profit dollars, and I think we're not shrinking the profit dollars, we're growing the profit dollars.
Chris Wetherbee: And that's something we can think about in 2026 as well?
Carol B. Tom: Yeah, absolutely, because we will accelerate the cost out related to the fixed cost.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Carol B. Tom: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Carol, you said a few times that this business has been very dilutive to margin. I'm just wondering, like, would you characterize this as a mid-single digit margin, a low single digit, a no margin business, that's the first thing? I totally get the mix impact here. But when I just think about price, right, if we're losing 10%, 15% of the volume, and we to some extent, need to backfill that does that in any way, change your pricing discipline? And then last thing I know, I'm asking a lot, but last thing, do you think we should just assume that the other 50% of this business goes away in a few years, when the contract comes up again?
Carol B. Tom: So I'll answer the last part first, I don't think so. Think about returns. We have 5200 UPS store locations that make it very convenient for customers of Amazon to return their Amazon packages. We do that very, very well for Amazon. So there's a place of harmony if you will between our two companies. So I don't think it will go all away. I think we're landing at the right spot with this accelerated guide down. I think it would be inappropriate for me to talk about the profitability of any account. This is extraordinarily dilutive, and I'll leave it at that. And perhaps you could back in to the number if you look at the percentage of revenue and the volume that we described, and that might help you think about the dilution. Brian, anything you want to add to that.
Brian Dykes: And Scott, I also wanted to because you asked about pricing discipline. And I think this is a really important point because we recently figuring the network to the new volume level. So we are not chasing volume in order to fill empty capacity. The capacity will adjust to the new volume level. And thats really a key point because we have some pricing discipline in the second half of 2024. We saw great revenue per piece growth in the fourth quarter and that is going to extend into 2025 and be a portion of the rev per piece improvement that we see. That pricing discipline is implemented. We've got processes in place, and we absolutely are going to continue to keep that going forward.
Scott Group: So you think you can reduce capacity, one for one with the volume drop here?
Brian Dykes: Yes.
Carol B. Tom: Yes.
Scott Group: Thank you guys. Appreciate it.
Carol B. Tom: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ravi Shankar from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shankar: Great. Thank you. Just a few things, you quantified the Amazon revenues a couple of times now. Can you quantify what percentage of the U.S. domestic volumes are Amazon because I think that's pretty important stat for doing the math here? And also to your point on the returns, I think Amazon did start trialing an in house return program last year. Do you see risk to that scaling up over time as well?
Brian Dykes: So Ravi, on the volume, if you think around 20% of the volume in the U.S. network 2025 depending on the time and the price, look on the returns and I'll let Matt talk a little bit about our returns portfolio in a second. But what I would say is, there's a lot of return solutions in the market. Here's what I know, our returns growth continues to grow with UPS Store. We have a great footprint. We have a great customer experience. And Matt, maybe you want to talk a little bit about how we've been adding to that.
Matt Guffey: Yeah, I think just Carol hit on it. When you think about the physical footprint that we have in the United States, 5200 stores give us access in the proximity to very, very close to most consumers in the U.S. And just the overall experience, right, is the key component. Returns in reverse logistics is hard to do, and this gives us a capability and we continue to build on that. Let me just give you one other example, though we've also added if you remember, we acquired Happy Returns. This compliments that returns experience, because now not only do you have the physical, but you can also do the digital, which is a no box, no label, which drives a much better experience for the consumer, for UPS, and for our customers as well. So we continue to add to this and believe that we have the best in class returns portfolio.
Carol B. Tom: And I might dimensionalize the glide down in a different way, just to help you in the modeling between 2021 and 2024 on average, we glide -- the glide down was about 250,000 packages per day per year. Between 2024 and 2026 on average and of course, this is not the average, it is just an average, but the average between 2024 and 2026 will be 1.2 5 million packages per day per year. So five times as fast as what we did before.
Operator: So your next question comes from the line of Brian Ossenbeck from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just a couple of follow-ups here. Given that big impact on volume and I'm assuming Amazon was a pretty big peaker during peak season. Can you talk about the broader implications for the network for peak season, I know you can give us more update in April after I'm assuming you speak to the teamsters about this big change, but can you give us a sense in terms of what may be complications you can encounter with that, can you still reach Sunday delivery with SurePost? Thank you very much.
Carol B. Tom: So from a peak perspective, we'll operate peak like we do every other year. We won't have as many leases I suspect but we will operate just like we do any other year. Nando, would you like to add?
Nando Cesarone: So regarding peak, we stretch our network with variable costs. So we'll rent equipment. We'll set up temporary sort facilities. A lot of that's not going to be required. We'll lease aircraft, we won't need to. We rent tractors and trailers and shifters and all that stuff from our vendors, and clearly as the volume settles, that's an opportunity for us to not rent those pieces of equipment this peak season. So I think we've built that little hedge for ourselves with the variable cost that we're just going to pull all that back in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bascome Majors from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Carol and Nando, I think we've seen more change in the parcel space in the last two years than the prior 15. Can we talk another big picture question here, when we roll out to 2027-2028 number one, do you think that we've seen the last of the big shoes to drop on some of the changes to the competitive landscape, cost structures, that sort of thing with you and your competitor or could there be more seismic shifts? And you already talked a bit on a previous question about where you think UPS wins in that long term landscape, can you talk a little bit about your competitors, like, where do FedEx ground and Ground Economy win and have an advantage, where does USPS ground advantage win, where do the regional or gig economy players win, just to think about the competitive landscape more holistically, longer term? Thank you.
Carol B. Tom: Well, there's a lot to that question, and we were focusing our comments today pretty much on 2025 and cheating in a little bit to 2026 but happy to think big picture on 2027 and 2028. I think the world is changing and the rate of change is accelerating. It's hard to imagine a big shoe to drop. I don't think we fully understand the impact of generative AI and what it can mean for productivity amongst industries broadly. Certainly it is an opportunity for us to drive productivity and a better customer experience. Would it put us at a competitive disadvantage to anyone, I can't see that. In fact, I think we're ahead of most companies in this space, but I need to be mindful that that's changing. We need to be mindful that trade follows policy, and tariffs aren't necessarily good for trade. So there may be changing trade lanes. I don't know if it's a big shoe to drop, but it could be changing trade lanes, but we do know of the largest trade lanes out in the world, they are in Asia, and we're expanding our air hub in Hong Kong, and building new and Philippines. So we're going to be ready to take advantage of these changing trade lines, however, they may come about. There's a lot of opportunity for UPS to grow in the differentiated logistics, complex logistics world. The capabilities that we are enabling throughout our business, it creates stickiness with customers like we've never seen before. Perhaps that's a big shoe to drop, because our churn improved more last year than it's been since I got here. So from a competitive positioning perspective, I do believe stickiness puts us at a point of differentiation. Now, perhaps when we come back Brian and do the addressable markets and where we're going to grow and the revenue, we can talk more about our competitive positioning. But trust me on this, we take every competitor and we tear it apart to understand where we may have a gap and how we might need to fill that gap. I'll give you two examples, in Europe last year, we didn't have an economy product, and that was a problem for us. So our IT team, working with our pricing team and our operating team in Europe, they fast tracked that didn't they Kate.
Kate Gutmann: Sure did, growing double-digit.
Carol B. Tom: Growing double-digit. We needed to offer a weekend solution. What did we do on weekend, Kate?
Kate Gutmann: Rolled it out, first mover in Canada and now in Europe and major countries, especially in Western Europe, and both of them exceeding the revenue targets and doing better on the cost side of it, because we just built it into our regular efficiencies that we do around the world.
Carol B. Tom: So if we see a gap that we need to fill, we do it.
Bascome Majors: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bruce Chan from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Yeah, thanks operator, and good morning everyone. I think it's very encouraging to see some of the proactive changes here, and maybe I'll just focus in on SPSF because it strikes me that the RFID initiative is very helpful in optimizing your assets to some of these fairly significant market developments. Looks like you're underway in Phase 2. So maybe what's the target for rollout across the entire package car fleet and any comments that you have around the timeline, especially in the Phase 3 would be great?
Carol B. Tom: So Nando, would you like to take that?
Nando Cesarone: Yeah, so we've got a schedule, of course prepared, a dedicated team to execute the changes as we talk about the changes to the Amazon and other changes here with SurePost. That schedule is completely linked to our financial plan, and we have full confidence that we can execute those changes. In addition to what Carol mentioned earlier, especially with RFID tagging, we've got an opportunity to pull customers in where the stickiness just becomes a real big discussion and decision if they ever want to really disconnect from that technology, because it's going to not just help delivery of packages, but also their back office environment, which we're really excited about.
Carol B. Tom: We should be rolled out this year. And from a customer stickiness perspective, Matt, you can give a couple of examples.
Matt Guffey: Yeah, yeah. So what Nando just highlights and Carol framed is it's really important, because we do get from RFID, we get some productivity benefits and efficiency benefits. But from a customer value proposition, it's resonating very, very well. When you think about how you connect this to our total value proposition in the B2B or commercial space, we typically think industrial and high tech in some of these areas, but retail is a big driver through store replenishment, and this has really enabled us to win in this space. We brought over and if you heard Carol in her opening comments, she highlights this, but 15 retailers that we've already on-boarded, and I would -- large enterprise retailers in the United States that really love the RFID capability, because they have inbound visibility to what's hitting their docks, and it allows them then to spread their workforce and how they inbound that volume. It also, again, it complements us from a commercial perspective, because we can deliver many packages to just one location. The last piece I would add on to that which when you couple this together, is we're able to give these retailers inbound delivery windows, and it allows them that flexibility, so you have the physical capability, but then you have the visibility through RFID. And we believe we're just on the edge of something great here to work with our retailers to continue to grow.
Carol B. Tom: So it improves their stockings, it reduces their labor hours. It's a win, win, win. So we'll continue to lean into that in a big way. And we're ahead of the game here when we look around the competitive landscape around the world.
Bruce Chan: Great. Thank you.
Carol B. Tom: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Oglenski from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hi, good morning, and thank you for taking my question. Carol, maybe just a quick two part one here on capital, given that you are right sizing the domestic network right now, what would be the right level of maintenance CAPEX for the business and is 3.5 the level you took it to this year, which is, I think, a pretty drastic cut from where you thought you'd be a year ago, is that sustainable? And then I guess, in that same context, how prudent is a $1 billion share repurchase this year with anticipated dividend payments of 5.5 billion, especially when your payout ratio looks like it's going to be approaching 80% of trailing earnings when I think you're targeting something closer to 50? Thank you.
Carol B. Tom: So on the capital side, Brian, I'll let you address that, and then I'll talk about the allocation of shareowners.
Brian Dykes: Sure. Yeah, Brandon, and thanks for the question, because capital management is very important to us. You see, we have brought down the capital now. What I will say within that CAPEX plan, we're fully funding network of the future, and I think along with this, in concert with the network reconfiguration, that's going to allow us to take that 63% of volume process through automated facilities up significantly as we rationalize less efficient conventional capacity. So we're fully funding that and we're moving forward with it. Where we are able to tighten up is the volume drawdown will allow us to operate with quite frankly, fewer vehicles, fewer aircraft, and fewer buildings. And that's what we're -- that's what we're anticipating. I think, as you think about going forward, we will be managing the capital base. So thinking about CAPEX in line with depreciation is where we think that we're going to need to manage it as we continue to automate, but also manage the capital base as we improve ROIC. That's realistic. And if you go back to Europe and kind of before we were allocating a lot of capital into a specific customer, that's kind of where we were.
Carol B. Tom: And to your question about, is it prudent to buy back shares, and what about your payout, and isn't it too high? I think it's important to note that we have a very strong liquidity position. We had a benefit from 2024 on a tax payment that we will pay in 2025 but if you push that tax payment back into 2024 we're actually generating more cash in 2025 than we did in 2024, strong liquidity with access to capital. From a dividend payout perspective, we're targeting 50% of earnings, and we're higher than that. It's important to note, however, that it's distorted because of the below the line, non-cash pension expense, and if you ignore the non-cash pension expense, the payout ratio isn't as high as it appears at its base. So plenty of liquidity to pay the dividend and on the share repurchases, the way we're thinking about it today is our compensation plans are dilutive from an EPS perspective, so $1 billion just basically protects the dilution. What Brian and I have talked about is, why don't we debt finance that because with the yield on the stock and the after tax cost of the debt, it's a really good trade, because the after tax cost of the debt is slower than the yield on the stock. So that's what we're thinking about in terms of how we would fund a share repurchase.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
PJ Guido: And Greg, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay, that question comes from the line of Jon Chappell from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chappell: Thank you. Good morning. Just quick market one. I understand that you implemented the GRI for SurePost, Brian, you talked about strong RPP growth of 6% for U.S. domestic, which is obviously going to be a big mix impact as well. But we're kind of hearing in the market and Carol highlighted some of the challenges on kind of core volume of some pricing pressure overall, just on core organic business. Are you seeing any of that, is there a little bit more competitive spirit out there, I guess, to kind of maintain and/or grow share, just given some of the challenges in the core markets?
Carol B. Tom: I think our fourth quarter results are proof positive of the strength of our pricing approach. We had very strong keep rates on our base rates, as well as our holiday demand surge charge. Our GRI on our core business is 5.9% for 2025. We're going to keep probably 50% of that. So the 6% RPP growth, you can break it down, a third, a third, a third, can't you Brian, why dont you go ahead and do that?
Brian Dykes: That's right. So if you think about where that is coming from, Carol is exactly right. It's about a third from the strong base race and look, there's nothing sexy about it. This is a grind, and Matt and I spend every Monday morning going through how we're seeing the market evolve, the pricing, and looking at how customer is performing. And we've created a lot of discipline around that, so it's a rational price environment, but we're getting really smart about how we do it, and that helps us get the key. Matt, I'll let you elaborate on it in one second. On the mix, on the other pieces, though, you've got a third that base rate. You've got a third that's customer mix driven, right. So, as Carol said, our focus on SMBs is allowing us to win there. And when you look at it, we won through peak and SMBs, and we also won it through peak on premium products, right, which is the other third of the rev per piece improvement. Matt, do you want to add anything?
Matt Guffey: I think you hit on two points that are important. One is, we just put a lot of rigor and discipline behind the pricing -- our pricing practices here and we'll continue that. To Brian's point, it is an interesting stat, because in Q4 we really leaned in on the premium segment. 60% of our wins in Q4 were in the premium segment. And that's focused on the products that value our end to end network what Carol highlighted as complex. The last thing I would just highlight is, look, we've talked to you about schedule tomorrow, which is our pricing technology. And we've talked to you about Deal Manager, which allows us the ability to leverage pricing signs for SMBs. Now with Deal Manager it's in the fourth quarter. 96% of our deals we've been able to price up to $10 million all came through Deal Manager, which allows us speed, we can turn time and we can customize them unique for the customers. So it's given us a lot of flexibility to drive the right value for our customers, but also align our costs and our prices.
Jonathan Chappell: Thanks.
Operator: I will now turn the floor back over to your host, Mr. PJ Guido.
PJ Guido: Thank you, Greg. This concludes our call. Thank you for joining and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good Morning, my name is Greg Alexander, and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. PJ Guido, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
PJ Guido: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS third quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; Brian Dykes, our CFO and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the Federal Securities Laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2023 Form 10-K and other reports we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion today refers to non-GAAP adjusted results. For the third quarter of 2024, GAAP results include an after-tax net gain of $36 million or $0.04 per diluted share, comprised of a $152 million gain from the divestiture of our Coyote Logistics business, net of transformation strategy costs of $116 million. Transformation strategy costs consisted of after-tax costs of $81 million related to our Fit to Serve program and $35 million related to our Transformation 2.0 program. Additional detail on our transformation costs and initiatives as well as a reconciliation of non-GAAP adjusted amounts to GAAP financial results is available in today's webcast materials. These materials will also be available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions] Please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now, I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome: Thank you, PJ, and good morning. On our last earnings call, we said that the second quarter would not only be the bottom, but a turning point for our performance and that we would return to revenue and profit growth in the third quarter, which we did. I would like to recognize and thank UPSers for their hard work and efforts. Their relentless focus on driving productivity while ensuring excellent customer service allowed us to deliver these results. In the third quarter, we faced a macro environment that was slightly worse than we expected. In the U.S., online sales slowed and manufacturing activity was lower than we anticipated. This slowdown in manufacturing activity was also true outside of the U.S. as we continue to see lower industrial production weigh on volume in certain geographies. But the macro-environment didn't prevent us from growing revenue and profit. As we leaned into the parts of the market that value our end-to-end network and we drove expense leverage through ongoing productivity initiatives. In the third quarter, our consolidated revenue was $22.2 billion, an increase of 5.6% versus last year. Consolidated operating profit was $2 billion, up 22.8% from last year and consolidated operating margin was 8.9%. In the U.S., this was the second consecutive quarter of average daily volume growth, and it was our highest year-over-year ADV growth rate since the first quarter of 2021. In International, average daily volume growth finished flattish and continued the upward momentum we've seen since the first quarter of this year. And in SCS, air and ocean forwarding contributed to strong revenue growth. Looking at the U.S., during the quarter, we focused on growing certain pockets of commercial business and grew B2B volume by nearly 1% compared to last year. One of the areas of commercial focus was retail B2B. Our B2B routes are in retail. In fact, we deliver merchandise to over 20,000 retail outlets across the country. To serve these customers, we offer a store replenishment with delivery window solution that provides retailers daily inventory replenishment within a two-hour window. Within this solution, we also provide visibility to the number of packages scheduled to be delivered. Our store replenishment solution, along with our RFID technology enables retailers to reduce stockouts and more efficiently run their receiving operations. This is just one example of how our customer-focused capabilities are enabling us to win new commercial volume. Now that U.S. volume is flowing back into our network, we have heightened our attention to revenue quality with a focus on the segments of the market we want to serve. You will recall that in the second quarter, we saw an unexpected surge of short zone lightweight e-commerce packages flow into our network. In the third quarter, we responded strategically, adjusting our pricing and optimizing our operating plans on a portion of this business. Further, we increased our focus on matching our pricing to the quality and attributes of the service we provide. We did this by leveraging the power of pricing science through our pricing architecture of tomorrow or AOT technology. Our revenue per piece growth rate improved in the third quarter from what we reported in the second quarter, and we expect this trend to continue. On the cost side, our team did an excellent job of managing expenses across the board. As it relates to our two major cost-out initiatives, we are continuing to deliver solid results. Fit to Serve, which was designed to optimize and rightsize our management structure, is slightly ahead of forecast. And with Network of the Future, so far this year, we've completed 45 operational closures, including nine full buildings that have been shut down. I'd like to give you a brief update on our customer-first, people-led innovation-driven strategy, starting with customer-first. As we discussed, we have a goal to become the number one complex healthcare logistics provider in the world. To that end, we said we would pursue certain inorganic opportunities and we have. Last month, we entered into an agreement to acquire Frigo-Trans, a move that will enhance our end-to-end temperature-sensitive healthcare capabilities across Europe. Today, 80% of pharmaceuticals in Europe require temperature-controlled transportation. Frigo-Trans offers pan-European cold-chain transportation as well as temperature-controlled and time-critical freight forwarding capabilities. Plus, Frigo-Trans has temperature-controlled warehousing capabilities with every temperature from cryopreservation, which is minus 196 degrees Celsius to ambience, which is about 25 degrees Celsius. We are targeting to close the Frigo-Trans acquisition in the first quarter of next year. Complex healthcare logistics is a growing business for us and we're continuing to invest in the capabilities needed to accelerate growth. We have dedicated healthcare facilities in 36 countries and provide specialized handling and visibility to our customers through our UPS premier product. In the third quarter, we generated $2.5 billion in consolidated healthcare revenue, which contributed to revenue growth across all three segments. Shifting to International. In time for the holidays, we've made several enhancements. In September, we expanded residential Saturday delivery to the eight largest markets in Europe without an additional charge. This enhancement meets our customers' need for speed, and we now provide a superior service offering. Further, we sped up deliveries to over 35 countries across Asia, Africa and the Middle East. And to meet the expected demand for this year's peak holiday season, we added over 200 flights connecting Asia to Europe and the U.S. Quickly touching on DAP, our Digital Access Program, DAP continues to deliver strong SMB growth in both B2B and B2C segments. In the first nine months of this year, we generated $2.3 billion in global GAAP revenue, and we expect to deliver over $3 billion in GAAP revenue for the full year. As you know, we have been onboarding our new air cargo business with the United States Postal Service. During the third quarter, our network planning teams worked closely with the USPS to ensure the transition progressed smoothly and it did. As of October 1, all contracted USPS air cargo business has been fully onboarded and we expect this business to deliver strong consistent revenue at an attractive margin. Moving to People-led. Since our founding, we've had a culture of driving safe work practices. And by using new technology and tools, we've seen a dramatic improvement in the number of injuries and accidents. For example, in the U.S., this year we've had our best auto safety results in 10 years. The advances in safety were achieved through innovative driver education and training, like our Integrad driver training schools. This focus on safety enables driver achievements like our Circle of Honor, which recognizes drivers with 25 years or more of driving without an accident. Today, our Circle of Honor has grown to nearly 10,000 drivers. Now let's turn to Innovation Driven, which for this call is all about the peak holiday season. This year's holiday season has only 17 shipping days between Black Friday and Christmas Eve. We haven't seen such a compressed peak since 2019. We do peak better than anyone and with six years in a row of industry leading service, we're confident our plans and execution will make that seven. To prepare, we've been collaborating with our customers on daily volume expectations and the timing of their promotions. While our customers are still expecting a good holiday selling season, recently, shippers have tempered their volume expectations. In any case, we'll be ready to deliver and we'll leverage our network planning tools and other proven technologies to control first how the volume comes in. Second, how to flow more volume to our automated facilities. And third, how to adjust the network to operate as efficiently as possible. And talking about efficiency. This year on our peak day, which is December 18th in the U.S. we expect to deliver 2 million more packages than we did on peak day last year, but we'll do it at a higher productivity rate. This will be possible due to the efficiency improvements we've made over the years and the use of seasonal support drivers, many of which are experienced part time UPSers who work inside our facilities. To sum it up, we're ready to deliver another successful peak. Moving to our financial outlook, we continue our better, not bigger approach, enhanced by some bold moves. The addition of the USPS air cargo business and the divestiture of Coyote are recent examples. With these moves, we eliminated a highly volatile truckload brokerage business and added air cargo volume that is predictable and margin positive. Looking at our consolidated revenue outlook in the third quarter, we increased our emphasis on revenue quality resulting in a glide down of certain volume which we expect will continue into the fourth quarter. Given our third quarter results, our latest peak volume expectations, and adjusting for the impact of the Coyote disposition, we now expect consolidated revenue of approximately $91.1 billion for the year and are lifting our consolidated operating margin target to approximately 9.6%. Brian will provide more details. So with that, thank you for listening. And now I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Dykes: Thank you, Carol, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I will cover our third quarter results, review our capital allocation for the year, and then I'll wrap up by providing additional detail for our fourth quarter and full year financial outlook. Starting with our results, in the third quarter, we returned to revenue and profit growth the first time in two years. Looking at our consolidated performance, in the third quarter, we generated $22.2 billion in revenue, an increase of 5.6% compared to the third quarter of last year, with all three of our business segments delivering revenue growth. Consolidated operating profit was $2 billion, an increase of 22.8% versus the third quarter of 2023, and consolidated operating margin was 8.9%, an increase of 120 basis points compared to the third quarter of last year. Diluted earnings per share was $1.76, up 12.1% from the third quarter of 2023. Now let's look at our business segment. In the U.S. domestic segment, our performance in the third quarter was driven by two factors. First was strong volume growth, the highest growth rate we've seen in more than three years. And second was excellent cost management, which resulted in a year-over-year decrease in cost per piece of 4.1%. U.S. Average Daily Volume or ADV increased 6.5% compared to the third quarter of 2023. Looking at product mix in the third quarter, ground average daily volume increased 8.9%, while total air average daily volume was down 6.3%. We continue to see customers shifting down from air to ground and some ground volume is shifting down to SurePost. Within ground, SurePost volume levels rose slightly compared to the second quarter, driven by growth in our Digital Access program. While SurePost volume comes at a lower revenue per piece, given the enhancements we've made to our matching algorithm, we were able to redirect more SurePost packages into our network, driving delivery density. For the quarter, B2B average daily volume was up 0.8% year-over-year, increasing for the first time in two years. Growth was driven by SMBs, which had an increase in B2B average daily volume of 3.8%. B2C average daily volume increased 11% year-over-year and made up 58.3% of our volume, a slight downward shift from the second quarter. In terms of customer mix, we saw ADV growth from both enterprise and SMB customers. SMBs made up 29.4% of total U.S. volume in the third quarter. For the quarter, U.S. domestic generated revenue of $14.5 billion, up 5.8% compared to last year, driven by strong volume growth. As expected, U.S. domestic revenue per piece was down year-over-year. In the third quarter, revenue per piece declined 2.2% year-over-year, but showed a 40 basis point sequential improvement from the second quarter. Breaking down the components, first, we took actions to address revenue quality, which translated into higher base rates. In the quarter, base rates increased the revenue per piece growth rate by 170 basis points. Second, the combination of product mix, lighter weights and shorter zones decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 300 basis points. And finally, we experienced a 90 basis point decline in the revenue per piece growth rate due to the combination of changes in customer mix and fuel. Turning to costs. As you all recall, the cost of our new labor contract was front end loaded. As of the end of July, we lapped the first year of the contract and for the quarter, Union wage rate growth slowed to 5.2% year-over-year. Productivity is a virtuous cycle at UPS and in the third quarter, we took several actions to drive productivity. Through our Network of the Future initiative, this year, we've completed 45 operational closures, contributing to an 8% improvement in pieces per workforce hour. While 8% might not seem like a big number, that translated into an efficiency gain of 11 million hours. Production improvements, including total service plan offset 50% of the Union wage increase and we continued to see positive trends in our safety performance, which contributed to lower expense. The U.S. domestic segment delivered $974 million in operating profit, a 46.5% increase compared to the third quarter of 2023, and the operating margin was 6.7%, a year-over-year increase of 180 basis points. Moving to our International segment. In the third quarter, our international business grew revenue and operating profit and expanded operating margin for the first time in nearly three years. This performance was driven by strength in exports in 13 of our top 20 export countries. Total international average daily volume growth continued its sequential improvement trend from the second quarter and was about flat to last year. In the third quarter, international revenue was $4.4 billion, up 3.4% from last year, with all regions growing revenue year-over-year. International revenue per piece increased 2.5%, driven by strong base pricing and the positive impact of region and product mix. Touching on costs, total international expense was relatively flat year-over-year, which was achieved by optimizing our network and our ongoing cost management efforts. Operating profit in the International segment was $792 million, an increase of 17.3% year-over-year. Operating margin in the third quarter was 18%, an increase of 220 basis points from a year ago. Moving to Supply Chain Solutions. In the third quarter, revenue was $3.4 billion, up 8% year-over-year. Looking at the key drivers, air and ocean forwarding revenue was up 15.1%, driven by strong market demand out of Asia. Logistics delivered revenue growth driven primarily by the impact of the MNX acquisition and onboarding of USPS air cargo contributed to revenue growth in SCS. Partially offsetting these gains was weaker performance at Coyote, our truckload brokerage business and the completion of the sale in mid-September. In the third quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated operating profit of $217 million, down $58 million year-over-year, primarily driven by our efforts to configure our air network as we onboarded the USPS air cargo business. Now that we have fully onboarded this volume, we expect it to generate consistent revenue and we expect an attractive margin on a consolidated basis. For SCS, operating margin in the third quarter was 6.4%. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $230 million of interest expense, our other pension income was $68 million, and our effective tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 21%. Now let's turn to cash and capital allocation. So far this year, we've generated $6.8 billion in cash from operations and free cash flow of $4 billion, including our annual pension contribution of $1.4 billion. We refinanced $1.5 billion in current maturities year-to-date, and we finished the quarter with strong liquidity and no outstanding commercial paper. So far this year, UPS has paid $4 billion in dividends. And lastly, we've completed our targeted $500 million share repurchase program in the third quarter, which brings us to our outlook. In July, we provided an update to our full year financial targets based on global economic forecast and our performance in the first half of the year. Now looking ahead at the full year, we have updated our outlook to reflect three things. First, our third-quarter results and the focus on revenue quality; second, the sale of Coyote; and finally, new softer peak volume forecast from our customers. At the consolidated level, we now expect full year revenue of approximately $91.1 billion. Due to our focus on revenue quality, coupled with the efficiency of our integrated network and our ability to manage costs, we are lifting our consolidated operating margin expectation to approximately 9.6% to align with these new volume and revenue expectations. Now looking at the segments in the fourth quarter. Starting with U.S. domestic, we expect the combination of both volume and revenue per piece growth to increase revenue by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. We expect to generate a fourth quarter operating margin of approximately 9.5%, and we now expect the operating margin in December to be slightly higher than 10%. Looking at International. We expect the positive volume momentum we've experienced throughout the year will continue. With that in mind, we expect fourth-quarter revenue growth to be up mid-single digits year-over-year and we still expect around a 20% operating margin in the fourth quarter. In Supply Chain Solutions, we expect revenue in the fourth quarter of around $3.3 billion, which takes into consideration the disposition of Coyote, and we expect to generate an operating margin of approximately 9%. Turning to capital allocation. For the full year in 2024, we expect free cash flow to be around $5.1 billion after the $1.4 billion pension contribution we made to fund annual service costs. Capital expenditures are expected to be about $4 billion. We plan to pay around $5.4 billion in dividends subject to Board approval. And lastly, we expect the tax rate for the full year to be between 23% and 23.5%. With that, operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of David Vernon from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hi, good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking the time and taking the questions. So when we think about the ramp here from 3Q into 4Q, the operating profit guidance sort of suggests a close to a 50% bump from 3Q to 4Q. Can -- Brian, maybe can you walk us through some of the drivers of what makes that look realistic? And then if you think about that -- those drivers taking hold, how does that affect sort of the shape of profitability as we carry into 2025?
Brian Dykes: Sure. Thank you, David, and I appreciate the question. And yes, we do have an increase from Q3 to Q4 on the profit side. And really it's driven by a couple of things. One, as we mentioned, this focus on revenue quality and the moves that we've made to drive revenue improvement, both through pricing policy as well as the take rate that we're seeing on HCS coupled with the acceleration of Fit to Serve and Network of the Future and just the productivity initiatives give us the incremental bump over the normal seasonality. We feel very confident in both of those and we're seeing them actually start to come through in the third quarter and early in the fourth quarter on the revenue side. And you can see from our cost performance, we feel that the Fit to Serve and NOS stuff is sticking very well.
David Vernon: And then how that's going to affect sort of into 2025?
Brian Dykes: Yes. And so as we roll through '24, you can see that we've raised the consolidated margin. We do expect the domestic margin to be around 9.5%. And now we do expect to exit the year higher than -- slightly higher than the 10% that we guided to before. We'll come back to you as we get through peak on '25, but we want to close out peak first.
David Vernon: All right. Thank you.
Brian Dykes: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe can you expand a little bit more on the softness you're seeing into peak season? What type of themes and concerns maybe you're hearing from the customers as they sort of dialed down their expectations on volume? And maybe within that a broader comment on the pricing and the surcharges ticking if you're getting more pushback on that or seeing more trade-downs at this point? Thank you.
Carol Tome: Well, I'll start with the customer feedback. We work with a little over 100 of our customers who represent 60% of the volume in our network, but 85% of the peak surge. So we develop operating plans for each of these customers. And these plans have been in process now for months. As the year has progressed, they continue to tighten up their forecast and we just received their last forecast on October 2. And their forecast have been tempered and we believe it's driven by a couple of factors. First, external forecast for the holiday season have come in. In fact, the forecast for ESMO in the fourth quarter is now about 3%. Earlier in the year, it had been about 5%. If you look at just the peak part of the holiday season, forecasts are all over the board, candidly from a low of 2% to a high of 11% and SMB Global has it at about 3.5%. Part of this, we believe, is influenced by the tight compressed peak period. There are only 17 shipping days between Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve. And what forecasters and some of our customers are saying is because of the tightness of the shipping season that many customers will go into a store to complete their holiday purchases. The consumer actually is in pretty good shape, but we think there'll be some dynamics in how the consumer shops during the peak season. So it will still be a good peak. In fact, in our prepared remarks, we called out that on peak day, we'll deliver 2 million more packages than we did last year. It will still be a good peak, but just not as dynamic as people thought at the beginning of the year. Whatever happens, we're prepared. We're prepared to handle the volume. And then on the pricing surcharge, we're seeing a really good take rate on the pricing surcharge for the holiday, I should say. And maybe Matt Guffey is here. Matt, perhaps you want to comment on the holiday surcharge?
Matt Guffey: Yes, absolutely. So first off, we're working closely in collaboration with all of our customers. Carol talked about the top 100, which are extremely important just due to the peakiness that they bring during the season. But we've really worked again. We've got a good structure and a process in place where we can manage our holiday demand surcharge at the customer level and we have a lot more flexibility to work with them as we go through the peak season. Look, at the end of it, it's all about us creating -- continuing to drive value and -- with our customers and to deliver a great peak. So we're staying close on the forecast, but also working very closely with them on this holiday demand surcharge.
Carol Tome: And we're seeing a good keep rate on
Matt Guffey: Very -- yes, very, very good keep rate, probably one of the best keep rates we've seen, so.
Brian Dykes: And Brian, I would just add that we're on our plan, if you remember, there were changes because of the compressed peak that opened the peak -- the holiday demand surcharge to a larger set of volume, right, and that's what drives some of the incremental outperformance year-over-year that you're seeing.
Carol Tome: Yes.
Brian Ossenbeck: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to drill down a little bit on the cost improvement on a per piece basis in domestic, so down about 4%. It was better than what we were looking for. I guess maybe two pieces to the question. How do you think about that progress potential in the fourth quarter? And then maybe widening out a little bit with some of the initiatives that you're working on bigger picture about managing the footprint as well as maybe the headcount, how do we think this can trend as we move into 2025?
Carol Tome: So why don't you take the fourth quarter question and then we'll turn to Nando for some thoughts.
Brian Dykes: Great. Yes, thank you. And yes, it's a great question because the cost performance in the third quarter was outstanding, right? And I think there's a couple of dynamics that are going on. As we said in our earlier remarks, we lapped the contract at the end of July, right? So you start to see that high wage inflation that we talked about in the second quarter as being 12%, now coming down to 5.2% and we will now get a full clean quarter of wage inflation at a normalized level in Q4. But also, as we mentioned, we've accelerated Fit to Serve and are now outperforming our forecast as well, as you'll see from the Network of the Future discussion that -- we've closed more sorts and we've closed more buildings. So we're pulling that forward, which helps in the cost performance. As we carry into Q4, we do expect to have strong cost performance. We'll probably be up about 1% per piece, which is still going to be less than our rev per piece growth rate. So we'll maintain a positive spread, but it'll be a little bit more normal as you go through it. Nando, you want to talk a little bit about network in future now we're pulling things forward?
Nando Cesarone: Yes. Thanks, Brian. And look, you may be asking how are we able to have 45 operational closures and nine buildings that we've closed. We are moving much more volume about 5% through our automated facilities and we're also making sure that our legacy of production indices are performing the way we expect them to perform. The teams are doing an excellent job allowing us to really shrink the network and be a lot more productive. Safety of course helped. And at the end of the day, it comes down to hours and people, and we were down about 11 million hours compared to the last year. So really just an excellent job all around. And the last thing I would say is there's nothing that we're overlooking so every piece of our business, from car wash to automated dispatching, we are prepared for all of it and looking and scrutinizing all of that cost and finding some good improvements there.
Carol Tome: All the while maintaining outstanding service levels, which is job number one for UPS. And just to put the 5% number that Nando mentioned into perspective, he's talking about automated volume through our hubs, right. And we now processed 63% of the volume in our hubs in some sort of an automated way. That's up 5 percentage points from a year ago. That's pretty good.
Brian Dykes: Absolutely. And look, we've got 21 active projects here in this quarter. You would think it's peak season. Why would we take that undertaking? We have full confidence that that's going to provide very good productivity improvements. And then next year, we're accelerating and pulling in the number of projects that we can execute in 2025.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz from UBS. Please go-ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning and congratulations on the strong results. I wanted to ask a bit about, Carol, you started the call. I think you commented about some industrial economy weakness. You're clearly doing some idiosyncratic -- excuse me, idiosyncratic things that are going well. How do you think about as we go into 2025, how much of margin improvement would be in your control? And if you don't see improvement in macro, is it reasonable to translate improvement in revenue per piece and network of the future, those things to margin expansion? Thank you.
Carol Tome: Well, I think our team has done a masterful job of managing a very choppy environment over the past several years, actually. And as we think about our business outside the United States, we saw improvement in every quarter this year. In fact, our export business grew in the third quarter and domestic was down just slightly. So, Kate, maybe you want to talk about how you would manage the business outside the United States if the industrial production remains softish?
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. And I think the quarter was a good example of that. The macro indicators have come down, but yet we've expanded the revenue, profit and margin in the international business and posting an 8% margin. We intend to continue to run those same plays. Let me go into a few. Just as Nando indicated, on the domestic side, 60% of our volume goes through automated hubs and that's for the domestic and transporter of all of our large international volume markets. And then on the air side of the house, we continue to show that revenue quality matters, especially when you have expensive assets and we align with demand. So we had strong rev per piece for international we held our cost CPP flat and so delivered operating leverage. We would continue to do that into the next year.
Carol Tome: And in-markets that are soft to win, you gain share. And you gain share not by dropping price, but by actually increasing your capability. And our Saturday delivery is one example of that. We are the only carrier that offers standard Saturday delivery at no charge in these eight markets. And that's driving some nice performance, isn't it, Kate? We just started it.
Kate Gutmann: It really is. And so Europe and Canada exceeding expectations, unlocking more of the customer share of wallet and in the premium spaces too. So cross border trade we're seeing growth with the expansion of our service out of Asia to Europe as well as throughout intra-Asia we've made the lanes faster and as a result that premium unlock and by the way with rev per piece growing. So we feel good about the equations and we'll definitely continue it.
Tom Wadewitz: Do you -- I don't think I asked the question well. I actually was thinking a little bit about domestic in terms of the margin.
Carol Tome: So I think in the domestic side, productivity is a virtuous cycle here. And as Nando pointed out, there's nothing that's not under review, right. Everything is under review and we continue to drive productivity that exceeds our expectations. Brian, anything you want to add?
Brian Dykes: Yes, I would just say so. So if you remember, look, we've got a contract that locked up that we have known costs for the next four years for 60% of our domestic cost structure. With the focus on revenue quality and our ability to win more and win new in the places where we really want to, like you saw in the third quarter with commercial and SMB commercial growing -- starting to grow again, we do think we have the ability to: One, continue to take action to drive rev per piece ourselves as well as Carol said, productivity -- production is a virtuous cycle with a known cost structure as we go into '25.
Carol Tome: And we like that commercial business. We -- it's got a more dense delivery metric associated with that, in other words, more packages per delivery. And one way we can win commercial is with new capabilities. So we had a big win in the third quarter and the determining factor for this customer to come into our network were our RFID labels. So that's a new capability that we didn't have before.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Conor Cunningham from Melius Research. Please go ahead. Conor Cunningham, your line is open. Check your mute button. Okay, we'll move on. We'll go to the line of Jordan Alliger from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes, hi. Morning. Question for you. So a little bit more on the U.S. Postal onboarding. If I could maybe if you could share some of the experience. I know you had the upfront step up costs, but as it's still, a few weeks in, perhaps talk about how the operations are going there. Is it delivering on the profit levels that you had talked about and just any general thoughts around how that's going to contribute going forward? Thanks.
Carol Tome: Well, as you point out, Jordan, we did have a bit of a transition in the third quarter. The USPS contract with their previous carrier expired October 1st. And we didn't want to wait until October 1st to onboard that volume because peak is right around the corner. So we agreed with the USPS that we would operationalize this service to them, while over-time, they onboarded their volume. And it was over-time, actually, we didn't get much weight until September. So there was a mismatch between our operational model and the volume. But now the volume is all in. So the fourth quarter is going to look a lot different than the third quarter did. And from a performance perspective, Nando, you just met with the Postmaster General. And so tell us what he said.
Nando Cesarone: Sure. So as early as yesterday, we meet face-to-face and yesterday the purpose was peak planning. So both teams face-to-face in DC and we're working really well. Professionals on both sides that have executed a very difficult plan and made it look very, very simple. Feedback from the Postmaster General himself has been positive and we see the resources that we've applied are in-line with what we had modeled when we have accepted the business and the contract was negotiated with the USPS. So good things ahead for that contract.
Carol Tome: And I just can't overemphasize the heavy lift here. In fact, it was over 50 million cubic feet that we had to take into our network in the third quarter and there'll be more obviously in the fourth. So job well done by our team in working with the USPS as well.
Nando Cesarone: Absolutely.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bascome Majors from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Thanks for taking my questions. Just to follow up on another piece of the postal service relationship. Can you talk about where you are in negotiating the delivery service agreement that enables SurePost in Sunday delivery with their effort to renegotiate some of those contracts? And maybe along with that, what challenges does that create either on cost-to-serve or Sunday delivery operations, but also what opportunities might that create for your own trucks to deliver more packages in the marketplace in a world where the post office is seeking to retain more upstream business and push customers into that? Thank you.
Carol Tome: Well, thanks for the question. And Matt, why don't you take on this question?
Matt Guffey: Yes. So first-off, so we -- to Nando's point, we had an opportunity to meet with the PMG yesterday. We continually work to find a mutually agreeable agreement for both USPS and UPS. More work to be done, but we are moving very, very quickly and hopefully, we'll have this to a close in very short order.
Carol Tome: And to your question about what challenges and what opportunities, I think it's some and some. I think it's some and some. And so once we get this contract agreed to, we'll show you what those sum and some are, but we're confident we can work through this.
Bascome Majors: In the expiration, I believe you've said before, it's at year-end. Can you confirm roughly when we should hear more on that and what the go forward relationship will be?
Carol Tome: Yes, you should hear something about it in our fourth quarter earnings.
Brian Dykes: Yes. No impact in the fourth quarter. We'll tell you more about it when we come back with the fourth quarter earnings in January.
Bascome Majors: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ari Rosa from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ari Rosa: Hi, good morning. I was hoping if you could give us a sense of how much excess capacity you see in the network right now. Just trying to understand how you're thinking about planning kind of given the weaker outlook in terms of both customer demand and also industrial production and some of the weakness in the macro. How do you think about kind of matching resources to that lower volume? And do you think you're carrying excess resources right now?
Carol Tome: So I think our team has done an excellent job of taking capacity out of the market. In fact, with 45 million -- 45 operational closures, it's about 1 million ADV per day of capacity that we've taken out of the market and we see capacity rationalization happening in other parts of the market as well. Clearly, it's peak time. So we're all adding resources to handle the surge in the holiday, but capacity is coming in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hi, thanks, good morning. So how much, if any, does the new USPS contract help the fourth quarter U.S. margin just with the cost allocation? And then I don't -- Carol, I just -- big-picture, right, you're now saying margins in the U.S. in Q4 are going to be -- they'll be slightly positive. We've now lapped the Teamster contract, yields are now turning positive. That's good. Peak season surcharges. Just big picture, like when do we start to see more meaningful margin improvement? Does that start right away in '25? Or does that take some more time?
Carol Tome: First, why don't we address the path to the fourth quarter?
Brian Dykes: Sure, sure. So, hi, Scott, and thank you for the question. So on the USPS contract, so we put a network in place that was all part of the plan. There's no incremental impact to domestic in the fourth quarter from the USPS contract. The cost that we -- the cost that Carol referred to was start-up costs associated with getting the contract stood up that was -- that impacted SCS, doesn't impact domestic. And in the fourth quarter, we'll see SCS go back to 9 -- about 9% and domestic to around 9.5%. So I don't think that's going to impact us there.
Carol Tome: No. And then in terms of when are we going to see more meaningful margin expansion, let us get through the fourth quarter and then we'll give you our outlook for 2025.
Scott Group: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephanie Moore from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about our domestic RPP trends throughout the quarter. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about how they trended as the months progressed and really what this means for 4Q and your thoughts into 2025 if you have them? Thanks.
Brian Dykes: Sure. Thanks for the question, Stephanie. Yes, so we saw positive momentum going from Q2 to Q3 in domestic rev per piece. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks, really when you think about what happened in the base rate, in the second quarter, base rate added about 90 basis points of improvement to rev per piece. In the third quarter, that jumped to 170 basis points. Now as we translate into the fourth quarter, we actually expect rev per piece to inflect positive in the U.S. and that's really driven by a couple of things. Look, we talked about actions that we were going to take around specific customers that were enabled by our architecture of tomorrow and the work that we've been doing and investments have been made to create more sensitive demand channels, DAP and AOT and the modifiers. And we're leveraging those in order to make adjustments to help drive rev per piece. The other thing is what we're doing on the surcharging and the GRIs that we will continue to see lift as we go through the fourth quarter and into '25. So look, it's a positive trajectory on rev per piece and it's clearly an area of focus as we move from our year-one to our plus two strategy.
Carol Tome: And pricing architecture of tomorrow is really moving from the art to the science of pricing. And one of the elements of this architecture are modifiers that we use, modifiers that can provide discounts to our customers or modifiers that allow us to increase the price. And I'll just give you a real life example of what happened in the third quarter to help you understand. In the third quarter, we had a discount modifier that we adjusted, basically test the elasticity. We reduced the discount by 25%, which increased the RPP by 12% and reduced the volume by 26%. We liked that trade. And because it's a modifier, it's not a contract that has to be reopened and renegotiated. You just adjust the model. And this is just one element of pricing architecture of tomorrow that we will use not only in the fourth quarter, but in '25 and beyond.
Stephanie Moore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Imbro from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Joe Enderlin: Hi guys, this is Joe Enderlin on for Daniel. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask another one actually on revenue per piece. One of your peers noted increased price competition in the market. Just are you seeing any of that today? And then do you think we've felt peak trade-down pressures yet?
Brian Dykes: So I'll start on the price pressures. Look, we -- just in a very price-competitive industry, but we think it's very rational, right? And when you look bid-for-bid and product-to-product, it is very rational. We know we have to win on capabilities and that's where we continue to add. With every customer every day, it's -- you got to deliver service to do it. It starts with us with service and then we add incremental capabilities like RFID to win where we really want to win most. And I point that as Carol mentioned, we've had big enterprise commercial wins through that. We also have seen commercial now grow nearly 1% for the first time this year as we really started to catch that from the contract, that's been a big momentum point. And then specifically, SMB commercial growing 3.8%. Those sorts of things allow -- the capabilities that we have, allow us to win more and win new in those areas that help drive rev per piece growth despite a very competitive rate environment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon Oglenski from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking the question and congrats on growth for the first time in a couple of years here. Good to see. Carol, I think you mentioned something about enterprise customers. And I know in the past, you've talked about glide down. So can you just put that in context as you head into 2025? And then just very quickly on Fit to Serve, I didn't get it, but is that going to incrementally deliver more in the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Carol Tome: So first on the customer glide down, we have, as you know, been in a glide-down arrangement with our largest customer and they continue to be our largest customer. I think it's fair to say that we have seen them drive a lot of the reduction in our air volume. In fact, if I look at the third quarter performance, 100% of the decline in air volume was down about 6.5% that is attributable to the largest customer. So they, like many, trading down from air to ground and in their case, a little bit of ground out to their own network. But we're fine with that because it creates opportunity for us to grow in other areas. And then looking ahead...
Brian Dykes: And then on the Fit to Serve point, yes, so we do expect about $70 million incremental to go about $350 million in the fourth quarter, and we've seen great progress with that program.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Adam Rakowski: Hi, good morning. This is Adam Rakowski on for Ken Hoexter. You noted in the release that you are a - scope of the Fit to Serve initiative, which previously called for a reduction of about 12,000 positions. Could you just expand on what that means? Is there -- has that actually accelerated this quarter? And just any thoughts on how you would expand the scope and what you would target there? Thanks.
Carol Tome: So you're just asking for a status update on Fit to Serve?
Brian Dykes: Sure. Yes. On Fit to Serve, as we said, we have pulled forward incremental savings opportunities. We are -- we hit the full run rate that we expected. We will have some incremental benefit as we wrap into the fourth quarter, but we're continuing forward with it as planned.
Carol Tome: And to your question, do you have additional opportunities. We are an opportunity rich company. And as you heard from Nando, we're looking at all opportunities to drive a better experience for our customer and actually higher productivity,
Brian Dykes: Greg, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from the line of Ravi Shankar from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shankar: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So maybe just to follow-up on the holiday side, I think you announced a pretty big step up in your hiring for the first time in many years. I know it's a peak compressed -- compressed earnings peak season. But what's the logic behind that, if you're seeing a little bit of a reduction in customer experience or expectations on volumes here, how do we think of squaring that? And is there like a minimum surcharge bogey you guys need to kind of COVID the extra costs? Thank you.
Carol Tome: So last year we announced that we were hiring 100,000 for the peak holiday season and our ADV declined 7.4%. This year we announced that we're hiring 125,000 and our ADV will be positive. So it's not out of the realm of reason that we should hire more people this year than we did last year. But this is what you need to know. We will hire what we need for peak regardless of where the volume actually ends up. We're not going to over hire for peak. We will hire what we need. And what we've done over time, Ravi, is we've added this amazing capability where within just a few -- less than an hour, just a few minutes, we can actually get a job offer out or we can rescind a job offer so we can flex up or flex down the way we need to. And Nando, would you like to add anything?
Nando Cesarone: Yes. I would just say the number also includes a favorable employee mix. So this year, we're adding -- we're going to increase our helper teams with our drivers by about 10%. That's not a small number. So a big percentage of our volume will be delivered by helpers, seasonal helpers that can deliver at Christmas time and we've amped that up and make sure that we've got every position optimized and that is the number, as Carol had said, and we're going to deliver a great peak season.
Ravi Shankar: Thank you.
PJ Guido: Thank you, Greg. This concludes our call. Thank you all for joining and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise and after the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. PJ Guido, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
PJ Guido : Good morning and welcome to the UPS Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; Brian Dykes, our new CFO, and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the Federal Securities Laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our Company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2023 Form 10-K and other reports we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion today refers to adjusted results. For the second quarter, GAAP results include an after-tax charge of $120 million or $0.14 per diluted share, comprised of a one-time payment of $94 million to settle an international regulatory matter, and transformation and other charges of $26 million. A Reconciliation to GAAP financial results is available on the UPS Investor Relations website and also available in the webcast of today's call. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions] Please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome : Thank you, PJ, and good morning. Let me begin by welcoming Brian Dykes as UPS's new Chief Financial Officer. With over 25 years of multinational experience with the company, Brian brings deep financial and strategic experience to our executive leadership team. Welcome, Brian. Our second quarter performance was a significant turning point for our company as we returned to volume growth in the United States the first time in nine quarters. I would like to recognize and thank UPSers for their hard work and efforts in delivering these results. At the beginning of the year, we shared our outlook for 2024 based on four key planning assumptions. The first planning assumption acknowledged the front-loading of costs associated with our new labor contracts, which we believed would cause our financial performance to reflect a bathtub effect, with first half 2024 earnings down as much as 30% and second half earnings returning to growth. In the first half of the year, our earnings were in-line with the down 30% scenario. The second assumption was that we would return to volume growth, which we did in the US, during the month of May. Further, while international volume growth in the second quarter was down 2.9% year-over-year, we saw growth in certain markets. The third planning assumption was based on our fit-to-serve initiative to right size our management structure. And we are on track with this initiative to deliver roughly $1 billion in savings by the end of the year. Finally, we said we would explore strategic alternatives for Coyote and we did, leading to a pending sell to RXO, at considerably more than our carrying value. So the key assumptions we used to build our plan are holding with one distinction and that's US volume mix both in terms of product and customer segmentation. During the quarter we experienced a shift toward value products with shippers choosing ground over air and SurePost over ground. And there was also a notable shift in product characteristics with a surge in lightweight short-zone volume moving into our network. We will discuss the full year impact of these shifts in a few moments. But let me first highlight our second quarter results and then provide a few updates on our longer-term strategies. In the second quarter, consolidated revenue was $21.8 billion, a decline of 1.1% versus last year. Consolidated operating profit was $2.1 billion down 29.3% and consolidated operating margin was 9.5%. At our March Investor Day, we set forth our declarations to become the premium small package provider, the premium logistics orchestrator, and the Number #1 complex healthcare logistics provider in the world. To that end, we said we would pursue certain inorganic opportunities and we have. As you've seen, we just announced our plans to acquire Estafeta, a leading domestic small package provider in Mexico. This is a big win for UPS and it's a big win for our customers. By combining Estafeta with the end-to-end services we already have in Mexico and connecting it to the global reach of our integrated network, we will greatly enhance our logistics orchestration capabilities for customers that are shifting manufacturing and distribution closer to the United States. We are targeting to close this acquisition by the end of this year. Let me share a few other strategic updates starting with customer first. In healthcare we just opened our first dedicated healthcare facility in Dublin, Ireland. This 82,000 square foot facility provides storage and fulfillment for a range of complex pharmaceutical and healthcare products. And in the Netherlands, we increased the size of our flagship facility in Roermond to now more than 235,000 square feet, including expanded ultra-cold storage capabilities to support the growing market of complex biopharma products. Looking at SMBs, we continue to add partners to our Digital Access Program or DAP, meeting small businesses where they are. In the first six months of this year, DAP generated $1.5 billion in revenue and we are well on our way to achieving our 2024 DAP revenue target of over $3 billion. And because speed will always be important to our customers. In the US, we expanded our weekend service offering to six additional markets. With this service, we provide deliveries one day earlier than competitors who don't offer weekend pickup services. In fact, we are the only private US-based carrier that provides both commercial and residential pickup and delivery services on Saturday as a general service offering. Outside of the US, we are continuing to enhance our portfolio to support our customers as they balance the need for speed with cost. For example, in record time, we launched enhancements to our worldwide economy service globally. This is an e-commerce solution for non-urgent cross-border shipment. Here we created a true door-to-door service with customs clearance and delivery fees baked into the solution, making the experience simpler for the shipper and the receiver. In Asia, over the last several quarters, we've made a series of network enhancements with the latest being in Taiwan. Because Europe is a top three export destination for Taiwan, we've expanded our capacity by 30% and extended pickups to as late as midnight. These enhancements enable our customers, including high-tech manufacturing and automotive shippers, to better serve their European customers by reaching their destination in just two business days. And in supply chain solutions, we've expanded our supply chain operations at our Frankfurt Airport Gateway, by adding nearly 25% more warehouse space. This facility is a major SCS hub for central Europe where it connects all transportation modes. In this expansion, we can now provide even greater flexibility to the region's growing technology and healthcare industry. And importantly, also in SCS, we are onboarding the new USPS Air Cargo business with plans to be fully implemented before peak. The onboarding has gone well and we continue to expect this business to be margin accretive for the company. Now let's turn to innovation driven and progress with Network of the Future. In the first half of 2024, we completed 35 operational closures, which included closing five buildings. And we are on plan to complete an additional five operational closures in the second half of this year. Simultaneously, were continuing to automate more of our operational tasks. For example, in the US, we are automating the dispatch process for our packaged car and feeder drivers to reduce dispatch staffing by half. We deployed Phase 1 of the project and so far this year we've reduced staffing by 26%. As we continue deployment, we expect to achieve our reduction target by 2026. As a reminder, these actions are outside of fit-to-serve and are part of Network of the Future. Lastly, touching on Smart Package Smart Facility, which is our RFID solution, we are moving from a scanning network to a sensing network. As we've discussed, we're adding RFID readers to our package cards, but we're not stopping there. We're moving upstream. First, we are enabling customers to print RFID labels themselves. Second, we are installing readers at customer dock doors. This will enable immediate visibility as our trailers are loaded for pick-up. This solution provides a significant competitive advantage to us and to our customers. Moving to our financial outlook, Brian will provide more details but let me share a few highlights. First, while we have entered into an agreement to sell our Coyote business, we are retaining Coyote revenue and earnings in our outlook until the transaction is consummated. Second, while our first half earnings were in-line with the low end of the guidance we provided, our revenue came in just short of the low-end. Given the current volume momentum we are now experiencing in our business, we are resetting our revenue guidance, taking us to the midpoint of our original revenue guide. But for operating profit, as we look to the back half of the year, in the US, we expect the same volume mix characteristics as we had in the first half of the year, which compresses revenue per piece growth. While we still expect an operating profit bathtub effect with solid earnings growth in the back half of the year, the growth rate will not be as high as we projected at the beginning of the year. Accordingly, we are adjusting our full year operating margin guidance to reflect the nature of the volume flowing through our US Network. As a result, we now expect consolidated revenue of approximately $93 billion and a consolidated operating margin of approximately 9.4%. Importantly, we expect to exit the final month of 2024 with a US operating margin of 10%, which creates a solid footing as we drive the US business to a longer-term operating margin target of 12%. One last comment before I hand the call over to Brian. We believe it is important to have a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation with the first uses of capital going back to the business and to pay our dividends and then any excess cash being used for share repurchases. As we have fine-tuned our capital requirements for Network of the Future, we expect to spend less than we originally anticipated. Further, with the pending sale of Coyote, we expect to free up cash that was not in our original guidance plan. As a result, we are restarting our share repurchase program with the intent of repurchasing about $1 billion of shares annually, including roughly $500 million in 2024. So with that, thank you for listening and let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Dykes : Thank you, Carol, and good morning everyone. First, I'm very thankful for the opportunity to lead the global finance organization and work with the entire leadership team to achieve the targets we set. We have a lot of opportunity in front of us and the right team to achieve our goals. I'm also particularly eager to meet our investors as I hit the road over the next few weeks. This morning I'll review our second quarter results, provide an update on capital allocation and lastly, provide additional detail for our 2024 financial outlook. First, our results. The second quarter represented an important turning point for our business. In the US, volume inflected positively and it was the last full quarter of the high wage growth rate associated with the first year of our new Teamsters contract. Outside the US, we saw pockets-of-demand improved in each export region driving growth in many of our more profitable lanes. Additionally, through our fit-to-serve initiative, we reduced our workforce by over 11,500 positions which has translated into approximately $350 million in savings for the first half of 2024. And as Carol said we are on track to deliver roughly $1 billion in savings by the end of the year. Looking at our consolidated performance. In the second quarter, revenue was $21.8 billion, a reduction of $237 million compared to the second quarter of 2023. Consolidated operating profit was $2.1 billion, down 29.3%, and consolidated operating margin was 9.5%. Diluted earnings per share was $1.79, down 29.5% from the second quarter of 2023. Now let's look at our business segment. In the second quarter, US average daily volume increased 0.7% year-over-year. This marks a return to positive volume growth for the first time since the fourth quarter of 2021. And sequentially, when compared to the first quarter of 2024, the average daily volume year-over-year growth rate increased by 390 basis points. At the beginning of the year, we expected to see three things in the second quarter; volume growth, growth in B2C and relatively consistent product mix to what we had experienced last year. While we saw strong volume growth in the second quarter led by B2C, it came with a different product mix. For the quarter, B2C volume increased 4.8% year-over-year and made up 58.5% of our volume, an increase of 220 basis points from a year ago. This growth was driven in large part by several new e-commerce customers that entered our network. B2B average daily volume finished down 4.6%. Returns remained a bright spot and increased 3% year-over-year. From a product perspective, we saw customers trade down between services. Specifically, we saw customers shift from air to ground and from ground to SurePost. As a result, total air average daily volume was down 7.8%, while ground average daily volume increased 2.3%. Within ground SurePost average daily volume grew 25%, driven by new shippers product choices, product trade downs and easier comparisons due to last year's decline in volume during our contract negotiations. By enhancing our matching algorithm, we saw an increase in the percentage of SurePost packages redirected to UPS for delivery. As a result, SurePost redirect increase returning to 2020 level. Turning to SMBs. We saw the trend from the first quarter continue with total SMB volume down until June when it flipped positive. And in terms of total volume, SMBs made up 29.7% in the second quarter. For the quarter, US Domestic generated revenue of $14.1 billion, down 1.9% compared to last year. Revenue per piece was down 2.6% year-over-year. Let me break down the components of the revenue per piece decline. Base rates increased the revenue per piece growth rate by 90 basis points. The combination of product mix, lighter weights and shorter zones decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 310 basis points. The remaining [40] (ph) basis point decline in the revenue per piece growth rate was due to the combination of changes in customer mix and fuel. Turning to costs. Total expense increased 3.2% in the second quarter. Union wage rates increased 11.7%, driven by the contractual increase that went into effect in August of last year. The US Domestic team took several actions and executed on productivity initiatives to partially offset the increase in compensation rate. We leveraged total service plan and network planning tools to reduce total operational hours by 1.4%, while volume grew 0.7%. Through Network of the Future, we had 17 operational closures in the second quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to 35. And because we're routing more volume through our automated facilities, we've permanently closed five buildings so far this year. We lowered block hours by 12.5% versus last year and we recorded our best auto safety results in 10 years, driving a better outcome for our people and a better long-term cost picture for UPS. Putting it all together, due to the actions we took in the second quarter, we held the cost per piece growth rate to only 2.5% even as union wages increased nearly 12%. This is the lowest cost per piece growth rate we've seen in more than three years. The US Domestic segment delivered $997 million in operating profit, down 40.7% compared to the second quarter of 2023, and the operating margin was 7.1%. Moving to our International segment. The second quarter was a turning point for our International business well. For the first time in 10 quarters, 11 of our top 20 export countries demonstrated year-over-year average daily volume growth, including several key markets in Europe. At the region level, Asia grew average daily volume and revenue in the quarter. And in the Americas regions, we continue to see solid signs of the shift in nearshoring. Looking at volume in the second quarter, International total average daily volume was down 2.9% year-over-year which is half the decline we saw in the first quarter of this year. About three-quarters of the decline in the second quarter came from lower domestic average daily volume, which was down 4.4%, primarily driven by Europe. On the export side, average daily volume declined 1.5% year-over-year. However, on a sequential basis from the first quarter, export average daily volume improved 210 basis points. While overall export average daily volume was down in Europe, in Germany, our largest export market, outbound grew 1%. In Asia export average daily volume increased 1.7%. And within Asia, export volume on the China to US trade lane increased 20.6%. This is the third consecutive quarter of volume growth on this lane, which is our most profitable lane. And looking at the Americas region, export average daily volume increased 5%, which was the sixth consecutive quarter of growth. As we see the shift in nearshore and continue to take hold, our announced acquisition of Estafeta will further enhance our end-to-end services in Mexico. In the second quarter, International revenue was $4.4 billion down 1% from last year, primarily due to the decline in volume. Revenue per piece increased 2.4%, driven by strong base pricing and the positive impact of region and product mix. In the second quarter total International expense was relatively flat year-over-year. Here we leverage the agility of our integrated network to manage block hours down 2.1% compared to last year. Operating profit in the International segment was $824 million down $78 million year-over-year. Operating margin in the second quarter was 18.9%. Moving to Supply Chain Solutions. In the face of a dynamic market, we remained agile and leaned into areas of growth. In the second quarter revenue was $3.3 billion, up 2.6% year-over-year. Looking at the key drivers. Within international air freight, strong e-commerce demand particularly in China outbound, drove an increase in volume and lifted market rates as demand outpaced capacity, resulting in an increase in revenue. On the ocean side, total volume and revenue was down year-over-year. However toward the end of the quarter, demand on Asia outbound lanes improved and drove market rates higher. Our truckload brokerage business known as Coyote, continued to face market pressures, which drove revenue down. And then logistics revenue grew driven by the impact of MNX and Health care. In the second quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated operating profit of $243 million, down $93 million year-over-year reflecting market conditions, Operating margin was 7.3%. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $206 million of interest expense. Our other pension income was $67 million. And our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 23.4%. Now let's turn to cash and capital allocation. Year-to-date, we've generated $5.3 billion in cash from operations and free cash flow of $3.4 billion. We finished the quarter with strong liquidity and no outstanding commercial paper. In May, we successfully issued $2.8 billion of debt to refinance $1.6 billion in current maturities which will shore up additional liquidity and support our acquisition strategy. And in the quarter, we announced that we would be outsourcing the asset management portion of our pension plan in order to focus squarely on our core business, while adding more expertise and oversight that will benefit UPS retirees. Lastly, so far this year UPS has paid $2.7 billion in dividends, which brings us to our outlook for the second half of 2024. Global economic growth forecast remained relatively unchanged in the back half of 2024. According to S&P Global, global GDP is expected to grow 2.7% for the full year 2024 and US GDP is expected to grow 2.4%. Additionally, as we've discussed we still expect the US small package market excluding Amazon to grow by less than 1%. Looking at our business in the first half of 2024, revenue was below our expectations and operating profit was at the low end of the range we provided and finished down about 30%. Based on our performance in the first half of the year combined with our expectation that the product shift we experienced in the US will continue through the rest of 2024, we have updated our guidance. This includes moving to a point estimate because it represents our best view of the many moving parts within our business. We now expect consolidated revenue to be approximately $93 billion, and because the volume characteristics are different from what we originally anticipated, we now expect a consolidated operating margin of approximately 9.4%. Our guidance includes roughly $1 billion in savings from fit-to-serve. And as Carol mentioned, Coyote revenue and operating profit remains in our guidance and will until the transaction is executed. Looking at the segments. In US Domestic, we anticipate back half 2024 revenue growth of around 5%, driven by strong volume growth. As you update your models for US Domestic there are a few things to keep in mind. First, we expect average daily volume to grow by mid-single digits. Second, well anniversary the first year of the Teamsters contract on August 1. Next, product mix is expected to continue to pressure revenue per piece. However through expense management and slowing labor inflation, we expect to grow third quarter operating profit by double digits and exit the year with a US operating margin of 10%. And lastly, we expect a strong peak driven by volume growth and demand surcharges. Within the International segment, our full year and second half outlook remains consistent with what we provided at the beginning of the year. For the second half of 2024, we anticipate volume growth rates will inflect positively and the revenue growth to be in the mid-single digits. Operating margin in the second half of the year in the International segment is anticipated to be approximately 20%. And in Supply Chain Solutions, in the second half of 2024, we expect revenue to be over $7 billion and an operating margin in the high-single digits. Included in our guidance is the newly won air cargo business from the USPS, which will be fully onboarded by the end of the third quarter. And lastly, we expect the tax rate to be approximately 22% for the remainder of the year. Turning to capital allocation. For the full year in 2024, we expect free cash flow to be around $5.8 billion before any pension contribution. We've tightened our capital expenditure forecast and now expect to spend about $4 billion. We plan to pay out around $5.4 billion in dividends, subject to Board approval. And given our strong liquidity, while we originally had not planned to repurchase shares, we now plan to repurchase approximately $500 million of shares this year. With that, operator, please open the lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session. Our first question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah. Good morning. I wanted to see if you could offer some more thoughts on what's happening with domestic package volume and the mix effect. If I look at the core ground, so excluding SurePost it looks like you saw a decline sequentially. So let us say, 2 point -- excuse me, 12.3 million pieces a day in 1Q to 11.7 million, if I exclude SurePost. So do you think -- is that just market weaker? Or is that kind of competitive performance? So just wanted to see if you could offer more thoughts on what's happening in domestic package volume. And then maybe why -- what are key levers to see that mix performance improve, as we look at second half. Thank you.
Brian Dykes: Yes. Thanks, Tom for the question. I think when you look at the domestic volume performance from the second quarter and then going forward. In the second quarter, there was really two big impacts that were driving the change. One is we did see customers favoring our more economical products, so going from air-to-ground, and within ground, from ground to SurePost. And that was across the broad base of customers. We also saw an acceleration of new entrants, new e-commerce customers that were coming into the market that are quite frankly running a different model than our traditional customers and are highly leveraging our SurePost product. So we saw an acceleration of SurePost. The growth rate is also complicated as you think about what happened in the second quarter of last year because of the type of customers that diverted early. As we were approaching the Teamster contract, it does also skew the growth rate. As we move forward and you see -- you can see it in our forecast and within the guide, that we do expect that mix to rationalize as we move towards the end of the year. And we've got line of sight to that in our pipeline and are working to actively pull those through as we kind of balance the mix of products going into the second half.
Carol Tome: And maybe a couple of other comments about just the volume. As you saw our commercial business was down year-on-year, although the rate of decline has moderated greatly. As we look to the back-half of the year, we expect that to improve. Our pipeline is quite robust. So we expect to see good movement in that space.
Tom Wadewitz : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yeah, hi. Good morning. Just again on the trade-down from more premium products to economic products, what changes customer behavior to go back? And is it simply the economy? And then what are your thoughts on sort of the B2B side of the equation which I guess is still under pressure? Do you anticipate a step up with more of a focus on just-in-time inventory, a need to move things quicker from that end? And when would you think that timing could look better? Thanks.
Carol Tome: On the B2B front, as we discussed it was down year-on-year. Part of that was because of customers who left us during the contract negotiation that have not returned. They left us, they locked themselves into long-term contracts and they have not yet returned. That just gives us an opportunity to win them back for the excellent service that we provide. We've also seen some dynamics within the B2B space occur recently within poolers, companies going out of business like overnight which gives us an opportunity to bring that business back into our network. It's already starting to flow. And as I mentioned, the pipeline of commercial accounts is robust. So we expect that to improve dramatically in the back half of the year. On the RPP, it is really interesting. We've had these new e-commerce entrants into the United States. And their volume, well, it is exploded. It was certainly more than we anticipate flowing into our network. So in -- to your question, is this a phenomenon forever? I don't know. It depends on what consumer demand will be. But we are going to focus on the parts of the market that really value our end-to-end service and expect to see some of the pressure that we saw on the RPP in the second quarter moderate. And Brian, maybe you can give a little bit more color on what we think the RPP will look like in the back half of the year.
Brian Dykes: Yes. So as Carol mentioned, yes we do expect our RPP growth to moderate in the back half. And actually, as we move from kind of the negative 2.6% that we are at to almost approach breakeven as we get towards the end of the year. And there is a couple of pieces of that. Carol had mentioned the B2B piece. I would say, the bright spot within B2B is returns, that improved 3%. And we are seeing uptake with the addition of Happy Returns into the portfolio. And as that pipeline builds and we start to see that pull through, that continues to accelerate our B2B business. The other thing I would say is that we do have a strong pipeline of ground-ready products. And what happens with the SurePost product is, it allows you to get new customers in, leveraging that. We get the integration into their systems, we get the pickup process set up, and they become part of the UPS portfolio but then allows us to expand that as we go through the cycles.
Carol Tome: And maybe one other comment about SurePost because the question may be, do you like that product. We actually like the product. It provides a steady solution for us. We also through our matching algorithm, we can redirect the packages back into the ground network. And in fact, the redirect percentage was 40%. So that's returning back to levels we saw during the COVID.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hi, great. Good morning. Hello Brian, I guess the spread of margins, can you talk about kind of the reaction we should see in third quarter? I guess typically, we see maybe 100 basis points pullback. I just want to get seasonality or kind of flow that we should expect through the year. And then I think you mentioned the 90 basis points of pure pricing. I want to understand the margin impact there. Is that just a fraction of GRI? Has that shifted as well? Thanks.
Carol Tome: So maybe I'll talk about the RPP and then you can talk about the margin. So on the base pricing, there are many dynamics on the base pricing. First, we were up against very tough comparisons from a year ago. Why? Well, you'll recall that our volume declined in the United States in the second quarter by almost 10%. And this was related to noise around the labor contract negotiation. If you look at who declined during that time frame it was predominantly dual-sourcers, who are low GRI customers. So last year's base pricing was a bit artificially inflated because it is just the mix change. If you roll forward now to this year, what you see in the base pricing is, okay the tough comparisons year-on-year, as well as new entrants that don't have a GRI because they are starting to ship with us for the first time. And then finally, if you zoom out and say well, what's the keep rate looking like on those customers who have a GRI? The keep rate is looking at about 50%. So as we get past this time frame and get into an easier compare, that's why we think our base rates can improve dramatically in the -- from where it was in the second half. And maybe you can talk about the margins.
Brian Dykes: Yes. And Ken I'll give you a little bit of shaping for how we think the second half is going to go because we do have confidence in how we are going to be able to pull-through the margin. First, if you think about in the US from Q3 to Q4, we expect ADV to be up around kind of mid-single digit. We do -- as we just talked about, the decline in RPP growth will moderate, so about negative 1.5% in the third quarter, negative 5% in the fourth quarter. And as we get to peak and we see the holiday demand surcharges, we expect that to get even better. And we expect op-profit to be up kind of double digits in Q3. And then December as Carol mentioned before, we're going to hit a 10% operating margin. In International, Q3 ADV is kind of flat to slightly positive year-over-year, with Q4 up mid-single digits and the RPP growth of 1% to 2% year-over-year in the second half. Our Q3 op margin is in the high teens and then getting to over 20% in Q4. So continuing that strong momentum in International. And then we expect a mid-teens revenue growth in SCS and stronger year-over-year profit growth in Q3 and Q4 with the second half up about 20%. And look, I think we've got a lot of confidence that we can pull through the second half forecast for a couple of reasons. One is we've got line of sight to the volume. We've shown the volume has been building. We've got a line of sight to the volume that we need to deliver the top-line. And that helps offset some of the RPP growth, and you can see that in the guide. On the cost side, fit-to-serve is on track. We have reduced 11,500 or 90% of the resources that we had anticipated. And then we've also got line-of-sight to revenue improvements that are in the pipeline as well that are going to help us drive better profitability as we get into the second half. So we absolutely feel confident that we are back to the point of revenue growth, profit growth and back to margin expansion in the US.
Carol Tome: And just one other piece of color, don't forget that we are anniversarying our labor contract on August 1. So the pressure associated with that contract moderates dramatically in the back half.
Brian Dykes: That's right.
Ken Hoexter: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good morning. Two parter if I may, please. Given -- I mean, you've done a pretty good job of kind of managing your largest customer in terms of size. Will you be looking to also meter the growth from these new e-commerce customers as part of better, not bigger if the mix is not being helpful? And second question is can you help us dimension the size of returns in your operation either in terms of volume or revenue please? Thank you.
Carol Tome: So first in terms of our largest customer we have a very good relationship with that customer, and the revenue for the quarter was at 11.5% of total revenue, so about the same as it was a year ago. And we look forward to continuing to optimizing the relationship we had with that customer. In terms of the new e-commerce entrants that have come into our network, were focused on serving the segments of the opportunities that really respect our end-to-end network, and we will continue to do that. One reason why we are leaning so hard into health care, another reason why we are leaning so hard into SMBs. And I couldn't say enough goodness about our SMB business, particularly our digital access program where the revenue grew 7.7% year-on-year. We now have 38 partners around the world in that program and over 5.8 million shippers on the program. Returns Brian, do you want to comment on that?
Brian Dykes: Yes. So Ravi we don't -- returns rolls up into our B2B product and also into the ground commercial breakout that we give. Look returns is a portfolio that UPS has had for a long time that we continue to add to and be a leader in. It's one that we've continued to see growth in B2B even when we have, had pressures in other parts of the business. And it leverages not only are kind of single piece returns and technology capabilities that enable customers to integrate with their process, but also the UPS store footprint which allows us to have a very unique returns offering. Now when you add Happy to that, we are able to do consolidated returns, it really becomes a unique portfolio that provides growth in B2B.
Carol Tome: And Matt Guffey is here. Maybe, Matt, you want to comment on Happy Returns and how that's going -- the integration is going.
Matt Guffey: Absolutely. So Happy Returns integration has been extremely important. Remember, we made that acquisition last November. We turned on all 5,200 stores in a matter of eight weeks, which gives us great scale. And with this to Brian's point, it's just not about the digital capabilities, but it is also about that physical footprint and the experience that you can drive for not just the consumer but also the shipper. So we continue to see growth from the Happy Returns portfolio and -- but it also complementary to the single piece returns as well. So as we think about no box, no label and consolidation, we are also doing the no box, no label single piece. So it allows consumers and shippers to get the benefit on -- and managing the rules on how they want the returns to come back to them.
Ravi Shanker: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hi, thanks. Good morning. So Brian can you just clarify, you are saying that US package EBIT will be up double digits. Are you sort of pointing us towards that -- around that 10% growth rate and then just because double digits is going to obviously mean a lot. And then bigger picture, Carol. At the Analyst Day, you talked about industry oversupply, we are seeing negative yields. It doesn't feel like there is a lot of pricing power right now. But in that context, your -- the peak season surcharges coming are really big. And we were surprised by the magnitude of them. So I guess my question is like are we at an inflection point where you think you can start pushing price more aggressively? And this is a turn? Is this just a unique quarter with a compressed peak? I just want to understand the peak surcharges seem to go in contrast with what we are seeing in underlying price and yield right now. And I just want to understand if we are at a turning point.
Carol Tome: Well, let's talk about the margin first and then we will talk about peak.
Brian Dykes: Yes. So Scott I think what I was talking about was the shaping of Q3 to Q4. And in Q3 yes, we expect domestic package EBIT to be up in the 10% to 15% range. And then for the -- and then it will moderate a little bit. The growth will moderate a little bit in Q4 as the comp levels out. And Carol, do you want to --.
Carol Tome: I'll be happy to talk about peak. So it is a condensed peak. It is the most condensed peak since 2019. There are only 17 days between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And as we look at the volume projections for peak, were expecting on our Peak day, which is December 18, has the highest volume ever in our network. Now when you have that kind of volume flowing to your network, you actually have to charge to service them well because you have to hire people and lease aircraft and delivery vehicles so on and so forth. So we think that the prices are going to stick because of what the environment is telling us from a demand perspective. I would also say candidly, they are up against very easy comparison last year. Because, as you recall, well we peaked, volume was declining in the network. So the year-over-year comparisons and the fact that this peak is tight gives us confidence. That being said we also have an opportunity to price -- moving from the art of pricing to the science of pricing through the new tools that we have been talking to you about. Pricing architecture of the future gives us the opportunity to use modifiers and price that creates opportunities for value for our customers, as well as value for ourselves. That plus deal manager, which has been a huge home run for us. We are winning more deals at less discounts than we have in the past. And Matt, maybe I'll turn it back over to you for a comment on price.
Matt Guffey: Yes. So first off, we think we are competing in a rational pricing environment today. And to Carol's point, I think about it in three segments, once she hit on some of the mediums. We also talked about our Digital Access Program, where we have the ability to leverage the architecture of tomorrow. And the way to think about the technology, if I could just to give you context, is the technology gets dynamic pricing across all customer segments and all channels. So we've leveraged it to win in the Digital Access Program, Carol highlighted deal manager. How you think about now moving forward, which I think is really exciting for us is now we have the ability through the modifiers that she highlighted, to dynamically priced across our enterprise customers to better align our price to our cost to serve, while also providing the best value for our customers.
Carol Tome: So hopefully, that's helpful, Scott.
Scott Group: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hi, good afternoon or good morning and thanks for taking my question. So Carol, when you came in, there was a lot of focus on value over volume. But here we are guiding down the back half on really easy comps through growth in lower-value volume. Has something changed to your focus for the company? Like what should investors take away from this sort of -- what seems like a pivot towards chasing volume again?
Carol Tome: Yes. So we are not chasing volume. We actually accepted new customers into our network of with certain volume expectations that blew up on us. We are not chasing it. It is just their demand was much higher than we had anticipated. And so we are laser focused -- focusing on the segments of the market that value our end-to-end network. Better not bigger has not gone away. We'll be managing through this. We need to manage through it and we will be managing through it. So don't read anything into this other than we had new customers come in to our network whose volume blew up. And we were able to serve that with the best on-time service of any carrier.
Brian Dykes: And Carol, if I can just add one thing because I think the value of the volume is also very important. And while we had a lot more shippers in the network, it is important to reinforce this point that SurePost rides in the same theaters and the same hubs that all the other packages do and it helped us drive incremental productivity. Our cube utilization was up in the feeder network. Our hub productivity was up, our preload productivity was up. And when you look at what that does with cost per piece, the US business was able to hold cost per piece to a 2.5% growth rate in the face of a 12% increase in compensation rate. So that alone is huge. Then you layer on top of that the impact it can have on the delivery side with the redirect and really driving stop-and-route density. It's -- the volume generates productivity improvements throughout the entire network, now we have the ability to manage as we move forward.
David Vernon: So I mean, I guess I appreciate that. But when you think about the guidance you just gave for 3Q being 10% to 15% off a really low base, it just doesn't seem like it is dropping to the bottom-line. And that's what investors are looking to capitalize your earnings, not necessarily productivity or cost per piece growth.
Carol Tome: Yes. No we appreciate that. We do. There are a number of actions that we can take to address this. But we thought it was important to provide guidance today. Is that the most realistic view of the back half of the year. It doesn't mean that this is the future of our company. In fact, as we mentioned we will exit the US with a 10% operating margin. That's a significant change from where we have been.
David Vernon: Got it. Thank you for the time.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Yeah. Thanks, good morning. Maybe touching on that last response, Carol. What are some of the things that you can do to adjust to the network changes that we're seeing and the product mix changes that we're seeing? Is your ability to pull forward fit-to-serve, cost takeout some of the other network structure changes? I guess just how do you fix profitability running at that low level as it is right now?
Carol Tome: So one way is to accelerate Network of the Future. And I get a review from the team every two weeks on what we are doing in that regard, while we committed to five additional closures in the back half of this year, I think there is an opportunity to do more. Nando, would you like to comment on that?
Nando Cesarone: Yes, there sure is. And look -- I would just say the operators and the engineers are in tiptop shape right now. And our network is matching to the actual activity that is occurring. But I will tell you there is additional opportunity. As we've closed 35 operational operations this year, we've got additional in the second half. But also, we are starting online 23 new projects that is going to drive additional automation into our efficiency. And so as you start to see the efficiency unfold, we talked about the hours versus the volume, our air volume versus block hours. And of course there is a lot of discussion about SurePost, we're up 300 basis points, making sure we are matching that product with every other package in our network to reduce our operational costs. So as we find those opportunities, we continue making sure we're pressing forward. And for what it's worth, the value of all of that is one, very efficient, very safe and pleasing network to our customers.
Carol Tome: And Kate, the same is true outside of the United States. So what cost down activities are you focused on?
Kate Gutmann: Yes. So Carol, I think the important move that we made at the start of the year that is playing out in the second half, and you can see it in the margins, of course is the flattening of our structure. We actually  we are focused on how do we speed up from the customer to the decision-making. And we eliminated a whole layer throughout the world, and we are getting great feedback both from the customer, as well as from our people. One example of that also playing off of what Matt talked about with deal manager, we have actually shaved off two weeks of pricing time internationally. International is very complex. Every bid is different countries and different cost structures. To be able to do that and get it down now into two-day turn time or less for our SMBs, that's why we're seeing an over 60% SMB mix in the international arena as well. So both sides of the profit equation.
Carol Tome: Productivity is a virtuous cycle here at UPS. I think we've shown that we can drive cost out, and we will continue to do that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bruce Chan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Hi, thanks operator. And good morning everyone. Brian, you talked a little bit about the line of sight on volumes in the back half. And I'm wondering if maybe you could give us a bit more color on where RPP or yield trends have been moving into the third quarter so far. And I ask this because I think we saw a little bit of a deterioration, maybe a surprise deterioration on those metrics. Last quarter, it seems like that was not expected. So I'm just kind of curious, what makes you so confident that mix issues and the trade down issues that surprised us have kind of stabilized here and won't continue to deteriorate? And then maybe just worth a shot here, but is it possible to talk about what domestic volume growth would have been without that e-commerce customer?
Brian Dykes: So certainly, on the first point around the RPP growth rate, I think when you take a look at the second quarter you do have to remember the comp is a big issue in the second quarter. And we did see quite a shift from Q1 to Q2. And as we go into Q3 and Q4, we do expect the growth rate to moderate -- sorry, the negative growth rate to moderate. So it will improve to about negative 1.4% in the third quarter negative 0.4% in the fourth quarter and that will continue to improve as we go through the back half. There is a couple of things that are going on there. One is we absolutely have line-of-sight to new customers that are going to be coming on that normalize the mix of volume that we have. And also we have seen the wave of these kind of new entrants come into the market, and the volume levels are stabilized. And we are working with those customers on what those forecasts look like in the back-half, so we have better line-of-sight to that. Related to your second question we invited these customers into our network. I think the idea of what they would look like if they weren't there, it doesn't really matter right? Because they are there -- we found a way to make this volume very efficient within our network. And look, we'll continue to grow in the places of the market that are growing faster.
Carol Tome: And just on the line of sight question, we've really tightened up the visibility as to when we win an account versus when it actually comes into the network. I will say we -- our visibility there wasn't as sharp as it should have been, so we've gotten much better now. And we are holding everyone accountable for getting the cardboard onto the package car. And that makes a -- well it may not be cardboard, it may be a poly bag, but the package on to package car. So I feel much better than I have over the past several years, candidly in terms of our visibility on onboarding.
Bruce Chan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Carol, following up on the pipeline. You mentioned that several times in terms of the visibility, the types of customers, the confidence coming through there. Maybe you can elaborate on that last comment, given just how that one large customer or e-commerce customer surprised the upside when volumes blew up. And then separately, can you give us an update on the USPS contract, how it is going so far, any surprises and whether or not that was a big contributor to the updated '24 guide. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Yes. So to be perfectly clear, there were two new e-commerce customers that came into our network. And you can imagine who they are. These are new e-commerce shippers in the United States whose volume has been quite explosive. We are working through those relationships as we speak. As it relates to the USPS, Nando, would you like to comment on how that's going?
Nando Cesarone: Sure. I think because with regard to the USPS, both teams are actually face-to-face planning and executing so far close to 50% of the change. And we'll continue pushing forward. We'll be fully implemented in terms of the UPS network in place to serve the USPS on September 8 and contract really starts officially 10/01, where we'll see the -- all of the volume come over to UPS. So far, in recognition of two parties getting together for the first time in this regard, there's been some bumps but nothing systemic. So it's working out really well on both sides, professionals from the USPS and UPS, really doing some good work there.
Brian Ossenbeck: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi everyone. Thank you. I was hoping you could provide some color just on revenue contribution for Estafeta and then maybe price paid. And then just bigger picture, how you are viewing the M&A landscape now. Are you happy with the portfolio? How are the returns of the businesses that you have or are acquiring holding up right now? Thank you.
Carol Tome: So we're super excited about the Estafeta announcement. Acquiring companies in Mexico isn't easy. The team has worked very hard to get us to this point, and we'll work through all the closing conditions. We hope to have the acquisition closed by the end of the year. Together UPS and Estafeta will be a $1 billion plus business. So this firmly cements our leadership position in North America and we couldn't be more excited about it. Do you want to take the second part of the question?
Brian Dykes: Yes, certainly. And then, Kate maybe you want to talk about the broader piece of it. But I think Estafeta, just to give you a little bit of context, it covers 95% of the population in Mexico with 145 facilities. So this is a fairly large business. It does about 325,000 pieces a day. So it gives you context of where it fits into the portfolio. And it fits very firmly within our near-shoring strategy. And Kate, do you want to add anything on that?
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. So think about first of all, that 300,000 pieces, all those shippers. They need a transporter, a cross-border solution that is quality and that has access to the best small package network in the US. That's what we give it. So it's the additional packages. I'll answer that other part of the question on our track record with the acquisitions. If you look back at Marken, also Bomi, onto MNX all of them are meeting their business cases, as well as their synergy both on the revenue and cost side of the equation. Because what it does is opens up again this end-to-end opportunity to these premium customers. We expect the same thing we are ahead of the supply chain shift into Mexico. Our supply chain cross-border business is up double digit. So this will only help with us that as well.
Carol Tome: And I know you asked about the purchase price. We typically won't disclose the purchase price, but I can give you a hint. Brian said that we accessed the debt capital markets in the second quarter and raised some additional debt capital for growth. It is about $1.2 billion. We are not spending $1.2 billion on the business. So that gives you a sense of where the purchase price is going to be.
Brian Dykes: That's right.
Carol Tome: And in terms of the portfolio of assets that we have -- we looked at strategic alternatives for Coyote. We are delighted to reach an agreement with RFO to sell Coyote to that business, at a great value, higher than our carrying value, and the multiple on EBITDA was over 12 times. So I was really pleased with the value that we received or will receive when we close that transaction. And we are always looking at the portfolio of assets, are there other things that we can optimize or monetize. So we are never done. But there's nothing large that would need to be talked about today.
Brian Dykes: Stephen, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Thanks for taking my questions. If you go back to the trade down discussion in the SurePost, can you talk a little bit high level about how that business moves through your network? And what's different about it that better matches the cost of that package with the lower yield for that package? And just extending that a little bit further if SurePost is a higher mix of the domestic business than you'd expected longer-term, what nuance changes would there need to be with the network to make that a better fit? Thank you.
Carol Tome: Well, SurePost is a great product in many ways. As I mentioned, it is a Sunday solution for us, and we are -- with our matching algorithm able to redirect volume. So it's delivered in our ground network. Maybe, Nando you want to give a little bit more color at how does that work?
Nando Cesarone: Yes, sure. And as Brian mentioned earlier, I mean, SurePost is going to flow through our network, regular feeders, regular hubs, sortation. What we are working on and very close to solving is looking ahead more than one day, so we can match even more of those SurePost shipments. So right now, if a package shows up at a destination, that particular morning, we will match that package with other deliveries for that day. The option moving forward is to look for additional matching opportunities, and we are very close to that solution so we can actually look further out. In total, as I said before, we're matching a lot more, about 3% more than last year. And each one is offsetting the cost and providing profitability to that shipment or that delivery, if you will to that one location.
Carol Tome: So that matching capability then creates more delivery density, which is a big value unlock for us. We've talked about in the past, every 10 basis points of improvement is a couple of hundred million dollars. So this is an important initiative to make this product even more attractive to us over time.
Bascome Majors: Thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to our host, Mr. Guido. Please go ahead.
PJ Guido: Thank you, Stephen. This concludes our call. Thank you for joining and have a good day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen Dye, and I will be your conference facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. PJ Guido, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
PJ Guido : Good morning, and welcome to the UPS first quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO, and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within federal securities laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2023 Form 10-K and other reports we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion refers to adjusted results. For the first quarter of 2024, GAAP results include a total charge of $110 million, or $0.13 per diluted share, comprised of after-tax transformation and other charges of $75 million and a non-cash after-tax impairment charge of $35 million, driven by plans to consolidate certain acquired brands within our healthcare portfolio. A reconciliation to GAAP financial results is available on the UPS Investor Relations website and also available in the webcast of today's call. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions] Please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now, I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome: Thank you, PJ, and good morning. Let me begin by thanking UPSers for doing what they do better than anyone, and that's deliver industry-leading service. Through the first quarter, UPSers continued to execute our strategy by focusing on growth and efficiency and exemplified our purpose of moving our world forward by delivering what matters. Moving to our results, the first quarter turned out as we expected, starting with a decline in average daily volume. U.S. average daily volume, or ADV, declined year-over-year, but the rate of decline slowed as the quarter progressed, ending with March down less than 1%. And on a sequential basis, the ADV decline rate in the first quarter showed marked improvement compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. This improving performance is primarily due to the efforts of our sales team to win and pull through new volume into our network. Outside of the U.S., the ADV decline rate also improved sequentially compared to the fourth quarter of last year, and we saw pockets of export growth in certain markets and lanes. For the first quarter, consolidated revenue was $21.7 billion, a decline of 5.3% versus last year. Operating profit was $1.7 billion, down 31.5% compared to last year, due for the most part to higher labor costs associated with the first year of our Teamsters contract. Consolidated operating margin was 8%. Our operating profit performance was a bit better than we expected due to higher productivity. At our Investor and Analyst Day last month, we shared our three-year targets and how we intend to reach them under our Better and Bolder approach. We are reimagining our network through Network of the Future, and we are leaning into the parts of the market that value our end-to-end integrated network. For example, we recently announced that UPS will become the primary air cargo provider for the United States Postal Service. Under this contract, we will move most of the USPS air cargo within the United States. The USPS air cargo business fits beautifully with our strategy to grow our B2B business. To win, we put together an innovative and differentiated solution that leverages our integrated network and existing assets. The USPS air cargo business will contribute to top-line growth and be accretive to consolidated and U.S. domestic operating margins. Brian will share more details, including what to expect during the transition period and where this will show up in our financial reporting. Moving to our strategic update, through our customer-first, people-led, innovation-driven strategy, we are investing to grow in the premium parts of the market and drive efficiency. Let me give you a few recent examples. Starting with customer-first. Through our on-demand network, we are expanding our addressable market with capabilities like no-box, no-label returns, through Happy Returns, and the convenience of our more than 5,200 UPS store locations. During the first quarter, our overall returns volume in the U.S. increased 1.4%, and Happy Returns more than quadrupled its ADV in the first quarter. Returns are attractive to us for a couple of reasons. First, they are typically B2B movements, and as a result, drive pickup and delivery density. Second, our frictionless offering creates customer loyalty and repeat business. We are also expanding our addressable market with capabilities like big and bulky deliveries through Roadie. In the first quarter, we launched RoadieXD, which adds cross-dock capabilities to RoadieXL. Our cross-dock solution brings the digital and physical together for long-zone deliveries of bulky items, such as grills and furniture, that do not fit in the UPS small package network. This is enabling us to unlock additional revenue opportunities in the highly fragmented $60 billion big and bulky market in the U.S. It's still early days, but this is a large opportunity for us to grow quality revenue and profit and serve the needs of our customers. As we laid out at our Investor Day, our long-term target is to grow our U.S. S&D volume penetration to 40%. DAP, our digital access program, is one of the tools we will use to reach this target. Recently, we enhanced our DAP pricing capabilities by launching a solution we call Fast Lane. With Fast Lane, we can optimize rates and target attractive volume growth, whether it be by partner, by product, or by customer segment, all of which can drive revenue per piece growth. We can even target volume growth by geography to drive density. Prior to Fast Lane, rate and other adjustments in DAP could take months. Now we can make them in a matter of days or even hours. In terms of results, in the first quarter, DAP revenue grew by 3% year-over-year. And in 2024, we expect to generate over $3 billion in global DAP revenue. Speaking of S&D, over the last year, we've gained traction on improving the customer experience across 16 journeys. Take pickups. We redesigned our process and deployed new driver dispatch technology. This resulted in a 74% reduction in pickup concerns and a Net Promoter Score, or NPS, of 48 for this journey, which is an all-time high for UPS. And for our international customers, our next-gen brokerage solution is making it easier for S&Ds to navigate the ins and outs of exporting, as evidenced by a 40% decline in custom brokerage holds since April of 2023. Turning to healthcare, we aim to become the number one complex healthcare logistics provider in the world. Healthcare companies are innovating, and so are we. Our latest example is the opening of LabPort at Worldport, our global air hub in Louisville, Kentucky. LabPort is unique. It's an end-of-the-runway, state-of-the-art facility built specifically for lab customers. By being at Worldport, we can deliver urgent air packages to our lab customers well before the sun comes up, so they can provide diagnostic results by early morning. And in terms of healthcare revenue, in the first quarter, revenue from our healthcare portfolio reached $2.6 billion. Outside the United States, we're continuing to enhance our network to grow our premium international business. Our most recent example is the launch of Next Day flights between Shenzhen, China, and Sydney, Australia. The addition of these flights enables faster import and export movements between 11 Asian markets in Australia. And now, exports from Australia can even reach Europe by the next business day. This enhancement further enables us to serve our customers, particularly those that are in high-tech manufacturing and healthcare, as they are shifting their supply chains in response to changing international trade flows. Now, let's turn to innovation-driven. As we've discussed, Network of the Future includes physical and digital changes that will deliver benefits in the short-term and the long-term. Smart Package, Smart Facility, our RFID solution, is a great digital example. We are moving from a scanning network to a sensing network. Following last year's Phase 1 deployment to our preload operations, this year, we are installing RFID readers in over 40,000 U.S. package cards, with a balance to be completed in 2025. Package card readers will enable us to further reduce our misloads, which will improve efficiency and the customer experience. The physical aspect of Network of the Future has launched, and in the quarter, we continue to close sorts and flow more volume into automated facilities. Most of the Phase 1 major projects we outlined during our Investor Day have begun and are in the contracting and execution phases. Innovation-driven is also about achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. We recently published our 22nd Sustainability Report, and we are well on our way to achieving our goals. In 2023, our Scope 1, 2, and 3 CO2 emissions declined 8.1% compared to 2022. We operate more than 18,000 alternative fuel and advanced technology vehicles in our rolling laboratory. And the use of alternative fuels in our ground operations reached 28.8% last year, keeping us on track to achieve our target of 40% by 2025. Moving to our outlook, we are reaffirming our previously announced 2024 consolidated financial goals. In 2024, we expect to generate consolidated revenue ranging from approximately $92 billion to $94.5 billion and a consolidated operating margin ranging from approximately 10% to 10.6%. Versus last year, we still expect first half earnings to decline and second half earnings to grow as we lap the first year of the Teamsters contract, and we still expect to exit the year with a U.S. operating margin of 10%. As we move forward, we are staying on strategy and under our Better and Bolder approach, we are pursuing our declarations to become the premium small package provider and logistics partner in the world. With that, thank you for listening. And now I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol. Good morning. In my comments, I'll cover four areas. First, I'll review our first quarter results followed by our 2024 financial outlook. Then I'll provide some comments on our business with the USPS. And lastly, I'll close with a recap of our 2026 targets. While the macro environment in the first quarter showed improvement in some areas, continued soft demand pressured all three parts of our business. Through the quarter, we adjusted our integrated network to match volume levels and drove out expense while maintaining industry-leading service levels. Moving to our financial results, our overall quarterly performance was in line with our expectations. In the first quarter, consolidated revenue was $21.7 billion, down 5.3% compared to the first quarter of 2023. All three of our segments demonstrated cost agility and on a combined basis, drove DAP expense by $414 million in the first quarter. This enabled us to deliver $1.7 billion in consolidated operating profit and consolidated operating margin was 8%. Diluted earnings per share was $1.43, down 35% from the first quarter of 2023. Now let's look at our business segments. In U.S. Domestic, we remained focused on controlling what we could control to improve volume growth and drive productivity. In the first quarter, average daily volume was down 3.2% year-over-year. When looking at ADV sequentially, the growth rate showed strong improvement compared to the third and fourth quarters of 2023. B2B average daily volume was down 5.5% compared to the first quarter of last year, primarily driven by declines in the retail and manufacturing sectors. And B2B represented 41.6% of our volume. Looking at product mix and in line with recent trends, we continue to see a shift from air to ground as customers prioritize cost savings over transit times by taking advantage of our ground services. Compared to the first quarter of 2023, total air average daily volume was down 8.3%. Ground declined 2.3% and within ground, sure post volume grew 10.8%. For the quarter, U.S. domestic generated revenue of $14.2 billion, down 5%. Revenue per piece was relatively flat year-over-year. Looking at the key drivers, base rates increased the revenue per piece growth rate by 240 basis points. This was offset by a couple of factors. First, changes in customer and product mix due to growth in sure post combined with changes in package characteristics decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 180 basis points. And second, changes in fuel prices decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 90 basis points. Turning to cost, total expense was down 0.8% or $104 million in the first quarter. Union wage rates increased 13% driven by the contractual increase that went into effect last August. Leveraging technology and the agility of our integrated network, we took several actions which more than offset the increase in compensation. We leveraged total service plan and network planning tools to reduce total operational hours by 6.6%, which was more than the decline in average daily volume. We closed 18 sorts and reduced operational resources by 4.8% compared to last year. We lowered block hours by 15.2% versus last year. We reduced management and support staff by approximately 5,400 positions year-over-year. In addition, we reduced purchase transportation by 17%, primarily from our continued optimization efforts. And lastly, lower fuel costs contributed to the decrease in total expense. The U.S. domestic segment delivered $839 million in operating profit, down 43.6% compared to the first quarter of 2023, and operating margin was 5.9%. Moving to our international segment, the macro environment remained challenged, primarily in Europe and Asia. However, volume growth in the Americas region showed early signs of nearshoring. In the first quarter, international total average daily volume was down 5.8% year-over-year. About two-thirds of the decline came from lower domestic average daily volume, which was down 8.1%, and driven primarily by declines in Canada and major markets in Europe. On the export side, average daily volume declined 3.6% year-over-year primarily due to weak manufacturing activity in Europe. In Asia, export average daily volume was down 4.8%, which was an improvement from the fourth quarter of 2023. Within Asia, export volume on the China to U.S. lane increased 12.8% and showed steady growth for the second consecutive quarter. More than offsetting the overall decline in Asia, nearshoring became evident as export average daily volume in the Americas region increased 3.8%. This was led by SMB customers in Canada and Mexico, leveraging our cross-border ground service. In the first quarter, international revenue was $4.3 billion, down 6.3% from last year, primarily due to the decline in volume. Revenue per piece increased 2% and included a number of moving parts. Strong base pricing drove a 360 basis point increase in the revenue per piece growth rate, a decline in fuel surcharge revenue, combined with a stronger U.S. dollar negatively impacted the revenue per piece growth rate by 80 basis points. And finally, lower demand-related surcharge revenue decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 80 basis points. In the first quarter, total international expense was down $163 million, a decline of 4.4%. Similar to previous quarters, we leveraged the agility of our integrated network to reduce block hours by 6.6%. Operating profit in the international segment was $682 million, down $124 million year-over-year. Operating margin in the first quarter was 16%. Now looking at Supply Chain Solutions, in the first quarter, revenue was $3.2 billion, down 5.3% year-over-year. Looking at the key drivers within forwarding, market rates in international airfreight continue to drive down top-line revenue. On the ocean side, excess market capacity continued to pressure market rates and drove a decrease in revenue despite volume growth. And our truckload brokerage unit continued to face soft demand and market rate pressures. Logistics delivered revenue growth and increased operating profit driven by gains in health care. In the first quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated operating profit of $226 million, down $32 million year-over-year and an operating margin of 7%. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $195 million of interest expense. Our other pension income was $67 million, our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 26.8%. Now let's turn to cash and shareholder returns. In the first quarter, we generated $3.3 billion in cash from operations. Free cash flow for the period was $2.3 billion. We finished the quarter with strong liquidity and no outstanding commercial paper. Also in the first quarter, UPS rewarded shareowners with $1.3 billion in dividends. Turning to our outlook. As Carol mentioned, we are reaffirming our 2024 consolidated financial targets. For the full year 2024, on a consolidated basis, revenues are expected to range between $92 billion and $94.5 billion, and we expect to generate a consolidated operating margin ranging from approximately 10% to 10.6%. Looking at the shape of the year. In the first half of the year, we expect consolidated operating profit to be down between 20% and 30%. And in the back half of the year, we expect volume and revenue growth to accelerate as we lap the diversion we experienced as a result of our labor negotiations. Additionally, our labor cost growth rate will drop substantially. We will also see the majority of the $1 billion in savings from Fit to serve. We still expect revenue per piece to outperform cost per piece. And lastly, in U.S. domestic, we expect to exit the year at a 10% operating margin. Looking at cash flow and capital spending. For the full year in 2024, we still expect capital expenditures to be within our target of around 5% of revenue or $4.5 billion. We're reviewing certain aspects of our pension strategy, and so we expect free cash flow to be within a range of approximately $5.9 billion to $6.7 billion before reflecting any pension contributions. Now let me share more detail about servicing Air Cargo for the USPS. This is good business for us, and we are moving quickly to begin onboarding this cargo. We will leverage our integrated network and existing assets, and we expect the majority of the volume will fit within our current U.S. domestic daytime flight operations. Our operators and engineers are already planning the network to support the complete transition to UPS in the third quarter. In terms of financial reporting, the revenue and expense associated with USPS Air Cargo will show up in the SCS other line in our financial reporting. Adding the USPS air cargo volume to our existing network will result in a higher share of the network cost being allocated to SCS, indirectly benefiting our U.S. domestic segment. We expect to see a benefit to operating margins this year at both the consolidated level and within the U.S. Domestic segment. To wrap up, we are also reaffirming our three-year consolidated revenue and operating margin targets we put forth at our March Investor and Analyst Day. Specifically, we aim to grow revenue to be between $108 million and $114 billion by 2026. The high end of the range includes inorganic opportunities, primarily in health care and international. Additionally, we expect to expand our consolidated operating margin to more than 13% by 2026, which includes expanding our domestic operating margin to at least 12%. And I'll note that the USPS volume is consistent with our better and bolder approach to grow in the parts of the market that leverage our integrated network, and it gives us a strong start to our 2026 targets. With that, thank you, and operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct the question-and-answer session. Our first question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Eric Morgan : Hey, good morning. This is Eric Morgan on for Brandon. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask about the guidance in the first half. I know you mentioned 1Q kind of coming in line with your expectations, but you did call out the 40% decline expectation at the Investor Day. So just wondering if anything happened late in the quarter that drove EBIT above your expectations in the first quarter? And then, are there anything negative going on in 2Q that led you to maintain the first half guidance rather than raise it similar to the 1Q beat. Thank you.
Brian Newman : Morgan, good morning. It's Brian. Happy to take this one. Look, our guidance for the first half of the year remains the same, declining in profit down 20% to 30%. So that's consistent. I did call out at the tail end of the quarter, expected minus 40%. I said consistently that Q1 would be the tougher quarter in the first half of the year. There were two elements that contributed to beating that 40%. One, on the top-line, we did see positive volume momentum going into the end of the quarter in fact, the last couple of weeks were basically breakeven from a volume perspective. I think the last week was about zero percent thereabout. So sequentially, we were seeing improved volume. But the bigger component was just some cost trading between April and March, things like occupancy and maintenance cost shift in terms of when they hit the P&L between March and April. So no change from a guide perspective still down 20% to 30%, some cost timing at the end of the quarter there, but the positive was the trajectory of volume momentum. Thanks, Morgan.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra : Thanks. Carol, Brian, can you just provide a bit more details on the contribution margins associated with the USPS contract. This was a zero margin business that your direct competitor and somewhat surprisingly is now moving from your direct competitor to you it kind of harkens back to kind of pre-2020 when UPS was less price disciplined. And so can you just wage concerns that this wasn't one on price and just talk a little bit in more detail. I know you're obviously raising some block hours to fund -- to service this volume. But what other costs do you kind of expect to bring on to service this $1 billion, $1.5 billion of incremental revenue. Thanks.
Carol Tome : Well, thanks very much for your question, Amit. And we're delighted to have won the air cargo business from USPS our team put together an innovative solution using our integrated network. And as in contrast to traditional hub-and-spoke models, we don't have to run all of the air volume through our main air hub at Westport. Of course, we will use Worldport, but we will also use our regional gateways. That allows for splits to occur outside of the network, so they'll be built in origin and then we will bypass the main hub and go point to point. This is an integrated solution that's very different than I think the former provider offered. We also will use all of the assets of our integrated network, and that will allow us to actually optimize block hours. Now in terms of the investments that we need to make to services volume, we have plenty of space on our existing aircraft. So we won't be purchasing any aircraft. We will be hiring some pilots but less than 200 pilots, and we factored all of that into the cost model that we built. So this will be margin accretive. It will be EPS great at beginning in year one and through the life of the contract.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz : Hi, good morning. I wanted to see Brian or Carol, if you could walk through what are the key pieces of the 2Q versus 1Q ramp in EBIT. And then I guess the same thing for second half. Obviously, you've got Fit to Serve as a significant cost benefit versus 1Q. But I think just trying to figure out how much of the improvement sequentially is based on volume that you have visibility to and how much would be based on anticipation of improvement in the broader parcel market kind of macro improvement. Thank you.
Brian Newman : Hey, Tom, happy to take that. So listen, from a Q1 to Q2 perspective, the shape, if we look at the U.S. we would expect marginal growth from a volume perspective, which relative to past trends, normally, Q1 steps down to Q2 from an absolute volume level. So by maintaining that will be a natural accretion from an EBIT perspective. The big component, though, full year on a run rate basis, the Fit to Serve program will generate $1.3 billion in savings and we're ramping that up in Q2. So that will be a big driver as well as we think about it. And then from a Q1 to the back half of the year, it's the same three components, Fit to Serve. It's the volume lift along with the drivers of RPP and then it's the labor contract lapping, which is the big piece in the back end of the year.
Carol Tome : And maybe just a few more comments on RPP since our RPP in the U.S. was flat in the first quarter. We expect RPP growth as we head towards the back half of the year. Why? Well, first of all, fuel prices were a drag on the RPP in the first quarter. The projection for fuel is that is going to increase. We are also announcing a fuel surcharge later today. So those two components of fuel will be a bonus to RPP as we head towards the back half. We also are going to have a pretty picky peak, we anticipate for fewer operating days this year than last, which means the demand surcharge should be pretty strong this year compared to last year. And then we brought in a lot of SurePost product into our network. We're meeting our customers where they want to go we'll be anniversarying a lot of that in the back half of the year as well. So we dont expect we love by the way, but we dont expect to see the drag on the RPP Im sure costs in the back half, like we said, in the first quarter. Any other color youd like to provide?
Brian Newman : I think all those that you stated, Carol, and then the volume growth, obviously, with the comps, its going to be a big help to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger : Hi, good morning. Sort of curious, you mentioned some actions taken in the first quarter, like closing sorts and working on peak purchase transport, et cetera, amongst other things. Can you maybe talk to some additional actions that are helping to drive the profit uplift from here, not related to the volumes and maybe the head count reduction? Thanks.
Carol Tome : Well, productivity is a virtuous cycle here at UPS domestically and outside of the U.S. And I just cant say enough good things about how our team is running our business. Ours are running under the volume declines, higher productivity and cull utilization packages per hour. We measure productivity in minutes, miles and practice per hour and all across the board, were seeing record levels. One different callouts that weve been talking about this for a while is safety. Our safety stats, if you will, are the best theyve been in five years. And of course, if you havent run a safer business, where you dont have as many claims for is comp and auto liability. So a real shout out to our operators. And I certainly might say, why is the productivity getting better? One reason is because our turnover is down. And as people stay in place, we were just more productive. And let me throw it over Nando. Is there anything youd like to add on the productivity side?
Nando Cesarone : No, Im actually quite impressed with our engineers and our operators, I think, the best in the business. And were continuing to follow our game plan that we reviewed with you at the investor conference, which is keenly focused on closing down stores, moving volume to our automation and our automated facilities. And in fact, when I talked about pieces per headcount at our conference, were actually up 2.7% in March. So we are pushing all of the things that help us be more productive and less reliant on labor.
Carol Tome : And Kate, outside the United States in your word talk about product.
Kate Gutmann : Yeah, absolutely. It is a consistent value at UPS and something that all of us work very hard towards every day. So when you look at the major regions around the world, were setting records on our cube utilization both on the ground and in the air. As our margins show, we have a very good handle on expense management and as were unlocking more of this segment growth, health care specifically, SMB around the world, it only fuels that further.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter : Hey, great. Good morning. Just international margins were a bit lower than we expected. Just maybe thoughts on increased costs. It sounded like you threw out some impacts of near-sourcing. And then, I guess, Brian, just a clarification. You said youre moving the U.S. Postal Services will be listed in SCS and benefiting domestic. I just want to understand, are you shifting costs then out of domestic into SCS? Or maybe just clarify that comment there.
Carol Tome : Well, first on the international margin, I think Keith did a terrific job of managing costs in an environment where demand was down. There was a onetime item that we didnt call out in our prepared remarks. But if you back out that onetime item, the international margin would 17%. The first quarter is usually our lowest margin quarter. So we anticipate that the international business and our planning for the international business to be in the high teens as we told to.
Brian Newman : And then on the tonnage in terms of USPS comes in through SCS other. But because were using a lot of the U.S. assets, we allocate cost to that business, and that will have a positive benefit on the domestic margin.
Ken Hoexter : And can you clarify what the one item was there?
Carol Tome : It was a cleanup really in our revenue data mark, we just had some accounts we wrote off.
Ken Hoexter : Thanks a lot for the time. Appreciate it.
Carol Tome : Yes.
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon : Hey, good morning. I got a couple of quick commercial questions for you. Can you talk about how the volume outlook outside issuer post is shaping up? I think you mentioned in a couple of pockets, the second derivative is getting better. But if you could talk about whether you feel better or worse about where volumes are going to end up in the year today versus when you started the year? That would be helpful. And then the second question would be on SurePost, 10% demand for anything in small package is a very high number. When are you going to have a chance to maybe address pricing in that product? Because it does sound like you have what looks like a relative advantage in terms of marketing against the lower end of the e-commerce small package market?
Carol Tome : So from a volume mix perspective, if I look at the volume thats in our pipeline, I would say the volume thats in our pipeline is not sure cost. Weve got commercial volume in our pipeline, additional enterprise volume in our pipeline. So were going to be our customers where they want to go. But the mix is looking very different as we look ahead than it was in the first quarter. And in terms of pricing, I dont think were going to talk pricing on this for this call but we always look for opportunities to optimize our pricing.
Brian Newman : And the headwind we saw from a mix perspective, Carol alluded to this in the back end of the year, we are anniversarying a fair amount of share post from last peak. And so the overlaps wont drive as big of a headwind.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Scott -- we have a question from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group : Hey, thanks. Good morning. Brian, the second quarter guide, I guess, implies EBIT down anywhere from 10% to 30%. So any more directional color there? And then on this revenue cost allocation thing with the post office? Is there any way to just quantify what the benefit is to the U.S. margin as you're doing this? And is that already sort of captured in the 10% margin comment for Q4? Or does this now take it up versus what you previously thought?
Carol Tome : Well, maybe I'll talk about the full year guidance and then you can talk specifically about the second quarter. One of the questions may be, well, why aren't you changing your guidance now that you won this air cargo business and you say it's going to be margin accretive. We were highly confident of the range of guidance that we provided at the end of the year, and we're even more confident now but it's just too early in the year to change the guidance. So once we get through the second quarter, we'll tell you what we think the back half of the year will be. On Q2 alone, why don't you talk about?
Brian Newman : Sure. Scott, we're maintaining the first half at negative 20% to 30% from a profit perspective. So can choose the element of the range you want to point towards. I think ADV in domestic, we're expecting Q2 to be slightly positive. RPP should be consistent with what we saw flattish in the first quarter as we move out of the headwinds from a mix perspective. And as Carol said, fuel and the PSS in the back end of the year will help us. Cost per piece will get better in Q2 -- I'm sorry, in Q3 when we anniversary the cost of the labor contract, but somewhat similar from a Q2 perspective in the U.S. And then from an ADV perspective, internationally, Kate is looking to see that business improve as we sequentially move over the course of the year. So I guess I would steer you towards the 20% to 30%. We've been very consistent on that from a profit standpoint for the first half and you can squeeze it.
Scott Group : And then any thoughts on that the postal shift and the margin benefit for Q4?
Carol Tome : So this is what I'd like to do is out, let's get through the second quarter, and then we'll come back and give you more color. I like to get some of it into the network. We've modeled it out. I want to actually see how it performs. So we'll give you more color at the end of the second quarter.
Scott Group : Okay.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker : Thanks, good morning, everyone. Carol, in your opening comments, you mentioned that returns were a good business because they were B2B. I'm a little surprised to hear that because I mean, it almost seems like a C2B type business with pretty high fragmentation in the last mile. So if you can just unpack kind of how that works through the supply chain and kind of the profit contribution of that, that would be great. Thank you.
Carol Tome : So we like to return business a lot. You're right, the consumer typically walks into a UPS store to start the return and we consolidate the returns at the UBS store, and they returned to the shipper. And that would be a B2B return. So if you think about -- I'll use our largest customer for an example, we have returns through our UPS stores with our largest customer. We take in thousands of returns for that customer and package it into one consolidated return that goes back to them. So that's a good business for us. And with Happy Returns, now we were able to offer the same service, which is no box in the label. Same idea, consumer walks in, they make the return, we consolidate it and return it back that's how we think about it being a B2B business, and the margins are very attractive to us. It's density. That's one reason why the margins are so good because you get that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck : Hey, thanks. Good morning. I appreciate you taking the question. Maybe one for Carol, one for Brian. Carol, can you just talk about -- I know you don't talk about too much about pricing, but you're increasing the fuel surcharge about another 50 basis points. I think that's on top of 125 in December. So just wanted to see your thoughts on how the market could absorb that with some excess capacity. And do you still feel as sort of a lever in terms of all-in pricing? Then for Brian, maybe you can elaborate on the pension contribution strategy. You talked about -- it sounded like maybe the cash contribution was on hold until some other options were considered. So any more thoughts on that would be helpful. Thank you.
Carol Tome : So on the fuel surcharge as we look to the rest of the year, fuel prices are increasing. And this is not atypical for us to adjust our surcharge on the base of rising fuel costs. You also should know that, that doesn't impact all of our customers. Clearly, some are exempted from this. So in terms of the ability to stick, we think the will stick. And just a comment on the capacity at our Investor and Earnings Day, we said there was about $12 million ADV excess capacity in the market, and that equilibrium is about 6%, you need about 6%. So really, the excess capacity is around 6 million today, and we think that will be fully absorbed by 2025. Now you may say why. Well, we're part of that excess. And so we're closing stores. We're taking capacity out of the market, and our Network of the Future initiative is capacity neutral. Also with our large competitors' consolidation efforts capacity will be leaving the market. And then another player headquartered in Seattle on the regional, I think the capacity will be taken out of the market. So we think all that capacity will be absorbed in the pricing environment is actually very rational.
Brian Ossenbeck : And Brian, just on your secondary question around the pension. I had quoted cash -- free cash flow ex pension of $59 million to $67 million. We do have annual service cost in the $1.4 billion range. So from a modeling perspective, you can use that as a placeholder. But the reality is taking a look at strategic options on pension, a little too a bit of early days to comment on that, but we'll come back later in the year and share our thinking on some of the actions and activities we're pursuing.
Carol Tome : Yeah. Our pensions are very well funded. They're over 90% funded. And it gives us an opportunity to step back on. You just look at our asset liability strategy, our funding strategy. So we thought we should just pause right now, take a look at it and then when we -- if we make any decisions, we'll share that with you.
Brian Ossenbeck: Thank you.
Operator: Our question will come from the line of Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham : Hi, everyone. Thank you. Just curious on your expectations for -- I mean, sorry, you talked a little bit about volume inflecting soon. And can you just talk about your expectations in terms of volumes as you move from first half to second half? I think previously, you were talking about flat to up 2% in the U.S. domestic market, then you came in a little bit ahead. Just trying to understand how the back half are to look outside of just comps being pretty easy. Thank you.
Brian Newman : So from an ADV perspective in domestic, I think that's where you're headed with a little bit of a slight tick up in positive volume in the second quarter will likely finish low single-digit decline in the first half, second half we'd expect that to be low single-digit increase. And you can look at it through various different lenses. We're building momentum ever since August, each month is basically getting sequentially better each quarter from Q3, Q4, Q1 improves. We'd expect to see slight positive volume trends in the second quarter. And then just from a comp standpoint, I mean if I go back from a trend perspective, over the last 10 years, our Q3 is generally about close to 300,000 ADV better than Q1. And even if we assume flat from a Q3 to Q1, that would be 4.5% growth. So any way you cut it, we see the back end of the year and most important, it's the visibility on the sales pipeline that we're pulling through and the volume levels we're seeing going into Q2.
Conor Cunningham : Super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jonathan Chappell of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chappell: Thank you, good morning. Brian, you'd mentioned the $1 billion of productivity that you expected to see in the full year '24 guide. Can you just tell us where that stands after the first quarter and how we think about the cadence throughout the rest of the year? Is it front half loaded? Or is it kind of extrapolated evenly by quarter?
Brian Newman : Yeah. The initiative is progressing slightly ahead of plan. Reductions began in March and will continue through I2. Wed expect more than 80% of the resource reductions to be complete by I2. Were on track to that $1 billion that I mentioned. And at a full annual run rate going into next year, wed expect $1.3 billion. So therell be some benefit early part of next year.
Jonathan Chappell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Daniel Amaro [ph] of Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Unknown Analyst: Yeah. Thanks, good morning, guys. Thanks for the questions. Wanted to follow up on the USPS contract. Carol, the air cargo, I think, should come into your network in the fourth quarter. I think first, any business coming in sooner than that, just to clarify, and then looking at 4Q in the outlook, are there any minimum volume component to the agreement? I mean, obviously, that customer has moved a lot of freight out of the air network as it looks to save costs by using ground. It still looks like ground is cheaper out there. So how do you protect for more of that volume leaving the air cargo market into maybe slower transit time, similar to the rest of your business? Thanks.
Carol Tome : Well, clearly, we want to get all the volume on boarded before peak. Thats in their interest in our best interest. We will onboard the volume as we can. Our teams are in Washington, D.C. working with the postal service hand-in-hand as we build our operating plan.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors : Yeah, thanks for taking my questions. As you work on cash flow with the pension strategy stuff you've talked about that we might hear more about late this year. Can you talk a little bit about the dividend? If you look at your payout guidance, it implies roughly $13 in earnings at the dividend level that you're paying now. Is there an opportunity to start to raise it more meaningfully before the earnings power of the business gets there? Or do you think we need to wait and get more increases like we saw this year until the business is supporting that more literally? Thank you.
Carol Tome : We have a disciplined approach when it comes to capital allocation. The first use of our cash, as you know, is to invest back into our business and the second is to pay our dividend. We have a targeted dividend payout ratio of 50%. We are higher than that. It's our intent to earn back into a 50% payout ratio over time. We have no intent to cut the dividend to make that math work. We're going to earn back into it and the dividend is an important part of the value proposition. So we just raised the dividend and we look to, of course, subject to board approval, we look to raise the dividend every year. Any color you'd like to add here?
Brian Newman : Just, Carol, this year marks the 15th consecutive year we've increased the dividend, and we're committed to a stable and growing dividend. So we will earn back into that, but certainly committed to it.
Carol Tome : And I feel to respond to Daniel's question about minimum levels within the USPS contract. I'd like to throw that over to Matt. Matt, did you answer your question?
Matt Guffey : Yeah, absolutely. So thank you, Carol. First of, yes, we do set minimums in the contract. As we built this, we identified a win-win for both the USPS and for us it's just imperative that, one, we not only have it on the protection for our side and our business on what we're bringing on but also for the USPS because we want to make sure, as Carol mentioned, that we're onboarded before peak season, and we're bringing this on as quickly as possible, and we're working collectively with them. Nando and the team have done a great job with their operational team. And to Carol's point, we're meeting with them every week in DC to continue to onboard that volume to make sure it's a smooth transition.
Carol Tome : Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore : Hi, good morning. Thank you. I wanted to touch back on the volume commentary. If you can maybe discuss in your eyes, what drove the improvement as the quarter progressed and your expectations into 2Q. How much of this was from kind of actions within your own control? And then at the same time, maybe areas where the underlying environment is improving some over kind of what we've experienced over the last year. And in that case, where you've seen that improvement in the macro. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Well, I give a shout out to our sales team. The improving volume trends are in large part due to their hard work and efforts. You may recall at the beginning of the year, we said the growth in the market wasn't going to be very growthy this year. So the fact said, we're able to see sequential improvement in the magnitude that we're seeing is really because of our sales team. We are winning new. We are gaining additional penetration of existing customers. We are meeting customers where they want us to be. And our sales team will continue to do that around the world. And that's one reason that we're confident in the volume projection that Brian did share.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bruce Chan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan : Hey, thanks. And good morning everyone. Carol, just back to your DAP comment from the beginning of the call. I know that's big part of your S&D growth efforts. You said you grew 3% in the first quarter. And I can't help but notice that that's materially [indiscernible] you said the plan was over $3 billion and then at the Investor Day, you said materially over $3 billion. So I just want to know if there's something happening that's driving a slower growth outlook for DAP.
Carol Tome : Yeah. Thanks for the question. And I think I got it, you broke up a bit, but its generally about DAP. So last year, in the first quarter, our DAP revenue grew 51% and our volume grew 61%. So we didnt expect to repeat that kind of growth in the first quarter of this year. And so we were very pleased with how the DAP portfolio performed in the first quarter because it was in line with our expectations. We had anticipated a slower growth in the first quarter because there were a couple of our partners that we were working on amending the teens and fees. So we expected the growth rate to be slower and then to pick up as we move into the second quarter and the rest of the year. The projections for the DAP around the world, and were seeing great growth outside the United States, by the way. The projections for the DAP portfolio by the end of the year is in excess of $3 billion.
Bruce Chan : Okay, thats very helpful. Thank you.
Carol Tome : Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger : Thanks very much. Good morning. Carol, could you give us an update on your SMB progress. Curious how you're trending towards the long-term target domestically? And then also, how does international compare? You've spoken in the past about making nice progress there. Just curious, how does that compare to domestic right now? And what type of aspiration can you achieve longer term? Thanks.
Carol Tome : Yeah. So we're right now at about 29% as of the end of the first quarter. And as we look towards the end of this year, we should be over 30 in the low 30s. So we're trending nicely. And Kate outside the United States how's SMB performance?
Kate Gutmann : Yeah. Our history outside the U.S. is in SMB. So we have a 62% share of SMB, and this is now where we're implementing debt. So we're only going further. As Carol said, our DAP program and small package around the world is resonating with our SME shippers as they look for ease and access. So that's excellent. And then I'll just also say in our freight business, we have a DAP like service, which is our forwarding hub, and it's actually well ahead of plan as well. So SMBs are showing that they really need access through the digital platforms, and it's resonating very well.
PJ Guido : Hey, Stephen, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question will be a follow-up from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead, sir.
David Vernon : Thanks for coming back to me. I just wanted to ask about -- you mentioned the pricing environment being kind of rational. Could you elaborate on how effective the GRI has been this year? What's the stick rate there? And as you think about the underlying performance in domestic yields ex some of the mix headwinds, could you talk a little bit about the trajectory or the rate of change through the quarter?
Brian Newman : Yeah, Dave, we had expected about a 50% keep rate. We saw a 240 -- roughly 250 basis points in the first quarter. So generally, in line with expectations. We'd expect that base rate to continue over the course of the year. I think Carol hit on a couple of the key points around the other elements of pricing. There's a fuel piece. There's PSS in the back -- in the peak season and then there's the mix component that we've been talking about the focus on commercial on SMB and health care. So all those things combined give us confidence that we'll deliver a low single digit from an RPP second half of the year.
David Vernon : Okay. Thank you.
Carol Tome : Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the floor back over to our host, Mr. P.J. Guido. Please go ahead, sir.
PJ Guido: Thank you, Steven. This concludes our call. Thank you for joining, and have a good day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. And I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise and after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Mr. PJ Guido, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
PJ Guido: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO, and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2022 Form 10-K and other reports we filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion refers to adjusted results. For the fourth quarter of 2023, GAAP results include a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $274 million, after-tax transformation and other charges of $154 million, and a non-cash after-tax impairment charge of $84 million relating to our Coyote trade name in our truckload brokerage unit. The after-tax total for these items is $512 million or $0.60 per diluted share. Additional details regarding year-end pension charges are included in the appendix of our fourth quarter 2023 Earnings Presentation that will be posted to the UPS Investor Relations website following this call. A reconciliation to GAAP financial result is available on the UPS Investor Relations website, and also available in the webcast of today's call. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions] And now, I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome: Thank you, PJ, and good morning. Let me begin by thanking UPSers for their hard work and effort. I'm proud of our team for their commitment to customer service. And for once again making UPS the industry leader in on-time performance, not only during peak, but throughout 2023. Looking at our volume trends for the fourth quarter, while total average daily volume or ADV declined 7.5% from last year, our performance was a marked improvement from what we reported in the third quarter. During the fourth quarter, our salespeople did an outstanding job of winning back diverted volume and pulling through new volumes. In fact, US Domestic ADV surged 30% from the third quarter to the fourth which was our highest sequential volume ramp ever. By the end of December, we had one back and pull through nearly 60% of the volume diverted during our labor negotiations. Winning back and winning new volume is part of a program we call Project Brown. And this program will continue into 2024. You will recall that at the end of the third quarter, we provided a range of expected revenue and operating profit for the fourth quarter. Looking at our fourth quarter results versus last year, consolidated revenue declined 7.8% to $24.9 billion, which was slightly below the low end of our expectation. Operating profit was $2.8 billion, a decrease of 27.1% from last year, but slightly higher than the low end of our expectations. As a result, our consolidated operating margin was 11.2%, which was well within our expectation. For the year, consolidated revenue was $91 billion, a decrease of 9.3%. Consolidated operating profit totaled $9.9 billion, 28.7% lower than last year. And consolidated operating margin was 10.9%. We generated $5.3 billion in free cash flow during 2023 and we returned $7.6 billion to shareowners in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Brian will provide more detail about our financial results in a moment. 2023 was a unique and quite candidly a difficult and disappointing year. We experienced declines in volume, revenue, and operating profit in all three of our business segments. Some of this performance was due to the macroenvironment and some of it was due to the disruption associated with our labor contract negotiations as well as higher costs associated with the new contract. Through the year, however, we controlled what we could control and in many areas, we delivered the highest productivity results in our company history. And I think most importantly, we stayed on our strategy of customer first, people led, and innovation driven. Let me share a few examples of how our strategy is establishing a foundation for future growth. Starting with customer first. In 2023, our healthcare portfolio achieved our target of $10 billion in revenue. Here we've made strong progress towards our goal of becoming the number-one complex healthcare provider in the growing $130 billion global healthcare logistics market. Our global network of healthcare-compliant distribution space topped 17 million square feet in 2023. And our acquisitions of Bomi Group and MNX Global Logistics have expanded our cold-chain capabilities and are enabling us to reach new markets and customers. To support growth in our international small package business, in December, we announced plans to build a new air hub at Hong Kong International Airport. This new air hub supports our plans to grow in the best parts of the market, including highly profitable Asia trade lines and will enable us to expand our export and import business in the region. During the year, we continue to grow our SMB penetration. In 2023, SMBs made up 28.6% of our total US volume, an increase of 60 basis points from last year. Part of this growth came from DAP, our Digital Access Program. DAP has transformed how small companies do business with UPS. And in 2023, we generated $2.9 billion in DAP revenue, an increase of 22% year-over-year. Moving to People Led. In 2023, we delivered a labor agreement that provides certainty for the next five years. And because I'm a big believer in the power of One UPS. This year, we are returning to a policy of everyone back in the office five days a week. In terms of our culture, we are a network company not just of logistics capabilities, but a personal relationships too which brings me to innovation driven. On our busiest peak days, we sort over 50 million packages in the US and deliver more than 30 million packages worldwide. How do we do it? By leveraging the agility of our integrated network powered by UPS technologies and the skills of our engineers and operating team. Our network planning tools enabled us to quickly match capacity with volume across the network and drive productivity. Technology also enabled improvements to driver and help our route planning and dispatch, resulting in improvements in density and fewer seasonal support drivers than in prior year. It might surprise you to learn that we typically see an increase in returns volume before Christmas. In the fourth quarter, we moved lightening fast to integrate Happy Returns. We made box-free, label-free returns available in over 5,000 UPS store locations just eight days after the acquisition close. Happy Returns digital experience helped drive returns volume in the fourth quarter with momentum extending into the first quarter of 2024. Finally, we continue to deploy transformative technology to increase efficiency within our warehousing facilities. The latest example is our state-of-the-art pick, pack, and ship center in Louisville, Kentucky, that we call UPS Velocity. We named it Velocity because it leverages robotics, automation, machine-learning, and artificial intelligence to streamline fulfillment operations. This facility is capable of processing over 350,000 units per day and enables a best-in-class experience for our customers and their customers. Our customer first, people led innovation driven strategy is the foundation of our business. And our continued execution of the strategy enables us to exit 2023 with momentum. But momentum is not enough. We have decided to take some bold moves to right-size our company for the future and to focus on the key enablers of growth. So today, we are announcing two actions. First, we plan to explore strategic alternatives for our truckload brokerage business known as Coyote. Coyote is part of Supply Chain Solutions, and it's a business that's highly cyclical with considerable earnings volatility. We will keep you apprised as we move forward with this analysis. Second, we are going to fit our organization to our strategy and align our resources against what's wildly important. This will result in a workforce reduction of approximately 12,000 positions and around $1 billion in cost out this year. Here, we've identified new ways of working and are calling this fit to serve. Let me end by sharing our 2024 outlook. In 2024, the small package market in the US, excluding Amazon, is expected to grow by less than 1%. And projected market growth rates for the rest of our business segments picked up some improvement, but not until the latter part of the year. In building our 2024 financial targets, we incurred the low end of our guidance on market growth. And for the high-end of our guidance included growth we should experience if we capture market share. In 2024, we expect to generate consolidated revenue ranging from approximately $92 billion to $94.5 billion and a consolidated operating margin ranging from approximately 10% to 10.6%. Given the nuances of our new labor contract, there will be stark contrast between our first-half and our second-half performance. First-half earnings will be compressed and second-half earnings will expand. In both the low and high end of our guidance range, we expect to exit the year with US operating margin of 10%. Brian will provide more details in a moment. UPS remains rock-solid strong. While our dividend payout is currently higher than our targeted payout of 50% of our prior year's adjusted earnings per share, we are confident in our future. As a result, the UPS Board approved $0.01 increase in the quarterly dividend from $1.62 per share to $1.63 per share. This is the 15th consecutive year we have increased the UPS dividend. So now that 2023 is behind us, we look forward to seeing you at our upcoming Investor and Analyst Day on March 26th. At that time, we will share our three-year plans to grow and drive shareowner value. With that, thank you for listening. And now I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol, and good morning. In my comments, I'll cover three areas, starting with the macro and our fourth-quarter results, then I'll review our full-year 2023 results, including cash and shareowner returns. And lastly, I'll provide comments on expectations for the markets and our financial outlook for 2024. The macroenvironment in the fourth quarter showed improvements. However, in the transportation and logistics sector conditions remained under pressure, both in the US and internationally due to soft demand and overcapacity in the market. Throughout the quarter, we leveraged the agility of our integrated network to match capacity with demand. And we were recognized by an independent third party for providing industry-leading service for the sixth peak in a row. Looking at our financial results, in the fourth quarter, consolidated revenue was $24.9 billion, down 7.8% from the fourth quarter of 2022. All three of our segments demonstrated agility and on a combined basis drove down total expense by $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter year-over-year. This enabled us to deliver operating profit within the range we communicated to you last quarter. Consolidated operating margin was 11.2% for the quarter and in line with our expectations. For the fourth-quarter, diluted earnings per share was $2.47, down 31.8% from the fourth quarter of 2022. Now, let's look at our business segments. In US Domestic, we knew going into the fourth quarter that volume will be ramping up of an exceptionally low third quarter. Our efforts to win back diverted volume and pull through new volume resulted in a record sequential volume surge. Throughout peak, we delivered excellent service to our customers while managing expenses. In the fourth quarter, average daily volume came in at the low end of our range and was down 7.4% year-over-year. B2B average daily volume in the fourth quarter was down 6.8% year-over-year, driven by declines in the retail, manufacturing, and high-tech sectors. In the fourth quarter, B2B represented 35.5% of our volume, which was up slightly from 35.3% in the same period last year. Also in the fourth quarter, continued macro pressures drove customers to seek economy products as we saw customers shift volumes out of the air onto the ground. Total air average daily volume was down 15% year-over-year, and ground average daily volume was down 5.8% versus the fourth quarter of last year. For the quarter, US Domestic generated revenue of $16.9 billion, down 7.3%. Revenue per piece was slightly positive year-over-year with a number of moving parts. A combination of strong base rates and customer mix increased the revenue per piece growth rates by about 390 basis points. This was offset by a few factors. First, changes in product mix and package characteristics decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 140 basis points. Second, reflecting the lower volume in the quarter, peak season surcharge revenue declined, which reduced the revenue per piece growth rate by about 120 basis points. And lastly, changes in fuel prices decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 110 basis points. Turning to costs, total expense was down 3.6%. And in the face of a 12.1% increase in union wage rates, which was driven by the contractual increase that went into effect last August, we pulled several levers to more than offset the higher expense. First, we leveraged our network planning tools and total service plan to reduce total hours in the fourth quarter by 10.2% which was more than the decline in average daily volume. This enabled us to decrease compensation and benefits, which drove down the total expense growth rate by around 30 basis points. Second, lower purchase transportation expenditures reduced the expense growth rate by around 70 basis points, primarily from lower-volume levels and our continued optimization efforts. Next, lower fuel costs contributed 160 basis points to the decrease in the total expense growth rate. And lastly, the net of all other expense items and allocations, reduced the expense growth rate by 100 basis points. Pulling it all together, these actions helped us reduce US Domestic expense in the fourth quarter by $578 million, which was our largest fourth quarter dollar cost reduction ever. Looking specifically at peak, as volume returned to the network and our biggest customers drove a surge in peak volume, we ran our integrated network with agility. In fact, in 2023, we closed over 30 sorts and they remain closed during peak. By leveraging our network planning tools, we took advantage of the flexibility of our integrated networks and flowed more volumes into our automated buildings. And with smart package smart facility in over 1,000 buildings, misload frequency improved 67%, contributing to the superior service we deliver to our customers. The US Domestic segment delivered $1.6 billion in operating profit, down 32.6% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. However, compared to the third quarter of 2023, operating profit in US Domestic increased $904 million and was our highest sequential operating profit increase ever. Operating margin in the fourth quarter was 9.3%, a 440 basis point improvement over the third quarter of 2023 Moving to our International segment. Soft demand continue to pressure volumes out of Asia. And in Europe, several key economies remain in recession, which pressured demand and drilled the shift away from Express Services. In response, we focused on revenue quality and adjusted our global network to match changes in geographic demand. Looking at volume, in the fourth quarter, International total average daily volume was down 8.3% year-over-year. The decline was primarily due to lower domestic average daily volume, which was down 10.8% driven by declines in Europe and Canada. Areas of the world that continue to face persistent inflationary pressures. On the export side, total average daily volume declined 5.9% on a year-over-year basis, driven by declines in Europe due to weak macro conditions. Looking at Asia, export average daily volume was down 8.9% driven by soft demand in the retail and high-tech sectors. However, export volume on the China to US lane, which is our most profitable lane increased 2.7% driven by SMBs. Nearly offsetting the decline in Asia over in the Americas region export average daily volume grew 11.9%, led by customers in Canada and Mexico, leveraging our cross-border ground service. In the fourth quarter, International revenue was $4.6 billion, which was down 6.9% from last year, primarily due to the decline in volumes. Revenue per piece increased 3.1%. Strong base pricing and a change in customer mix drove a 420 basis-point increase in the revenue per piece growth rate. A reduction in fuel surcharge revenue negatively impacted the revenue per piece growth rate by 60 basis points. And lower demand-related surcharge revenue, which was partially offset by the impact of a weaker US dollar decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 50 basis points. Moving to expense. In the fourth quarter, total international expense was down $152 million, primarily driven by lower fuel expense. Additionally, in response to the lower demand environment, we managed our network to match capacity with demand, which included reducing international block hours by 9.4%. Operating profit in the International segment was $899 million, down $192 million year-over-year. Operating margin in the fourth quarter was 19.5%. Now, looking at Supply Chain Solutions. In the fourth quarter, revenue was $3.4 billion, down $435 million year-over-year. Looking at the key drivers, in international air freight, overall volumes were down despite a mid-quarter spike in e-commerce. Market rates continue to be pressured, resulting in lower revenue and operating profit. On the ocean side, volume increased, driven by the retail sector. However, excess market capacity pressured revenue and operating profit. Within forwarding, our truckload brokerage unit known as Coyote continued to face pressure from excess capacity in the market, which drove revenue and operating profit down. In the fourth quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated operating profit of $319 million and an operating margin of 9.4%. Walking through the rest of the income statements, we had $207 million of interest expense. Our other pension income was $66 million, and our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 22.5%. Now, let me comment on our full-year 2023 results. For the full-year 2023, revenue declined 9.3% to $91 billion and we generated operating profit of $9.9 billion, a decrease of 28.7% compared to full-year 2022. Consolidated operating margin was 10.9%. We generated $10.2 billion in cash from operations and continue to follow our capital allocation priorities. We invested $5.2 billion in CapEx. Additionally, we acquired MNX Global Logistics and Happy Returns. We distributed $5.4 billion in dividends, which represented a 6.6% increase on a per share basis over 2022. We repaid $2.4 billion in debt that matured during the year. And at the end of the year, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.2 turns. Lastly, we completed $2.25 billion in share buybacks in 2023. And in the segments for the full year, in US Domestic, operating profit was $5.4 billion and operating margin was 9%. The International segment generated $3.3 billion in operating profit and operating margin was 18.4%. And Supply Chain Solutions delivered operating profit of $1.2 billion and an operating margin was 9%. With 2023 behind us, let us move to our outlook for 2024. S&P Global is forecasting an improvement in global macro conditions as the year progresses. Outside the US, real exports in Europe are expected to improve each quarter throughout the year. Looking at Asia, we saw positive momentum on the China to US lane exiting the year, and remain cautious on the outlook for 2024. In the US, the projected small package market growth rate is just under 1% excluding Amazon. A slight improvement is expected in US manufacturing and the consumer is expected to remain resilient despite lingering inflationary pressures. We've built a plan that reflects the current environment and potential risks that we see. This includes getting our organization to our strategy and aligning execution to our wildly important initiatives under what we call fit to serve. As Carol mentioned, we are exploring strategic alternatives for Coyote, our truckload brokerage business, which will enable us to address some of the cyclical impacts in our forwarding business. And we are reducing our workforce by approximately 12,000 positions. This will cut around $1 billion in costs in 2024. Moving to our 2024 financial outlook, we are providing a range based on volume growth. The low end of the range has UPS growing at market rate and the high-end of the range as us gaining share. For the full year 2024, on a consolidated basis, revenues are expected to range from approximately $92 billion to $94.5 billion, and operating margin is expected to range from approximately 10% to 10.6%. In the range provided, we expect to move total average daily volume from negative growth in the first half of the year to positive growth in the back half. This is primarily driven by lapping the volume diversion we experienced in the US last year during our labor negotiations. Additionally, cost will weigh on us in the first half of the year, primarily due to the higher labor cost inflation associated with the new contract. Looking at consolidated revenue, in the first half of the year, we expect the growth rate to decline with a range of approximately 1% to 2% with the first quarter driving the decline. And in the back half of the year, revenue growth is anticipated to be up within a range of mid-to-high single-digits. Looking at consolidated operating profit, we expect material improvement as the year progresses with the second half of the year outperforming the first half. Lastly, we expect to generate our lowest consolidated operating margin of the year in the first quarter. Now let me give you a little color on the segments. Looking at US Domestic, average daily volume growth is expected to be within a range of approximately flat-to-up 2% for the full year. At both the low and high end of the range, we expect the revenue per piece growth rate to outpace the cost per piece growth rate beginning in the third quarter and we expect to exit the year at a 10% operating margin. Moving to the International segment, we expect 2024 average daily volume to be within a range of approximately flat-to-up around 3%. At both ends of the guidance range, operating margin is anticipated to be in the high teens. And in Supply Chain Solutions, for the full year in 2024, we expect revenue to be within a range of approximately $13 billion to $13.5 billion. At both ends of the guidance range, operating margin for SCS is expected to be high-single-digits. And for modeling purposes, in total below the line, we expect approximately $400 million in expense in 2024. This is net of $262 million in pension income. We included a slide in the appendix of today's webcast deck to provide you more detail on pension. The webcast deck will be posted to the UPS Investor Relations website following this call. Now, let's turn to full year 2024 capital allocation. Our capital allocation priorities have not changed. We are staying on strategy and we'll make the best long-term decisions to capture growth, improve efficiency, and deliver value to our shareowners. We expect 2024 capital expenditures to be within our target of around 5% of revenue or $4.5 billion. Now, let's turn to our expectations for cash and the balance sheet. We expect free cash flow to be within a range of approximately $4.5 billion to $5.3 billion including our annual pension contributions of $1.4 billion, which are equal to our expected service costs. As Carol mentioned, the Board has approved a dividend per share of $1.63 for the first quarter. We are planning to pay out around $5.4 billion in dividends in 2024 subject to Board approval. Finally, our effective tax rate in 2024 is expected to be approximately 23.5%. In closing, we look at 2024 as a year to pivot away from negative volume to positive volume growth and from high labor cost inflation to a much lower growth rate. We are laser-focused on executing our strategy, controlling what we can control, and improving our financial performance. We look forward to sharing our multi-year targets in detail on our strategy at our Investor Day event on March 26th. Thank you. And operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session. Our first question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Yeah. Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. I guess I wanted to start on maybe some of the cost out. You mentioned the 12,000 positions that you're reducing and the $1 billion of cost in 2024. I was hoping maybe you could help us sort of understand the timing of that. So based on a 10% kind of run rate exiting '24, it would imply that the first quarter is fairly low. So I just want to make sure I understand some of those moving pieces and when that $1 billion is going to start to accrue?
Brian Newman: Sure. Happy to give you some color. So we talked about 12,000 heads out. 75% of the reductions will come in the first half, which drive the $1 billion in the 2024 calendar year. But you're absolutely right in terms of the timing and announcement, it will be back-end weighted. And really the thing I'd like to point out is it's a change in the way we work. So as volume returns to the system, we don't expect these jobs to come back. It's changing the effective way that we operate.
Carol Tome: And I might just add a little more color, if I could, Chris. Today we have about 495,000 UPSers around the world. A few years ago, when the COVID demand was peaking, we had 540,000 UPSers. So Kate and Nando have done a masterful job of managing our operational headcount to meet the volume in our company. And they've done that by managing turnover and attrition and closing sorts and reducing block hours, et cetera. We have about 85,000 UPSers who are management, and this can be full-time and part-time management. The targeted headcount falls really within that group as well as some contractors that will be leaving us. And to Brian's point, this is really about a new way of working. So it's a $1 billion of cost out now, but there's even more cost out to come as we have a full-year benefit in 2025.
Chris Wetherbee: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. So, just wanted to ask, on the productivity side, obviously hours down more than volume. We've had a couple of quarters of that, obviously not the third quarter this year. Is there a point where volume declines are become more difficult to offset? I'm just trying to understand the downside risk, right, if volumes continue to remain flat or weaker than you expect, how should we be thinking about the downside risk on the margin side?
Carol Tome: So we believe that productivity is a virtuous cycle here at UPS. And I'll give you one example, then I'm going to throw it over to Nando to address this. But if I look at just one metric, cube utilization, we reach the highest cube utilization in our company history at 60%. That's the equivalent of reducing 1,500 loads per day. So that's not in hours, but it's just a cost out. So we've got productivity across the operations. And Nando, why don't you talk about what you're going to do in 2024?
Nando Cesarone: Yeah. So, David, thanks for the question. For us, it is a virtuous cycle. So we're working ahead of any type of volume variability. So whether it goes up or down, we've got some of our best engineers, operations folks, finance folks, identifying additional cost-outs as we move forward, as we're executing the ones that we have in front of us. So we feel good that there's a good pipeline of opportunity no matter what the volume does. And as Carol had mentioned, we lever our hourly headcount and match that to the volume and the activity. And so far so good, but still lots in front of us and they're pretty meaty. So we feel really good about those initiatives.
Carol Tome: And at our Investor Day in March, we're going to talk to you about network of the future. We've got an integrated network. We don't have to integrate, but we can transform our network with some very exciting ideas. So we're going to share that with you in March.
David Vernon: And the rate at which resource needs is going to need to be added back on the other side you know maybe we get some volume expansion. Can you talk to the expectations for operating leverage on the upside?
Brian Newman: Yeah, I think as we look to the back end of the year, certainly the volume projections that are in there, in terms of the volume growth for the back end of the year, in that 2% to 4% range, domestically, we start to see CPP growing slower than RPP. And so that balance is what's going to create the operating margin. With the sorts we closed over 30 sorts did not reopen them during peak. So we're changing. Nando's doing an effective job of basically managing more volume with less. So we'll continue to drive that.
David Vernon: All right. Thank you, guys.
Brian Newman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, everyone. I just wanted to, Brian, on the guidance, I guess the guidance implies $9.6 billion in operating profits. You've been pretty helpful historically about giving us kind of the first-half, second-half cadence of that. And then just related to that, I want to make sure, so you said the $1 billion is included in the guidance. Can you just expand on that a little bit? Because if I take out the $1 billion, the implied change in profits relative to the improvement in revenue is quite a bit worse. So I'm just trying to understand what's actually included in the guidance from the $1 billion and how that kind of translates to what you're assuming underneath it in terms of change of profit, relative change of revenue?
Brian Newman: Sure. Happy to Amit. So, from a shape of the year perspective, the full year we called revenue at 1% to 4%. But based on lapping of the volumes and the contract overlap, we would expect revenue to be flat to down 2% in the first half, up 4% to 8% in the back half. And from a profit perspective, I had mentioned that it's a tale of two cities. In terms of halves of the year, the second half of the year, we'd expect profit to grow about 20% to 30%. So Q1 will be the biggest challenge because we're lapping from a volume comp perspective and a full contract. But on a full-year basis, we're looking at OP margin 10% to 10.6%. I think you can expect the second half of the year to be 11% to 12% in that range and you can back into the first half. In terms of your question of backing out the $1 billion in cost, that $1 billion will be a cost-benefit in 2024. But I think we've said in the past, Amit, it would take twelve months to digest the new labor cost. We are confident we can get back to consistent expansion of US margins as we lap the first year of the contract. That'll be a combination of pricing and productivity. So, net-net, it's really lapping that contract and then you start to get the benefits. As Carol said, some of those benefits would accrue over to 2025 as well.
Amit Mehrotra: And are we done there on the $1 billion or is there like there's $55 billion in total cost? I mean, are we just getting started or like what's the actual opportunity there beyond the $1 billion?
Brian Newman: So Carol talked about the differences between the Nando and Kate, the operating cost and what we're talking about management headcount. If you bifurcate the two, I think you're going to hear more at the Investor Day through things like network of the future, how we go after additional headcount in that area. But this would be about a 14% reduction in that 85,000 heads.
Carol Tome: Yeah, we're never done. We continue to drive productivity. It's a virtuous cycle here, and technology has changed so much in the past year. When you think about the advent of Generative AI and the applications inside of our business, we're just getting started and I'm really excited about what the future will mean in terms of driving productivity and as well as improving the customer experience.
Amit Mehrotra: Thank you very much.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Amit.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Just to stick with the productivity side, you've been obviously pretty dynamic with your network and you mentioned, I think, 30 close outs -- sort closures and whatnot. Can you just talk about the consolidation opportunity in '24 and how that may play out to drive further efficiencies in the business? Thank you.
Carol Tome: Yeah. We'd be happy to do that. But we're going to kick that question to our March conference because we've got a great presentation to share with you regarding network of the future, and it would take up way too much time today to go through that. We want to spend a good amount of time talking to you about that in March. So thank you for understanding.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Conor.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi. Good morning. Just want to turn to the growth aspect of it, I guess, more specifically the market share capture. Could you maybe walk through the different levers in terms of -- I know you mentioned Project Brown, your ability to recapture diverted volume, but also talking to the SMB penetration, your opportunity on the healthcare side, just any color in terms of where those levers can be pulled for that market share growth in '24? Thanks.
Carol Tome: I'll start with a few comments about Project Brown. Project Brown really is a new way of going after business and it has many elements to it, and I'll make some of those real to you. First of all, we looked at ourselves and said, what's getting in the way of speed? Because it was taking us too long to respond to a customer. And we found that we hadn't really declared service level agreements amongst the various groups that participate in this exercise of providing offers to our customers. So we shortened up the time to response and that's important and that's going to be with us now forever. I can make that real for you. Outside of the United States, it used to take 22 days. We dropped it to six days. We're now at two days. That's best in class. And we've made similar improvements in the United States. Project Brown was also looking at Deal Manager. Deal Manager is the new tool that we introduced that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to score a deal and avoid the need for our salespeople to go up to our pricing people for appeals, they can actually see the score of their deal. We've had great acceptance and win rates, 79% win rates with this tool. But we found through Project Brown that we weren't offering all of our products in the tool and one of the products we weren't offering was SurePost, which is a great product. So we introduced SurePost into the Deal Manager, and we're getting some good return on that. That's particularly attractive for our small and medium-sized customers. Another thing that we did is that we improved and increased weekend pickups in several key markets during the year. So and I could go on and on and on, but this is a way of operationalizing excellence to drive the business and capture share. So where are we going to capture share? We're going to continue to lean into the small and medium-sized segment opportunities, we're seeing some real success in that area. We're going to continue to lean into healthcare. When I started here, the healthcare revenues are around $6 billion, now at $10 billion, and we're going to continue to grow. We'll lay out our three-year growth plans for you at our March Investor Day. I think you'll be very pleased with that. We're going to continue to sell off the service that we provide and the capabilities that we have that actually no one else has, that's our integrated network. So at our Investor Day in March, we'll lay out market share capture. Let me just make the market real for you because this might be helpful too. As we think about the addressable market, the addressable market in the United States. It's a little over 52 million packages a day. So there's plenty of addressable market for us to go get. And plenty of market for us to get outside of the United States because we are underpenetrated in so many areas. One reason I called out our new air hub in the Hong Kong International Airport is that the greater China Bay area is unbelievable economic power base, the 13th largest economy in the world, 37% of all China exports go through that airport. And today, we have small way overcapacity hubs and buildings that are inefficient with lease rates that are sky high. So we are building a 20,000 square meter facility. It will make us the second largest air hub in that important part of the market. So expect to see a lot of growth coming off of that over time.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah, good morning. So I wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about the competitive dynamic in the market. I know the backdrop is that you had some share loss associated with the Teamster contract, but it also seems like there might be risks that other competitors are gaining traction in the market. So if you look at postal service had, I think, up 7% volumes and they had a new product, the ground advantage. And so I guess the question is, is there a risk that the competitive set has got more challenging? And how do we think about what you need to do to have a better volume outcome in 2024? Is there more pressure on price, or is it a different formula to get the better volume outcome in '24? Thank you.
Carol Tome: So I would say that the pricing environment is very rational. And you can see that as Brian ticked out the RPP performance in the fourth quarter, we had very strong base rate performance. Now the RPP was muted because of lower fuel costs and product characteristics and the product mix change and lower demand surcharges, but the base was very strong. And we expect the base to continue into 2024, our GRI for 2024 is 5.9%. Will we keep all of it? No. But will we keep a lot of it? Yes, just like we did in 2023, we kept about 60% of the GRI in 2023. So the pricing environment is rational. In terms of competitive products, it's incumbent upon us to stay at leading edge and meeting our customers where they want us to be. That's one reason we offered a hyper-local product beginning last quarter, which is really a short-zone product. We haven't had that before. And as we look at the offerings that we will go to market with this year, we've got some things underway, not ready for prime time, but I suspect looking over at our new Chief Commercial Officer, Matt Guffey, that we might be able to talk about that at our March investor conference and he's nodding his head. So stay tuned for that.
Tom Wadewitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. I'm going to defer the big picture stuff to March. But I'm just kind of curious, how did your global view changed between when we were discussing the labor deal back in August, September to the year-end? You mentioned the softness in Europe. You mentioned the shift from air to ground, but kind of what were the big changes in your outlook over that four, five-month period?
Carol Tome: Well, what really softened up was Europe. If you look at our volume decline, both domestic and export, it was heavily weighted in Europe. In fact, the decline in our export was 94%, driven by the softness in Europe. So you see what's happening with industrial manufacturing there is just way off. So that is a big change. There are also dynamics happening in air and ocean freight as you've been watching. We've all been watching the drama in the Red Sea, the fact that the water levels in the Panama Canal are low, and that certainly is causing a lot of chaos actually in ocean and air freights. Interestingly, on the air side, both rates and volumes were down. On the ocean side, volumes are up. But as Brian called out, the rates were considerably down. As we sit here today, it's a very dynamic market and ever-changing. A little hard to predict candid like is what we're seeing today is for shippers who have high value packages, they're actually -- they're worried about the ocean conditions, so they're moving to the air. So air rates are tightening a bit. And on the ocean side, because shippers are starting to have to reroute away from the Red Sea or the Panama Canal, the routing is taking longer, so there's some change to the dynamics of the pricing there too. We just have to stay super nimble here and Kate and her team are doing a great job at that. Kate, what would you like to add here?
Kate Gutmann: Yeah, I would say that the market remains volatile, even in Europe with the drop off in the inflationary softening. We were able to pull back on the cost to deliver a great margin, and that's our commitment. And then to ensure that in the forwarding side of the house, as we've done, stay just razor sharp to ensure that we are right on track with any trend that we see. And I'm really proud of the team because we have got the initiative to gain those customers with high-value goods and that international air freight that's coming as a result.
Jeff Kauffman: And just if I could follow up on that answer. So given the global events with Suez Canal, Panama Canal, looking at the lemonade out of lemons side of this, is this a bigger opportunity for you in Europe? Or is this a bigger opportunity for air out of Asia?
Kate Gutmann: It actually is first showing up Asia to Europe lane. And -- but I will say this is going to be repositioning of vessels around the globe. It's going to be a global event. So we see it as an opportunity throughout and our sales resources are global. Our portfolio is global. So UPS is very well positioned to take advantage of it.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay, thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Can you guys speak to your enterprise customers and the volume trends that you saw in the fourth quarter and expectations going into 2024? And maybe compare and contrast that with B2B as well as your small, medium business mix?
Brian Newman: So happy to, Brandon. We were actually pleased with the volume momentum. We were at a low watermark in August of last year, down 15%, and we saw sequential monthly improvement as we looked at our volume domestically from an ADV perspective, down to mid-single-digit declines in the month of December. So that trend continues to play out well. We're going to see some tough comps, though, in the first quarter, so I wouldn't expect positive volume growth in Q1. We start to see positive volume growth in Q2 and then certainly in the back half of the year as the comps change. SMB, Carol mentioned, very focused on penetration on the SMB side and specifically some of the medium SMB customers. We've stated we would like to see that mix trend up to 30% plus. We finished the year at 28%. So we're well on our way in that direction.
Carol Tome: Maybe another comment because this is just an interesting observation on the market. If I look at our top five decliners in the quarter, that would include our largest customer and there's an intentional decline there. But then if I look at the remaining decliners, it's really interesting to see what's happening. Of those, only one has diverted some volume. They're a dual sourcer and they have diverted some volume. And I suspect they'll stay dual-sourcing. The rest, either their business is just way off or they have worked really hard to create a better experience inside the store to encourage buy online pick up in store. So there is a bit of dynamic happening within our large enterprise customers. I think for all of us, we're delighted to have anniversaried the demand that we saw through COVID. Now that that's behind us, now that the volume for the small package market has reverted back to the mean, this is an opportunity now for everyone to grow.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you both.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Brandon.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Yeah, guys. Thanks very much, everybody, and thanks team for the time. So on Coyote, when you did the acquisition, what did you think the benefits would be that made it important to do the acquisition? And then what really would actually happened that is causing you to rethink how Coyote fits in the network? And my follow-up question is then related. You recently bought two 747-8 freighters, I saw. And I'm just wondering if you bought those off lease or where they came from since Boeing doesn't make the 747 anymore? Thank you.
Carol Tome: I'm happy to address the Coyote question to the best of my ability. I was on the Board in 2015 when we bought the company but the strategic rationale was really about expanding the portfolio. And it was a very thoughtful strategic rationale to expand the portfolio. But I don't think we fully understood at the time was just how cyclical this business is. And I'll make it real for you. When we acquired Coyote in 2015, the revenue in the previous year for Coyote were $2.1 billion. During COVID, Coyote peaked up to over $4 billion in revenue. Well, it's gone way down since then. In fact, if you look at our Supply Chain Solutions business, it was down $3 billion year-on-year, which is a third of the overall company decline. Within that $3 billion, Coyote made up 38% of the decline for the year and 48% of the decline for the fourth quarter. So you can see the volatility in the revenue line, and then we've got a business that has a very low margin. So if you've got that kind of volatility on the revenue line, you're going to have even more volatility on the earnings line. So we're like, gosh, is there are another way to skin this cat. Can we think about an alternative that continues to allow us to provide the service but without all the overhead? Or perhaps this business is worth more to someone else than it is to us. We don't know. We don't know the outcome of our alternative work. But as soon as we do, we'll share that with you. And on the freighter question.
Brian Newman: So the two planes were picked up through Qatar and really it's part of a broader airline strategy to retire some of the MD11s in terms of efficiency and sustainability.
Helane Becker: Got it. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to follow up on a couple of things on the guidance. Brian, I know you said 10% US margin exiting the year. Any color on the shape of the year? You also talked a couple of times about just Q1 being hard. Any more specific color on Q1 and then just lastly, I know every year on this call, you typically give an update on the biggest customer exposure, if you can give us an update there? Thank you.
Brian Newman: Happy to, Scott. So from a domestic margin perspective, we're looking at the back half of the year being in the range of -- from an OP profit perspective, we're looking at 20% to 30% growth, Scott, from a margin will be in the 10-plus range for the fourth quarter. The challenge we have is the first quarter, we actually expect to be down in the neighborhood. We had a low mortar mark in Q3 of last year. So we're not going to be down to that point, but I don't think we'll be much better from a margin perspective in the US in the first quarter of this year. From an Amazon perspective, we finished the year at 11.8%. And that was not due to an increase in the business. We're still executing our plan with them in terms of a glide-down. It was more to the overall enterprise revenue coming down as a part of the enterprise.
Carol Tome: It just came down faster than Amazon, yeah.
Brian Newman: Exactly.
PJ Guido: Steven, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, sir.
Jordan Alliger: Hi, good morning. So I was sort of thinking about the small package growth that you guys targeted at less than 1% this year. Feels pretty conservative after a couple of years of probably negative industry growth as well. So I'm just sort of curious what's informing that? Is that your economic outlook, your forecast? And then maybe this is your Analyst Day, you'll address it, but sort of on a normalized basis, what kind of small package domestic growth, underlying industry growth you think about over a longer-term basis? Thanks.
Carol Tome: Yeah. The longer-term view is very good. It's 3%. So that's really good growth actually. And we're looking forward to getting into that growth mode. We use a number of external factors to inform our perspective on the market growth. We triangulate from a number of different sources and come up with our best view. This is our best view.
Jordan Alliger: Okay, thanks.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Jordan.
Operator: I will now turn the floor back over to our host, Mr. PJ Guido. Please go ahead, sir.
PJ Guido: Thank you, Steven. This concludes our call. Thank you for joining, and have a good day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. PJ Guido, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
PJ Guido: Good morning and welcome to the UPS third quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements, within the federal securities laws, and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2022 Form 10-K and other reports we filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website, and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion refers to adjusted results. For the third quarter of 2023, GAAP results include an after-tax charge of $219 million, or $0.26 per diluted share, comprised of a one-time payment of $46 million to certain US-based non-union part-time supervisors, transformation and other charges of $70 million, and non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $103 million. A reconciliation to GAAP financial results is available on the UPS Investor Relations website along with the webcast of today's call. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions] Please ask only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue, for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome: Thanks, PJ, and good morning. Let me begin by thanking UPSers for their hard work and effort. Our US labor contract wasn't fully ratified until early September and I'm proud of our UPSers for staying focused during the entire labor negotiation and for providing industry-leading service to our customer. We expected conditions in the third quarter to be challenging and they were. The global macroenvironment remained weak, with some countries in recession, which pressured international and freight forwarding volume. And in the US, labor uncertainty negatively impacted volume from most of the quarter. From a demand perspective, August proved to be the most challenging, as some customers waited for the ratification of our Teamster contract, before returning volume to our network. Since contract ratification, we've been gaining volume momentum. We exited the last week of September with US average daily volume or ADV down 7.4%, a marked improvement from the rest of the quarter. Our sales people have produced record results and the combination of win-back and new customers. To-date, we've won back roughly 600,000 ADV of diverted volume and we are working to win back all diverted volume by the end of the year. And looking at our sales pipeline, we're pulling through new customers that value our superior on-time performance, and want to come to UPS, prior to the busy peak holiday season. Moving to our financial results, our third quarter performance while down considerably from last year, was in line with our expectations, and factored in both the timing of contract ratification, and higher labor costs, resulting from the new labor contract. Consolidated revenue in the third quarter was $21.1 billion, down 12.8% compared to last year. Operating profit was $1.6 billion, a decrease of 48.7% from last year, and consolidated operating margin was 7.7%. Brian will provide more details on our performance in a moment. With the third quarter behind us, we are laser-focused on restoring volume in our network, and executing our strategy to deliver shareowner value. So let me turn to our strategic update. Our customer-first, people-led, innovation-driven strategy is enabling us to stay focused on our core business, and invest to grow in the most attractive parts of the market like healthcare and with SMB. Starting with customer first, under our better and bolder framework, we recently announced two acquisitions that will further drive growth in healthcare logistics and in end-to-end returns solution. One of our strategic objectives is to become the number one complex healthcare logistics provider in the world and we are making bold moves to get us there. Last year's acquisition of Bomi, and our recently announced pending acquisition of MNX Global Logistics are two examples of bold moves in healthcare. MNX is an industry leader in time-critical and temperature-sensitive logistics, tailor-made for the complex needs of global healthcare. By combining MNX with UPS Express Critical, and our Global Integrated Network, we will enhance the speed and reliability of our healthcare portfolio. With MNX, UPS will be able to reach new healthcare markets like in Asia, and new customers like the radiopharmaceutical sector. To further support our healthcare strategy, this year, we've opened seven dedicated healthcare facilities in Europe and in the US. And the acquisition of Bomi, further strengthen our healthcare footprint in Europe and Latin America. Since 2020, we have more than doubled our healthcare distribution space globally. These efforts and more are keeping us on track to reach our $10 billion healthcare revenue target this year, and we're just getting started. Turning to returns, with the explosion of e-commerce demand, our returns business has been a key area of growth over the last several years. What we've seen over this time is an increasing desire on the part of both our customers and our recipient, for a frictionless, and simple end-to-end returns experience. We've been building out this experience. But to help us get there faster, we just entered into an agreement to acquire Happy Returns, a technology-focused company that enables frictionless, no-box, no-label return. By combining Happy Returns' easy digital experience, and established drop-off point, with UPS's small package network, and footprint of both to 5,200 UPS store locations, box-free, label-free returns will soon be available at more than 12,000 convenient locations in the US, but our plans for returns don't stop at convenience. For our enterprise retail customers, we plan to provide a consolidated return solution that will lower their costs, and improve their experience. And for UPS, Happy Returns expands our returns portfolio, with an innovative solution, that will generate profitable B2B volume, and help drive pickup and delivery density. For us, customer first isn't just about growth, it's about meeting customer needs. To that end, we are continuing to improve the delivery experience, with the expansion of UPS delivery photo. 92% of our residential stops globally include a photo that shows exactly where the package was delivered. Not only does delivery photo provide peace of mind to recipient, but we get fewer calls about missing packages. With delivery photo, UPS has seen a reduction in US delivery-related support requests of more than 15%. We're also harnessing our data to deliver more agile, and targeted products that meet our customers' needs. Our latest example is a new product we call hyperlocal, which leverages the footprint of our US facilities, to provide select customers with a fast next-day delivery option, within a metro area. Hyperlocal enables us to capture new profitable B2C and B2B volume, and was launched in October as a new service offering. Let me quickly touch on DAP, our digital access program. We are continuing to grow SMB volume with DAP. In the third quarter, we launched 10 new partners in time for peak. In the first nine months of this year, we generated $2.1 billion in DAP revenues, and we expect to deliver $3 billion in DAP revenue for the year. Let's turn to innovation driven. UPS has been a technology company since our founding, and we are adding transformative technology in our operations, that will increase efficiency, and improve the employee experience. Smart package, smart facility, our RFID solution, is one way we're driving efficiency, and I'm pleased that we are wrapping up our Phase 1 rollout in our US facility. The improvements we are seeing in our preload operations are even better than we expected, with nearly 200 of our buildings seeing this load rates in one and 2,500 packages are better. Deployment of Phase 2 is already underway, which equipped our packaged cars with RFID readers. Over time, this will allow us to virtually scan smart packages during pickup, and eliminate delivery scans during bulk delivery stops. Both of which will enhance customer visibility, and make our drivers more efficient. Another example of transformative technology is robotics. Specifically, starting a Supply Chain Solutions, we are implementing robotics unload technology inside our trailers to unload packages more efficiently. These robots navigate the inside of the trailer, and can unload multiple box types and sizes autonomously. Now, it's still early days with this technology, but we are seeing many opportunities to further expand the use of robotics across our networks. Turning to the fourth quarter, we are preparing for peak. Over the past five years, our service during peak has been better than our closest competitor by an average of 310 basis points. Service matters all the time, but especially at peak. So to prepare, we are collaborating with customers on volume projections, and the timing of their promotions. We will also leverage technology, like our network planning tools, to control how the volume comes in, utilize available capacity, and adjust the networks to operate as efficiently as possible. Regarding peak hiring, our people-led strategy enables greater flexibility to serve our customers during the holiday rush. For example, our experienced part-time employees have now become seasonal support drivers. This enables them to deliver packages using their own vehicles, before or after their regular shifts. In addition, we plan to hire over 100,000 seasonal employees to help process and deliver holiday volume. This year, we've made it even easier and faster to apply for a job, as we shorten the digital process to less than 20 minutes, and building out an online application to receiving a job offer. Regarding our financial outlook, we made changes based on what we're seeing in the market. We still expect to have healthy peak volume in the fourth quarter. So based on what appears to be slowing demand in all business segments, we are revising our guidance accordingly. Brian will share more detail in a moment. Back in January, I said that 2023 would be a year of resilience, and it has been. Our Founder Jim Casey said, determined people working together can do anything. During the year, we accelerated the deployment of smart package, smart facility, and made strategic acquisitions to grow in the best parts of the market. We delivered a labor agreement, that provides certainty for the next five years. We are operating with greater speed and agility, controlling what we can control, and we are staying on strategy. With that thank you for listening and now I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol, and good morning. In my comments today, I'll cover four areas. I'll start with the macro, followed by our third quarter results. Next, I'll cover cash and shareowner returns. Then, I'll provide detail around our updated guidance. The macroenvironment in the third quarter was challenging. The weakness we saw in the second quarter continued into the third quarter, especially in Asia and Europe. Real exports and industrial production moved lower due to falling demand, and global consumer conditions did not significantly change. In the US, we faced tough conditions due to several factors. To begin, the volume diversion we experienced in the second quarter continued into the third quarter, which led to more volume diversions than we anticipated. Next, some customers that diverted, waited until our Teamster contract was fully ratified in September, before returning volume to our network. And lastly, we incurred higher labor costs associated with new contract, and added headcount earlier than normal to ramp-up for peak, so that we can ensure we maintain our industry-leading service levels. Through the end of the quarter, we adjusted our integrated network, to support our customers' needs, managed cost, and stayed focused on bringing volume back into our network. Looking at our financial results for the quarter, consolidated revenue was $21.1 billion, down 12.8% from last year. Consolidated operating profit was $1.6 billion, down 48.7% compared to the same period last year. Consolidated operating margin was 7.7%. For the third quarter, diluted earnings per share was $1.57 down 47.5% from the same period last year. Now, let's look at our business segments. In US Domestic, we knew the third quarter would be a challenge, and it was, due to our labor negotiations, higher costs, and a dynamic economic backdrop. As we discussed on our last call, we ended the second quarter with an average daily volume in June, down 12.2%. As contract negotiations became later and louder, we saw more volume diversion than we anticipated. August represented the low watermark when average daily volume was down 15.2% year-over-year. Post ratification, we exited the third quarter half that way, and we're continuing to see our week-over-week volume levels improve, despite a challenging retail backdrop. In the US, in the third quarter, average daily volume was down 11.5%, and we estimate the impact of volume diversion reduced our volume by approximately 1.5 million packages per day. Moving to mix, in the third quarter, we saw lower volumes across all industry sectors, with the largest declines from retail and high-tech. B2C average daily volume declined 13.4% compared to last year, and B2B, average daily volume was down 9%. In the third quarter, B2B represented 44% of our volume, which was an increase of 120 basis points from a year ago. Also in the third quarter, we continued to see customers shift volumes out of the air, onto the ground. Total air average daily volume was down 15.8% year-over-year, with about half of the decline coming from our largest customer, as anticipated. Ground average daily volume was down 10.7%. In terms of customer mix, in the third quarter, SMBs, including platforms, made up 28.5% of our total US volume, an increase of 20 basis points year-over-year. For the quarter, US Domestic generated revenue of $13.7 billion, down 11.1%. Despite lower volume, we remained disciplined on revenue quality. In the third quarter, revenue per piece increased 2%. Looking at the key drivers, the combination of strong base rates, and improved customer and product mix increased the revenue per piece growth rate by 410 basis points. Changes in fuel prices decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 190 basis points. The remaining 20 basis points of decline was driven by multiple factors including package characteristics. Turning to costs, total expense was down 5.1% in the third quarter. Compensation and benefits decreased the total expense growth rate by around 50 basis points. Total union wage rates were up 11.5% in the third quarter, primarily driven by the contractual wage increase that went into effect on August 1st. Additionally, we began network preparations for peak. Offsetting the total increase in compensation and benefits, we leveraged our total service plan, and network planning tools, to reduce total hours in the third quarter by 11.4%. We reduced the expense growth rate for purchase transportation by around 190 basis points, primarily from lower volume levels, and our continued optimization efforts. Lower fuel costs contributed 170 basis points to the decrease in total expense growth rate. The net of all other expense items and allocations reduced the expense growth rate by 100 basis points. The US Domestic segment delivered $665 million in operating profit, down 60.6% compared to the third quarter of 2022, and operating margin was 4.9%. Moving to our International segment, macro conditions were uneven in the third quarter with some regions of the world were challenged than others. Continued falling demand pressured Asia, and in Europe, consumers continued to contend with high inflation, and tight financial conditions. In response, we adjusted headcount and block hours, in our global networks to match changes in geographic demand. In the quarter, international total average daily volume was down 6.6% year-over-year. Nearly three quarters of the decline came from lower domestic average daily volume, which was down 9.1%, driven primarily by declines in Europe. On the export side, average daily volume declined 4.1% on a year-over-year basis. Looking at Asia, export average daily volume was down 8%, and export volume on the China to US lane, which is our most profitable lane, was down 10.3% year-over-year. One bright spot was the Americas region, where export average daily volume grew 4.7%, led by Canada and Mexico, leveraging our cross-border ground service. In the third quarter, International revenue was $4.3 billion, which was down 11.1% from last year, due to the decline in volume and a 1.4% reduction in revenue per piece. The decline in revenue per piece was driven by several factors. Lower fuel surcharge revenue contributed 230 basis points to the revenue per piece growth rate decrease, a reduction in demand-related surcharge revenue contributed 200 basis points to the decline, partially offsetting the decline multiple factors increased the revenue per piece growth rate by 290 basis points, including strong base rates, and a weaker US dollar. Moving to costs, in the third quarter, total international costs was down $203 million, primarily driven by lower fuel expense. In response to lower demand, we adjusted our integrated network and cut costs, which included reducing international block hours by 13.9% compared to last year, and reducing headcount in operations and overhead functions by a total of 2,300 positions, and we did all of this while continuing to deliver excellent service to our customers. Operating profit in the International segment was $675 million, down $329 million year-over-year, which included a $98 million reduction in demand-related surcharge revenue. Operating margin in the third quarter was 15.8%. Now looking at Supply Chain Solutions, in the third quarter, revenue was $3.1 billion, down $854 million year-over-year. Looking at the key drivers, let's start with forwarding. In international air freight, softer global demand, and lower volume, resulted in a decline in revenue and operating profit. On the ocean side, demand flipped positive, driven by the retail sector, and generated volume growth. However, excess market capacity pressured revenue and operating profit. In response to the dynamic forwarding market, we cut operating costs. Within forwarding, our truckload brokerage unit continued to face pressure from excess capacity in the market, which drove revenue and operating profit down. Logistics delivered revenue and operating profit growth. In the third quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated operating profit of $275 million, and an operating margin of 8.8%. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $199 million of interest expense. Our other pension income was $66 million, and our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 12.6%, which benefited from certain discrete items, including tax credits and global audit resolutions. Now, let's turn to cash and shareowner returns. Year-to-date, we generated $7.8 billion in cash from operations, and free cash flow was $4.9 billion. And so far this year, UPS has paid $4 billion in dividends, and we've completed $2.25 billion in share buybacks. Now, I'll share a few comments about our outlook. We expected 2023 to be a bumpy year, and it has been. We've navigated record-high inflation, rising interest rates, disruptions in China, a war in Eastern Europe, now a humanitarian crisis in Israel and Gaza, and the disruption around our US labor negotiations. Through all of this, we remained focused on controlling what we can control, and are continuing to adjust the network to match volume levels, and deliver industry-leading service to our customers. Since our last earnings call, the global demand environment has slowed, and macroeconomic conditions remain challenging. As a result, we've lowered our full-year guidance, and have provided a range to reflect the uncertainty in the market. We now expect consolidated revenue to be between $91.3 billion and $92.3 billion, and consolidated operating margin to be between 10.8% and 11.3%. Let me walk you through our assumptions for the guidance range. In the US, we are winning back volume at a rapid pace, but we've also seen demand softness due to several factors, with many of our customers who did not divert. Additionally, while consumer spending has been resilient in 2023, headwinds are mounting for the consumer in the fourth quarter, and looking at estimates for holiday retail sales this year, increases range from over 4% to 12%. Moving to international, a further downturn in exports and lower consumer spending in some of the largest European markets, including Germany and the UK are negatively impacting volume. And exports on our most profitable trade lane, which is China to the US, are not improving at the pace we had expected. Finally in forwarding, air and ocean capacity has increased, which is putting additional downward pressure on market rates. In fact, in ocean, there was extreme overcapacity versus demand in the market, and the forwarding demand outlook in the fourth quarter remains weak. Turning to capital allocation for the full-year, capital expenditures are still expected to be about $5.3 billion. We are still planning to pay out around $5.4 billion in dividends in 2023, subject to Board approval. We have repaid $1.6 billion in debt this year as planned, and expect to repay an additional EUR700 million of debt in the fourth quarter. We now expect $2.25 billion in share buybacks in 2023, which we have already completed. In the fourth quarter, we're redeploying cash, back into the business for growth initiatives, such as strategic acquisitions to drive shareowner value. And lastly, we expect the tax rate for the full-year to be approximately 22%. In closing, while navigating a very challenging macroenvironment, we remain focused on the job in hand. For the past five years, we've held the record as the industry-leader in service during peak. We intend to do it again this year. Thank you. And operator, please open the lines.
PJ Guido: Steven, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: We will begin the question-and-answer period and our first question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks, good morning guys. Maybe to start on the guidance, and specifically for the fourth quarter, so I think it implies a pretty meaningful step-up in operating profit, and we understand that, you know, I'm guessing ADV probably has a significant piece to do with that improvement in the operating profit for how low it was in the third quarter, but maybe you could help us bridge from how we're going to get from the third quarter, which, obviously, was quite challenged to what is a significant improvement sequentially. In that context, maybe if you could give us with the help of with what October ADV looks like on the domestic side. I think it's a very important number, so kind of curious if you can help us with that too.
Brian Newman: Sure, happy to, Chris. Good morning. So, if you look at the bridge, I'll take the low end from -- so Q3, we put -- posted $665 million in operating profit. To get to the low end of the guide, it would require about $800 million in profit. The two biggest drivers of that are volume and revenue quality. The productivity that the teams are generating, Nando in the US, is offsetting the labor contract step-up because you realize we have three months in the third and fourth quarter, and we had two months of the new labor contract in the second. Your question on volume, as we think about volume and revenue quality, those two alone provide a majority of the 800 step up, but if you think about where we were in August, and where we are in October, the momentum is increasing. We had a low watermark as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, down 15% in terms of ADV volume in August. That translates to around 16 million pieces from an ADV perspective. That's actually, in October, we're seeing 19 million pieces, so we've seen that step-up. I went back, Chris, and looked at last year, and the August to October step-up, was 1.5 million pieces. This year, the August to October step-up is 2.7 million pieces, so from a glide path and a trajectory, we're seeing momentum, the absolute levels are coming up, and that's what led to the guide.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Just want to go back to the comments on the recapture trends. I think you mentioned it's really starting in September in terms of that recapture rate. Is that like a huge acceleration in terms of what you're seeing in October? Is it from that recapture? And then, also related to that, is there any cost associated with that volume you're recapturing today? Thanks.
Carol Tome: So we're really pleased with how we're recapturing volume back in our business. We have recaptured over 600,000 pieces per day of the volume that was lost and I will say, 50% of that recapture is coming from our largest competitor. The recapture continues day by day, but it's not just about recapturing what we lost, it's about growing new business. You may recall, Allison, at the end of the second quarter, we said we had about a $7 billion pipeline of new business. Today, we've won about 25% of that pipeline. Now, that $7 billion is an annualized number. So, all those packages and volume haven't come into the network yet, it will come in over the next year. So, I couldn't be more pleased with how our sales team is performing, and winning new accounts, and winning back volume that deferred.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then, just as a follow-up to the recapture, any cost associated with that recapture that you have to make?
Carol Tome: There's no material costs associated with the recapture. Customers are coming back because of our superior service.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, thanks for taking the question, guys. So, Brian, you mentioned the $800 million step-up. That's incremental sequential from 3Q to 4Q. I just want to make sure that I heard that correctly. That's the low end of your guidance range assumption?
Brian Newman: That's right, Dave.
David Vernon: Okay. And then -- and maybe more bigger picture, right. As we think about the exit rate kind of implied in the guide, I think, it works out to something like down 20% year-over-year at EBIT. How do we think about that build back in 2024. You know, in the front half, obviously, you have inflation, which you've got the GRI to offset. Should we be expecting that sort of, you know, second derivative rate of change to slowly get better, and then snapback, or does it get, you know, meaningfully better in sort of 1Q, 2Q? How do we think about the shape of 2024, and how it's stepping up to recover in the domestic margin side?
Brian Newman: So two big pieces of sort of forward momentum, Dave. One is the exit rate on volume. Carol just talked about the win-back, and also the pipeline of new business. So going into next year, getting back on level footing with a system that has higher ADV will help us certainly from a cost and margin perspective, the revenue per piece we announced a 5.9% GRI, so that will be coming in. We talked to you recently about the cost overhang of the contract, that goes from August-to-August, so I would tell you from a shape, certainly the first half of the year will be more challenged than the back half of the year. Back half of the year, we get into two to three-year glide path with lower inflation per year, and then, so pricing and productivity can help expand the margins. But those are the pluses and minuses as we look into '24. Obviously, we'll go into a lot more detail March '26 when we get together with you all for our next Investor Day.
David Vernon: And that rate of change in the first half better than 4Q?
Brian Newman: Let me come back to you, Dave, but we're certainly building momentum.
Carol Tome: Let's finish of the year, Dave, and then, we'll give you some color about 2024.
David Vernon: So always about 2024. Thanks for the time.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yeah. I was wondering if you could give some color on your confidence level on the new revenue range. How much certainty do you feel the visibility, and what frames the high end, low end? Thank you.
Brian Newman: So thanks, Jordan, for the question. Look, we feel good about the revenue range. We've narrowed it to $1 billion, and I think the thing that's going to drive the upper end versus the lower end, really has to do with the retail backdrop. I mentioned in my script, there's sort of the broad range of the online retail sales for the holiday period. To the extent it's in the higher end of that, we'll have more volume, and more revenue, to the extent it comes in with some of the risks we're seeing is towards the lower end.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Jordan.
Operator: Our next question --
Carol Tome: Maybe one other comment, if I could, Brian, on the volume range. We know which of our customers peak during peak. There are about a 117 customers in the US that make up about 86% of our peak volume. We're sitting down with each of those customers, understanding what their plans are, as we work on our operating plans to make sure we deliver superior service, having that insight, if you will, gives us a lot of confidence in the US volume numbers that Brian shared with you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah. You made a couple of comments on the volume that you're recapturing, and I just want to make sure I understand it. I guess, it's an important point. So, I think, Carol, you said 600,000 pieces a day have been recaptured. But then, Brian, you said kind of last year, the August to October was 1.5 million and it's 2.7 million increase this year. So that implies, I guess 1.2 million increase. So, I just wondered if you could give a little more perspective of kind of where we're at in October, and how much of that loss business has been recaptured, and then, I guess, another way you framed it was December. You were going to get back to flat volumes before. I think it was a prior comment. Do you still think you can do that, or are we thinking December volumes are down? Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yeah, Tom. So, to frame it up for you, we were trying to get December back to flat versus prior year. I think the guide now implies from a low-single-digit to a mid-single-digit in the month of December, and that's pending some of the backdrop I just talked about in terms of the retail outlook. So, from a momentum perspective, I gave in August to an October number, but as Carol mentioned, we lost 1.5 million or we had diverted 1.5 million pieces. We've seen 40% of that, roughly 600,000 pieces already come back to the system. We're also pushing forward with new business that Carol referenced as well.
Tom Wadewitz: Okay, thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Joe Hafling: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for the questions. This is Joe Hafling on for Stephanie Moore. I had maybe a conceptual question on sort of the recapture, looking at the near term. Given its peak season, and customers are focused on their own execution right now, does this limit your ability to win back volumes in the near term, and shippers don't want to disrupt any of the plans that they've already got in place? Obviously, you've highlighted the capture rates sort of September-October, but just wondering if that slows down as we kind of get into November-December, just as shippers don't want to disrupt their own operations right now?
Carol Tome: Actually, it's accelerating. Customers want to come back into our network before peak because of our superior service that we've exhibited over the past five years.
Joe Hafling: Got you. Thank you so much and helpful.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey. Great. Good morning. If I could just clarify one thing on the step-up, I think to Allison, do you say you're not using increasing pricing as you get towards the tail end of that volume gain? And then, my question is on international, right. You're looking, I guess, Brian, to really snapback closer back to that 20% range. Is that kind of what you are still looking at in terms of margins at international as we move into the fourth quarter? I just want to understand the shift from peak versus belly space coming back on, and the impacts to margin there?
Brian Newman: Yeah. On the first question, Ken, obviously, you've got volume and pricing. I was talking to with Allison about the volume component. We have announced a 6% to 7% peak season surcharge. So that's, obviously, flowing through from a revenue standpoint in the fourth quarter as well.
Carol Tome: I think Allison's question was, are there costs associated with winning back volume. And as I responded, not meaningful. Ken, from time to time, we have found customers who diverted, and they entered into longer-term contracts, and we might help them to exit those longer-term contracts, but it's not a meaningful discount. It's just we might help them. It's nothing measurable.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning. So, hey, Brian, one of the earlier questions about the bridge from Q3 to Q4, you answered it sort of how do we get to the low end. So, should we think that the low end of the range is more of your base case? I just want to understand sort of that answer. And then, can you just maybe, more explicitly, just talk about what your -- the margin expectations are for each of the segments in Q4? Just -- I wasn't sure what you were -- what you're thinking for each business. Margin or profit, however you want to answer, yeah.
Brian Newman: I have a walk in front of me for the high end and the low end, so I can give it to either range, and I think it's retail backdrop uncertainty that drives the delta in volume, which drives the delta in profit. So, it's the same levers. It's the volume and the revenue quality, really driving the majority at a higher component, at the high end versus the $800 million I referenced at the lower end. So net-net, I think from a margin shape standpoint, we finished Q3 mid-single-digit in the US. Obviously, that's a very low watermark, driven by the volumes we saw in the quarter. We're looking in the fourth quarter to step back up into that high-single-digit, low-double-digit range. And so, getting back to the trajectory, and then from an international perspective, we were at 15.8% in the third quarter. I think Kate and the team have planned largely through controlling what we can control, whether it's block hours, whether it's headcount. Taking that and they've done a good job of demonstrating that Q1 was 18% margin International, Q2 was a 20%, so we're probably in the middle of that range for the fourth quarter. Hopefully that helps.
Scott Group: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thank you, operator. Hi, everybody. I guess maybe just a very simple question, I guess, is when do we return to margin expansion in domestic? I mean RPP, CPP spread was really negatively wide in the third quarter. I assume it's still negative, albeit less so in the fourth quarter. Can we get to a situation where we get back to year-on-year margin expansion in early next year or do we have to wait until August when the labor really -- inflation really steps down?
Carol Tome: Well, maybe just an observation on the US margin in the third quarter. Recall that we had $500 million of expense related to our Teamster contract in the third quarter. If we back that out, the US margin would have been 8.5%. 8.5% on volume down a 11% is not a bad margin. So, we've got a bit of pressure on the margin that we shared with you because of our new contract. The contract is front-end loaded. We're bearing the pain of that front-end load. For a five-year contract that's very attractive. The compounded annual growth rate on the five years is 3.3%. So once we get through this first front-end load with 46% of the cost in the first year, once we get through that, the margin is going to grow. It's going to grow in a big way. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Amit Mehrotra: I mean, it kind of is helpful, but I mean, I guess, the question is that, are we stuck in this return profile through the first half of next year, and then we see a step function improvement, or can we see improvement as you guys maybe rip off some of the -- rip out some of those seasonal costs in the first quarter, and we can get back to year-on-year growth in the first quarter even?
Carol Tome: No again -- absolutely fair question, Amit. Let us finish this year. Then, we will give you guidance for 2024, and we can break it down by quarter, if that's going to be helpful.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Yep.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Christyne McGarvey: Hey, guys. Good morning. This is Christyne McGarvey on for Ravi. I wanted to take a step back and ask about kind of the path to some of the longer-term targets that you set out at your previous Investor Day particularly just on some of the macro assumptions that you think you'll need to get there. You've seen definitely muted consumer spending in the last 18 months, but not a collapse. So how much of an uptick in consumer spending do you need to get there or maybe said another way, kind of how much do you feel is in -- directly in your control?
Carol Tome: So, as we look at the small package volume in the United States, what we're seeing is basically a reversion to mean. So, we're at pre-pandemic levels. And I think our learning -- all of our learnings is that, if the pipeline spikes because of an event, things are going to revert back to the main. If you look at the growth rates projected for the small package market in the United States, it's low single-digits for the next couple of years. So we plan to grow not just at the market, but ahead of the market because of the investments that we're making with new products, new capabilities and actually new acquisitions, which we're very excited about. And maybe I'll just take a minute to talk about Happy Returns, which we just announced last night. Our returns business has been pretty growthy because of the explosion of e-commerce. It's grown 25% since 2020. And we like this business a lot. But we know we can offer a better experience for our retailers because it's expensive. Retailers estimate that between 20% and 30% of all online orders are returned, and it cost them on average, about $33 to process that return. So it's Happy Returns. We're going to offer consolidated returns for our customers, which will reduce their handling costs. Actually improve our delivery density. So it's a win-win-win. And so we're going to put the pedal to the metal in terms of growing the returns business because it's a very good business for us and one that our customers need a sale force. So I'm excited about that. The other acquisition that I'm excited about is in health care. Our health care business will be $10 billion this year against an addressable market that's over $100 billion. We're going to grow that market. It's got double-digit margins. We're going to grow it because we need to grow it. It's important for the world. It's important for humanity. And we are the best in the world access. So that doesn't require any consumer spending. That's just leading into a market share capture with the capabilities that we are investing in, be it cold chain capabilities and more.
Christyne McGarvey: Really helpful. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. I'd like to drill down a little bit on the macro comments as they relate to domestic. I think it's pretty straightforward. What you're saying about Europe and Asia. But can you help put some understanding around your concern for the weaker consumer with student loans and what have you. It does sound like we're going to be in for a reasonable holiday season. Where are you seeing the weakness, whether it's a -- an industry segment or a consumer segment. What concerns you on e-commerce and the domestic consumer?
Carol Tome: Well we've seen clearly a shift from goods to services and people through the pandemic started going back to work, taking vacations, eating out at restaurants, going to amusement park. They're spending their dollars differently. It's like source. It's not that the consumer is not healthy, they're spending their dollars different way. And what we're seeing with many of our retail customers. It's a real desire to bring people back into the stores and they should bring people back into the stores, because it's their largest investment. So you see retailers offering buy online pickup in-store, where they hadn't offered that before. So I can give you example after example of customers, not by name, obviously, but customers that are in our top 20 where they're seeing their same-store sales down year-on year, because their anniversary in that COVID peak, if you will, and they're seeing their online sales down even more. And part of that is because people are going back into stores -- part of that and shifting. So that's that comment that Brian made in his remarks about just some demand softening Is that, we do see that with some of our larger customers who didn't divert but their overall business and you can look at their guy, so I'm not talking about anything that's not public. You can look at our guidance, were they not only have reported declining sales, but they are guiding softer.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you for the clarification.
Carol Tome: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go-ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Brian, you did talk about revenue quality initiatives. I know folks have brought up price quite a bit on this call, but can you talk about not just your pricing outlook. But maybe the mix impact from some of these initiatives you've had in the past on small and medium enterprises.
Brian Newman: Yeah, SMBs, Brandon, are very attractive part of the business and we've continued to penetrate that market. So that's been favorable from a mix perspective. We are seeing customers trade-down though from air product to ground. And so we've seen that in the numbers. Air was down more than ground volume. So there's a bit of a headwind there from a customer mix perspective. So overall, we have a customer mix impact as well that's going on, we're gliding down with our largest customer. So there is a shift there. That tends to help from an RPP perspective.
Carol Tome: No, it's interesting if you go back to 2019, our volumes by the same as in the third quarter as it was back in 2019. But our SMB mix has moved from 23% to 29%. And our net revenue per piece has moved from $9.99 to $12.54. So we've been laser-focused on improving the revenue quality in our business and we will continue to do that. Value is defined by what the customer is willing to pay for and we are improving our experience every day. A good example of that is delivery photo. We're now 92% of all of our residential drops are photographed which is creating a better experience for our recipients for our customers and for us candidly. We're leaning into simplifying the experience of how does that work with us and we'll talk to you about the widgets that we have with DAP or improvements that we've made in our claim process. You see our net promoter score now in the high 40s, so we believe that experience because it helps grow the revenue quality and we're going to continue to do that.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Brandon.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just two quick follow-ups actually. Can you talk about the pace of getting the share back, is you go into the fourth-quarter. Do you think, perhaps, you have the lower-hanging fruit easier ones to convert back, do you think that those came back sooner and maybe the pace from here just little bit harder. And then on the buybacks, you mentioned you're cutting your list your staffing the buyback for the quarter. You've got two acquisitions targeted. I just wanted to make sure I was clear in terms of what these are, if those were the Happy Returns and MNX or if there is potentially something else that was on the horizon.
Carol Tome: We have nothing else planned, Brian, today. So we'll be buying MNX and Happy Returns this quarter, and it's about $1.3 billion in total that we'll be spending on those two companies. In terms of the pace of getting share. As I mentioned earlier is accelerating because of the fact that the peak is nearly on us. So people want to come into the network. Here's the truth though. It does take time to come back in. I get weekly updates Fernando and the team, from Kate and the team about how is the volume coming back in. And I see that, oh, we've gotten a handshake. We've got an agreement from a customer that's coming back in. And then I see it takes 30 days to get it back into on-car. And so now I'm like I want photos when it's on car because I want to make sure that's actually in the network. And that's what we're getting. We're having some fun with that actually because we're seeing it. picked up from our competitors. That's always done when you're picking up volume from your competitors. So it accelerates.
Brian Ossenbeck: Okay. Thank you.
Brian Newman: Steven, we have time for one more question. Okay, with no further questions. Thank you for your time and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now hang up.
Brian Newman: Thank you.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen, and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Ken Cook, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Ken Cook: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO; and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2022 Form 10-K and other reports we filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion refers to adjusted results. For the second quarter of 2023, GAAP results include after-tax transformation and other charges of $106 million or $0.12 per diluted share. A reconciliation to GAAP financial results is available on the UPS Investor Relations website, along with the webcast of today's call. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions]. And now I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tom: Thank you, Ken, and good morning. Let me begin by commenting on our agreement with the Teamsters. We believe this contract is a win-win-win. Together, we reached agreements on the issues that were important to Teamster leadership, to our employees and to UPS. We have the best people, and our new contract continues to reward our employees with the best pay and benefits in our industry. I'll share some highlights of the new contract in a moment. The second quarter was challenging, and I'd like to recognize the more than 500,000 UPSers around the world for their hard work and effort and for doing what they do better than anyone, and that's to deliver industry-leading service. I'd also like to give a special shout-out to our sales people for their dedication to our customers. And most importantly, I want to thank our customers for putting their trust and their business with us during our labor negotiations. And for those customers who divert it, we look forward to bringing you back to our network. Moving to our second quarter results. We expected negotiations with the Teamsters to be late and loud, and they were. As the noise level increased throughout the second quarter, we experienced more volume diversion than we anticipated. Now in pace with volume declines, some companies might go off strategy or chase unprofitable business, but that is not today's UPS. Today's UPS is focused on the long-term. During the quarter, we stayed on strategy and continued to invest in the business. We also maintained our pricing discipline. Further, the investments we've made in our automated facilities and technology, like network planning tools or NPT, have enabled greater agility than ever before. As volume levels declined, we demonstrated that agility by quickly adjusting our integrated network and maintaining high levels of productivity. Looking at our second quarter results versus last year, consolidated revenue declined 10.9% to $22.1 billion, under our expectations due to lower volume. But by controlling what we could control, we quickly took cost out of the network and delivered $2.9 billion of operating profit, in line with our expectations. Consolidated operating margin was 13.2%, which exceeded our expectations. Over the past three years, we've executed several initiatives in support of our Customer First, People Led, Innovation Driven strategy. Let me highlight some recent accomplishments. Starting with customer first. During the labor negotiation, communication and transparency with customers was a top priority. During the quarter, over 500 UPS executives had regular contact with many, many customers. Our approach with these customers was to keep volume from diverting or if it diverted, win it back after the labor negotiation was settled. This approach brought us closer to our customers, and we've gained an even better understanding of their end-to-end supply chain, which will allow us to better serve them. We are now laser focused on executing our win-back initiatives and pulling through the more than $7 billion of opportunity in our sales pipeline. To do so, we will leverage our superior service and capability and the investments we've made in the digital customer experience. We'll all win back and new volume won't happen immediately, we are already seeing some volume return. On the digital front, our digital access program, or DAP, continues to grow. We've introduced new plug-and-play technology to make it even easier for e-commerce platforms to connect. In the second quarter, we added 7 new platforms to DAP, including 4 international platforms. In the first 6 months of this year, DAP generated more than $1.4 billion in revenue, putting us on our way to achieving our 2023 DAP revenue targets of around $3 billion. One of our strategic objectives is to become the number one complex health care logistics provider in the world. In the second quarter, we further expanded our European footprint by opening our first dedicated health care distribution facility in Ireland, giving us certified health care facilities in 35 countries. For the first 6 months of 2023, revenue from our health care portfolio reached $4.7 billion. For the full year, we expect to generate $10 billion in health care revenue. On the international small package front, we've been quickly expanding in India, which is one of the fastest-growing economies in the world. In May of last year, we launched MOVIN, our asset-light domestic joint venture. And we recently expanded from 3 studies to 49 of the largest cities in India, now covering approximately 90% of the B2B market opportunity. Turning to People Led. We expect our new labor contract to be ratified in 2 weeks. Today, I'll just share some highlights, and we will provide more details after ratification. Let's start with weekend delivery. The new contract converts all 22.4 employees, who are our weekend delivery drivers, to regular full-time packaged car drivers. This gives us the flexibility we need to schedule delivery drivers Tuesday through Saturday and provides more work-life balance for our drivers. Further, we kept our Sunday delivery service by maintaining our SurePost product. Moving to working conditions. We will be improving the working conditions for all employees, including air conditioning in every new U.S. packaged car, starting in January 2024. We retained our ability to introduce new technology and the flexibility to use seasonal support during the peak holiday season. For our Teamster employees, this contract further strengthens the industry-leading pay and benefits they already enjoy. When you look at total compensation, by the end of the new contract, the average UPS full-time driver will make about $170,000 annually in pay and benefits. And for all part-time union employees that are already working at UPS, by the end of this contract, they will be making at least $25.75 per hour while receiving full health care and pension benefits. In fact, our part-timers are among only 7% of all U.S. part-time workers in the private sector to enjoy these benefits. There's much, much more, but the last point I would like to highlight is the addition of a new paid holiday on Martin Luther King Junior Day, which will be a benefit for all U.S. employees. UPS is a long history of honoring Dr. King. And this additional paid holiday aligns with our value. All of this and more helps to make UPS the best place to work, which brings me to Innovation Driven. We run the most efficient integrated network in the world, powered by technology developed by UPS Engineer. In the quarter, we leveraged the agility of our network to match capacity with volume levels. Key to this agility was NPT, which is a set of technologies that use AI and machine learning to harness the value of our data to quickly make changes to low planning, scheduling and volume flows across the network. This technology is powerful. In fact, NPT can do in an afternoon what used to take a team of engineers months to do. By using NPT with our total service plan, we quickly match the network to volume levels. This resulted in a nearly 10% reduction in hours in the U.S., in line with the decline in volume. Additionally, NPT enabled us to further reduce semi-variable and fixed costs, which Brian will detail in a moment. Importantly, we did all of it while continuing to provide industry-leading service to our customers. There is no finish line when it comes to driving efficiency. For example, we've made great progress in rolling out smart package smart facility, our RFID initiative. At the end of the second quarter, almost 50% of our U.S. buildings were operating with this technology, and we expect to complete the U.S. deployment by the end of October. Quickly touching on our outlook. Now that labor negotiations are behind us, we've updated our guidance for the full year, primarily to reflect the volume impact from labor negotiations and the costs associated with the tentative agreement. Brian will share more detail in a moment. Let me close by talking about our future. Customer First, People Led, Innovation Driven under our better and bolder framework is a winning strategy. We are winning in the best parts of the market and making our integrated network even more agile and efficient. And now for the People Led part of our strategy, our new contract establishes a platform for the future. Our company is stronger than ever, and we will move even faster to execute our strategy and continue delivering industry-leading service for our customers. I'm excited about what the future holds and what UPSers will accomplish together. I truly believe our best days are ahead. And with that, thank you for listening. And now I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol, and good morning. Let me begin by echoing Carol's comments on how pleased we are no achieving a win-win-win labor agreement covering our more than 300,000 Teamster employees. This contract provides UPS a significant measure of certainty around labor, gives us operational flexibility to increase productivity and continue providing industry-leading service to our customers, and it will help us attract and retain the best employees in the industry. Now in my comments today, I'll cover 4 areas. I'll start with the macro, followed by our second quarter results. Next, I'll cover cash and shareholder returns. And lastly, I'll provide some comments on the second half of the year. In the second quarter, the overall macro conditions in the U.S. were in line with our expectations. Internationally, conditions were a little worse than we expected due to lower growth in both real exports and industrial production. Moving to our financial results. For the quarter, consolidated revenue was $22.1 billion, down 10.9% from last year. All 3 of our segments demonstrated agility and on a combined basis, drove down total expense by $2.1 billion in the second quarter year-over-year. This enabled us to deliver $2.9 billion in operating profit, which is the target we communicated to you last quarter and was a decrease of 18.4% compared to last year. Consolidated operating margin was 13.2%, a decline of 120 basis points compared to the same period last year, with all 3 segments achieving double-digit operating margins. For the second quarter, diluted earnings per share was $2.54, down 22.8% from the same period last year. Now let's look at our business segments. In U.S. domestic, our disciplined approach to revenue quality partially offset the decrease in volume. As volume declined throughout the quarter, the team did an excellent job adjusting the network to match demand and drive out cost in real-time, all while maintaining industry-leading service levels. We expected volumes to decline in the second quarter, and it did, but we saw more volume diversion than anticipated as noise levels around our labor negotiations increased. We estimate the impact of volume diversion, combined with a slowdown in our sales pipeline pull-through, reduced volume in the second quarter by approximately 1.2 million packages per day. For the quarter, total average daily volume was down 9.9%, with June down 12.2%. Moving to mix. In the second quarter, we saw lower volumes across all industry sectors with the largest declines from retail and high tech. B2C average daily volume declined 11.5% compared to last year, and B2B average daily volume was down 7.7%. In the second quarter, B2B represented 43.7% of our volume, which was an increase of 100 basis points from a year ago. Also in the second quarter, we continued to see customers shift volumes out of the air onto the ground. Total air average daily volume was down 16.5% year-over-year, and ground average daily volume declined 8.6%. In terms of customer mix, in the second quarter, SMB average daily volumes declined less than volume from our enterprise customers. SMBs, including [Audio Gap] quarter. U.S. domestic generated revenue of $14.4 billion, down 6.9%. Revenue per piece increased 3.3%, partially offsetting the decline in volume. The combination of strong base rates and improved customer mix increased the revenue per piece growth rate by 670 basis points. Changes in fuel prices decreased the revenue per piece growth rate by 220 basis points. The remaining 120 basis point decline was due to multiple factors, including package characteristics and product mix. Turning to costs. The U.S. domestic team took out $889 million of expense year-over-year, which is the largest year-over-year cost reduction in our history. How did we do it? We leveraged our technology and the agility of our integrated network. Let me walk you through some of the levers we've pulled. We continued to execute our total service plan and reduced labor hours by nearly 10% to maintain our high levels of productivity. We leveraged the power of our network planning tools to optimize package flows and pull volume out of smaller nonautomated buildings and flow it into our larger automated facilities. While total volume was down 9.9%, we reduced the volume in our nonautomated building by 18%. This enabled us to close door and reduce operations headcount by 7% compared to last year. We reduced feeder movements by continuing to manage cube utilization in our trailers and brought on more UPS feeder drivers to support our fastest ground-ever lane. Looking at air volumes, we pulled more activity into WorldPort, our global AirHub in Louisville. This enabled us to move more volume via our next day flight and reduced second day flights. As a result, domestic block hours were lower by 6.5% versus last year, and we exited the second quarter with block hours down more than 10%. And lastly, we reduced management headcount by over 2,500 positions year-over-year. All of these actions helped us reduce U.S. domestic expense in the second quarter. Specifically, compensation and benefits was down $205 million year-over-year, despite a 6.5% increase in average union wage rates. Purchase transportation declined $207 million. Fuel expense was lower by $394 million and there were multiple factors that drove the remaining $83 million reduction in expense. Our results are proof of our agility. And in the second quarter, we took out a record amount of cost and held the cost per piece growth rate to 3.7%, while volume was down nearly 10%. The U.S. Domestic segment delivered $1.7 billion in operating profit, in line with our expectations and down 9.4% compared to the second quarter of 2022. Operating margin was 11.7%, an increase of 180 basis points from the first quarter of this year. Moving to our International segment. Macro conditions remained sluggish in the second quarter. In Europe, persistent high inflation and tight financial conditions weighed on the consumer. And in Asia, the slow recovery we experienced in the first quarter stalled in the second quarter. In the quarter, International total average daily volume was down 6.6% year-over-year. About 2/3rd of the decline came from lower domestic average daily volume, which was down 8.7%, driven primarily by declines in Europe. On the export side, average daily volume declined 4.5% on a year-over-year basis. Looking at Asia, export average daily volume was down 10.1%. Export volume on the China to U.S. lane was down 7% year-over-year, which was an improvement from the first quarter. In the second quarter, International revenue was $4.4 billion, which was down 13% from last year due to the decline in volume and a 5.7% reductions in revenue per piece. The decline in revenue per piece was primarily driven by a 570 basis point decrease from fuel surcharge revenue. Additionally, a reduction in demand-related surcharge revenue contributed 240 basis points to the decline. And there was an 80-basis point decline in revenue per piece due to a stronger U.S. dollar. Partially offsetting the decline, multiple factors increased the revenue per piece growth rate by 320 basis points, including strong base rate and favorable volume mix as export volume outperformed domestic volume. Moving to cost. In the second quarter, total international costs was down $356 million, primarily driven by lower fuel expense. We leveraged the agility of our integrated network to match capacity with demand and focused on controlling what we could control. These actions included flight reduction, which drove international block hours down 9.4% compared to last year, which includes a 15.5% block hour reduction on Asia-outbound Transcontinental flights. We also reduced headcount in operations and overhead functions by a total of more than 1,700 positions and we did all of this while continuing to deliver excellent service to our customers. Operating profit in the International segment was $902 million, down $302 million year-over-year, which included a $123 million reduction in demand-related surcharge revenue. Operating margin in the second quarter was 20.4%, in line with our expectations. Now looking at Supply Chain Solutions. Our teams continued to navigate a challenging macro environment and executed our plans to reduce cost. In the second quarter, revenue was $3.2 billion, down $990 million year-over-year. Looking at the key drivers. Forwarding continued to be impacted by softer global demand, especially out of Asia, which drove market rate and volume lower. This resulted in a decline in revenue and operating profit. In response, we cut operating costs and are continuing to manage buy-sell spreads. Logistics delivered revenue and operating profit growth, including gains in our health care business. In the second quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated operating profit of $336 million and an operating margin of 10.4%. Walking through the rest of the income statement. We had $190 million of interest expense, our other pension income was $66 million, and our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 23.5%. Now let's turn to cash and shareowner returns. Year-to-date, we generated $5.6 billion in cash from operations, and free cash flow was $3.8 billion, including our annual pension contribution of $1.2 billion that we made in the first quarter. Also this year, in the first quarter, we issued $2.5 billion in long-term debt. We've used $1.6 billion to pay off debt maturities in the second quarter, and we plan to use $900 million to pay off debt maturities in the second half of this year. And in the first half of 2023, UPS paid $2.7 billion in dividend. We also completed $1.5 billion in share buybacks at an average price of around $178 per share. Now I'll share a few comments about our outlook. As Carol mentioned, with the contract out for ratification, we have updated our consolidated revenue and adjusted operating margin guidance. For the full year 2023, we expect consolidated revenues of about $93 billion and consolidated operating margin of around 11.8%. Now let me provide some color to help you update your models for the second half of the year. The U.S. Domestic segment is navigating a couple of unique factors in the back half of the year. First, in the second quarter and into July, we experienced more volume diversion than we anticipated because of this, our volume ramp-up for the second half of the year is starting from a lower base. We're already executing our initiatives to win back diverted volume and accelerate the pull-through from our sales pipeline while remaining disciplined on revenue quality. As a result of our efforts, by the end of the year, we expect our average daily volume level to be about even with December of last year. And overall, for the second half of 2023, we expect U.S. average daily volume to be down by a mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year. And second, looking at expense in the U.S. Domestic segment. The union wage rate increases included in our new labor agreement for the first year are higher than we originally planned. We started to accrue for the terms of the tentative agreement on August 1, while the contract is out for ratification. Further, we will address wage compression that resulted from the new labor contract. These additional labor costs in the back half of the year will be partially offset by the network adjustments we made in the second quarter. Turning to the International segment. In the second half of the year, we expect the year-over-year volume growth rate to be similar to what we saw in the second quarter and revenue per piece growth to be flattish compared to the same period last year. And in Supply Chain Solutions, we expect second half revenue to be down by a high single-digit percentage year-over-year, with full year revenue approaching $14 billion. Moving to capital allocation. Our 2023 full year targets have not changed. We will continue to stay on strategy and invest in both efficiency and growth opportunities. Capital expenditures are still expected be about $5.3 billion, which includes completing the deployment of the first phase Smart Package Marketability in the U.S., continuing to expand our health care logistics footprint globally, expanding DAP internationally and investing in our Logistics-as-a-Service platform. We are still planning to pay out around $5.4 billion in dividends in 2023, subject to Board approval. And for the full year, we still plan to buy back around $3 billion of our shares. With negotiations behind us, we are moving our business forward. For our people, we have a platform for the future that continues to reward our employees, which helps us to deliver industry-leading service to our customers and enables us to win that volume and drive revenue quality. We will control what we can control, which means continuing to manage costs as we scale up the network with volume. And we are staying on strategy and investing through this cycle, which will enable us to grow in the most attractive parts of the market, make our integrated network even more efficient and continue to reward our shareholders. Thank you, and operator, please open the line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon: So Brian or Carol, I just want to understand kind of at a high level, what we should be expecting about the shape of inflation over the course of the contract. I know we're probably not going to get into too many of the details today, but I'd love to understand kind of from a CAGR perspective how you're set up for inflation over the life of this contract.
Carol Tom: Well, maybe I'll just start with some observations about the contract. And then Brian, you can provide details on the shape of the curve. As we got into the negotiations, David, it became very clear to me that we were negotiating on behalf of a number of stakeholders. We were negotiating on behalf of our people. We were negotiating on behalf of our customer. We were negotiating on behalf of our country. We were negotiating on behalf of our shareowners, and we were negotiating on behalf of UPS. And as I look at the handshake agreement that we achieved, I think we have a win-win-win for all stakeholders. I'll make that real for you. First, in terms of our people, they will continue to be paid the highest wage and benefits in the industry. We'll have better work-life balance, and the working conditions will also be improved as we'll be adding air conditioning among package cars starting January. For our customers, we avoided a work stoppage, and that would have been disruptive for them and for their customers. So I think that's a win. For our country, as you know, we move 6% of the U.S. GDP every day, and there was no place for this volume to go. So we avoided a disruption to the economy with this handshake agreement. For our shareowners, I would say we also have a win, because as I look at the economic package over the 5 years, the compounded annual growth rate of this economic package is 3.3%. So I say that's a win. And for UPS, we retain the flexibility we need to take care of our customers to provide seasonal health during the holidays to add technology to drive productivity and efficiency. So I think it's a win-win-win. And maybe, Brian, you can talk about the shape.
Brian Newman: Yes, Carol. I'm going to host the call, Dave, and go a bit deeper on it, but it's sort of a barbell type effect. We've got a majority of the increase or not majority, over 40% in year one, and then years 2, 3, 4 quite reasonable from an inflation standpoint, and then with another step-up in year 5. But I'll go into more details on that when we host a call following the ratification.
David Vernon: All right. And thanks for that. And maybe just as a quick follow-up. Can you talk about what you need to do to win back some of the volume that you might have lost a contract uncertainty? I'm just wondering kind of how quickly you guys are expecting that to come back as we look into the -- what's baked into guidance.
Carol Tom: So it's all hands on deck to win back the volume that was diverted as a result of the labor negotiations. The first thing we did is that we stood up a control tower. This is the same kind of control tower that we use during peak to ensure that we can onboard this volume coming back without disruption. So that is up and running, and I'm very pleased with what I'm seeing in that regard. We have, of course, mitigated all the risk that was still remaining because we didn't know the outcome of the contract. So those high-risk customers are now shipping with us without any risk. From a marketing perspective, we're doing a number of things. The first thing we're doing is we're amplifying our service message because we do have the best service in the industry. We are also amplifying our SurePost advantage because this is a very attractive product that you're shipping low-weight packages. We are expanding our speed campaign because we are faster than our largest competitor in many, many markets. So we are amplifying our speed campaign. We are also expanding our weekend pickup to four markets. We are expanding our Saturday delivery by 890 postal codes. And we are launching new offerings inside Deal Manager, which is the tool that we use to win new small- and medium-sized businesses. There's a lot of effort underway to bring back this business that we lost and to win new business. Now I will tell you, it's not all going to happen at once. And so we understand that. We're working with our customers to bring it in as it can, but also as smoothly as we can for them as they've diverted. Looking at our volume in July, I will say that it was still down year-on-year, but not as much as the decline that we saw in June.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: Maybe just a little bit, Carol, your thoughts into the peak season here. Maybe outside of the diversion, what was underlying in your thoughts here? And I think Brian mentioned still expecting negative all the way through the end of December. So maybe just a little bit of thoughts on the backdrop and the differences between the contract and what's going on economically.
Carol Tom: Yes. We'll still have a peak even though we're winning back those volume that was diverted over time, we'll still have a peak. We are collaborating with the top 100 in customers that represent 87% of our peak surge. So we're already starting to work with them on their operating plans for peak. Peak will be 21 days this year, the same as it was last year. We expect to see search in the 60% area this year. So it's still going to pick up. It's just from a different volume level. And we're well prepared to take -- to have another peak for us. It's just another day with more volume.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: Brian, can you help us on the guidance change, just attribute that guidance change to volume diversion and then maybe the difference in terms of what you accrued on the wages. And I don't know if you provided this in your prepared remarks, but the monthly cadence of domestic volumes in June and July? And then lastly, Carol, we started the year at 12% margin expectations for domestic. We went down to 11%, now we're probably around 10%. Obviously, we're in a completely different world, and you have a new wage deal. Just provide your thoughts around 3.3% inflation, doesn't seem like an enormous hurdle. Has what's happened over the last 7 months changed kind of your view on what you think the return profile of this business is from an operating margin perspective in the domestic business? And when we can get back to like a positive trajectory in that? Thank you.
Brian Newman: Amit, thanks for the question. So from a guide perspective, we went from $97 billion to $93 billion in revenue. That's a $4 billion change. About $1 billion of that is from the softer volume Carol talked about in the second quarter, the higher diversion and about $3 billion is coming from the second half, as we think about volume and exiting the second quarter, down 12. You'll remember, in March and April, we were down 7, but June exited at minus 12. So if we take that minus 12 exit and you get to flat by the end of the year, that glide over the balance of the year is about -- it's down mid-single digit, down about 6%. From a profit standpoint, we dropped about $1.4 billion in profit to $11 billion or 11.8 margin. And most of that is coming from the domestic side, about $1 billion. That $1 billion, Amit, is split fairly evenly between wages and then also the lower volume I just referenced. There was a $400 million piece related to some inconsistent recovery in the euro inflation and interest rates. Germany's in a recession and a bit of Asia, but the vast majority is really split, half and half between wages and volume.
Carol Tom: And on the monthly cadence, we were down 12% in June. And down double-digit in July, but better than 12%.
Brian Newman: Right. Right.
Carol Tom: On your question about margin. As we got into the negotiation with Teamsters, and this is true for any negotiation, there are some things that are very important. And one thing that was very important for Teamster leadership was to front-load some of the wage inflation. And we agreed to do that. So that does put a little pressure on the margin, as Brian pointed out. But that doesn't change the destination. It just changes the journey. We'll have a bit of pressure for the next year, through August of next year but then the inflation is very manageable. So I see a path back to 12% or higher margins in the U.S. because of all the investments that we're making to drive productivity. And a good proof point of that is what we did in the second quarter. So let me give you an example of just one of our initiatives, which is Smart Package, Smart Facility. We're now in over about 50% of the buildings in the United States. And 50% of those buildings have misload improvements from 1 in 400 to now 1 in 1,000. So as the buildings mature, they get better and more productive. As we think about the next phase of Smart Package, Smart Facility, we're moving from where the pre-loaders are scanning the package to where the car is going to scan package. So think about the productivity that we will enjoy then. So it doesn't change the destination, just the journey. We plan to have an investor conference in the spring of '24. We haven't landed on a date yet. But during that investor conference, we will lay out 3-year targets, so you can understand the journey to get to a 12%-or-higher margin in the U.S.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Carol, I just want to see if you can expand a little bit on the productivity efforts in Smart Package, how we should think about that? I know a lot of the investment was going into this year. You're talking about 900 facilities in by the end of October. Does that productivity start to accelerate from here? How should we think about that in terms of an offset to some of the wage inflation going forward? Thanks.
Carol Tom: Yes. So Smart Package, Smart Facility is just one of the levers in our productivity toolkit. Our network planning tools are powerful tools. They are powered by machine learning and AR. And if you think about it, we've just really completed the rollout of network planning tools in 2020. So every year, we get better because the tools get better. And think about what the tools were enabled us to do in the second quarter. When we saw the volume starting to slow down and actually divert, we were able through our tools to move volume away from unautomated hubs to automated hubs. And let me make that real for you. Last year, of the volume that was started by our hubs in the United States, about 53% went through an automated hub. This year, 57% of the volume went through an automated hub. So the tools are making us more effective. And then, we are introducing new technology inside of our buildings to make us more effective like automated label application and automated bagging and robotic small sort induction. And I can go on and on just kind of gig out on the tools, but it's a complement of tools that will help offset some of the wage pressure that we will see over the next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: Just wanted to see if disagreement now behind you and out for ratification. Has that changed any of your thinking about the timing and magnitude of GRI or pricing in general? Maybe, Brian, you can give more detail on RPP trends and mix in the U.S. And then, Carol, I wanted to see, you mentioned the SurePost Advantage. Can you just give some context around the USPS Ground Advantage product that just launched? And if you see that as a competitive threat now that it's been out there for a month or so, maybe some initial impressions of that service and what they're able to deliver and what it means for you. Thanks.
Brian Newman: Yes, Brian. Thanks for the question. So look, every year, we evaluate the GRI to provide the right service at the right price for our customers. This year, we had guided to roughly a 500-basis point improvement in rate, and then we had expected about 200 basis point headwind in fuel to land at about 3%. So we're staying with that guide for this year. Brian, coming up here in the fall, we'll take a look at next year but the thing I would leave you with is we remain very disciplined on revenue management, and we'll continue to deliver value for the service we provide.
Carol Tom: And on our SurePost product, it compares very favorably to the [indiscernible] product, and we're going to continue to invest in that product. We like it a lot because of the delivery density associated with that product.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: Carol, can you give us a little more color on the $7 billion sales pipeline? Kind of what kind of customers, what kind of end markets? I haven't heard you guys talk about a sales pipeline before too often. How is that kind of building up or kind of expect it to come through over time? And also, can you give us an update on your largest customer at least and kind of any changes to that relationship/volumes there over the course of the potential kind of union docks? Thank you.
Carol Tom: The sales pipeline is across all customer segments with a real focus in the commercial area, small and medium sized business, of course, health care and enterprise. You name it, we're going after it. Our sales team are really excited about selling the value that we have to offer, which is just the best service in the industry. We've also identified about 50 customers that are target customers for our new pricing architecture, which we call Architecture of Tomorrow. The new pricing architecture doesn't fit everybody, but it does fit some where based on their shipping needs, we could add pricing modifiers like day of week or Cube or ZIP code plus 4. So these pricing modifiers are very interesting to these targeted customers. And it won't be for everybody, but for some so we're going to lean into that in a big way. And as it relates to our largest customer, we have a very good relationship with our largest customer. And the businesses is operating as we would expect it to be. We're on a glide path, but not a glide out.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: I was wondering if you could comment on the 1.2 million packages per day. And how you think that comes back? I guess maybe the bigger question is does all of it come back and maybe how long does it take to get there? And then, Brian, you've given us some help in the past on sort of quarter-to-quarter margin dynamics as we think about getting towards that full year number. Is there anything we should be thinking about 3Q versus 4Q? I know volatility volumes will be a little bit better in the second part of the back half of the year, but just curious about how that cadence might look.
Carol Tom: Well, the 1.2 million packages per day is about 1 million of diverted volume. In other words, volume that we had that diverted elsewhere, and about $200 million of sales that we couldn't pull through because of concerns about the outcome of the labor negotiation. As Brian commented, we think by the end of the year, we will pull back everything that diverted. And I think we're going to win that extra 200,000 packages as well. It doesn't happen overnight, of course. It's already starting to flow back in. But we think by the end of the year, we'll win it all back.
Brian Newman: And Chris, just with respect to the phasing, we're really focused on the second half and the full year guide, but I would say both top line and profitability. Q3 will be more challenged than Q4 due to the ADV growth rates and seasonality. And we've got some one-time costs in the third quarter. So I would just think of Q4 being a bit stronger than Q3.
Carol Tom: And you might ask, well, where does that volume go? And so we don't have great intelligence there, but we do have some market share intelligence through a tool that we use from Nielsen IQ. And what that would tell us it's not perfect. But what I would tell us is that 1/3 went to the Post Office, 1/3 went to FedEx and 1/3 went to the regionals. So that actually directs our activities as when we think about how to win that set volume back.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: I was wondering if you could give a little more color. I think I have a good sense on the domestic margin. It looks like there's a small piece in your profitability guide that's Supply Chain and International. So can you maybe talk about or unpack a little bit sort of the margins expectations for the full year on that? And if indeed, the U.S. margin should be at or around the 10% level, give or take. Thanks.
Brian Newman: So from a margin perspective, Jordan, we'd expect International full year to be 19% to 20%, SCS should be at 10%. And as you think about the International business, the second half ADV, we're expecting to be down around 6.5%, RPP should be flattish. And really, it stems from some of the challenging macro situation. We've got weak real export growth. Germany is in recession. And then I would say, Europe and Asia ADV growth would bottom in Q3. Kate and the team are very focused on controlling what we can control, both on the air side and the headcount side to protect that. You saw she printed north of a 20% margin second quarter. SCS, I would expect full year revenue to approach $14 billion with a margin of about 10%. Forwarding rates and volume is stabilizing but down year-over-year. The team does a good job of managing the buy-sell spreads, as you saw. Obviously, expanding health care is a strategic priority for the company, and they're also executing the cost initiatives.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Kauffman: I just wanted to ask a little bit about the labor contract economics. I know you said, we'll have a call on this after ratification. But you noted a number of about 3.3% CAGR on the economic benefits. And just off the wage, we're calculating a little higher than that. So could you do your best to break down the components that help us get to that 3.3%?
Brian Newman: Jeff, so 3.3% is an all-in number, so it includes wages and benefits of the two net together. Rather than go into a lot of detail on this call, I'm going to host a call shortly after ratification, and I'll take you through all the details at that point.
Carol Tom: We can go line by line at that.
Brian Newman: I can go very deep then.
Carol Tom: But we want to respect the ratification products.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: I wanted to see if you could help us to think about kind of volume versus price. It seems like both are important, but they're kind of related, right, if you go for more price to offset higher inflation, then it could be a headwind to what you do on volume. So how do you think about managing between those two? And then, I guess, that feeds into -- you've given us a lot to work with for 2023. But I think there's probably a lack of visibility for '24, whether should earnings be up in '24, obviously, we'd like to see that, but you've got through August, that headwind. So any broad commentary about how optimistic you might be on '24 in terms of domestic margin or earnings overall? Thank you.
Carol Tom: Well, we run the business as a portfolio. So we want both. We want volume and we want price, but price doesn't necessarily mean price increases. It means moving into segments that value our end-to-end network and have different products. So we run it as a portfolio. We want both. That's the easy answer to that question.
Brian Newman: And just on shaping the multiyear, Tom, as Carol mentioned, we'll come back in the spring and give you multiyear targets. Obviously, year one of the labor contract is the most expensive piece. That's in August-to-August. So 1H of '24 would expect to be under some pressure, the back half, less inflation. So we'll walk that for you in the early part of next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bruce Chan of Stifel.
Bruce Chan: I appreciate the time here. Carol, the DAP rollout has been very successful this year. And I know it's early to start thinking about 2024. But as far as what the longer opportunity is, does growth start to slow for that channel now that you've kind of reached critical mass? Or do you still see quite a bit of opportunity there? And then, Brian, just to follow up broadly on e-commerce demand trends. Have we kind of turned the corner there, or are we still seeing a bit of an air pocket in terms of spending? Thank you.
Carol Tom: So thanks for your comments about DAP. We're very pleased with that product, and we see nothing but growth ahead. Global growth. We are just scratching the surface when we think about DAP outside of the United States. And we continue to add new partners here in the United States, now up to 27 partners. One thing we're doing to continue to grow DAP is to make it easier to onboard the platforms. So we are introducing widgets, which are basically pre-programmed applications that a DAP partner can put into its website and avoid the user interface and API onboarding that can slow things down. The first widget that we introduced is a locator widget. So our DAP partner can put the locator widget into its website, and then you push a button and up pops the closest UPS store to ship that package. So we're going to continue to make it easier to do business with as we continue to grow with this important part of our business.
Bruce Chan: And then, Brian, just on the e-commerce demand trends, any broad commentary there?
Brian Newman: Yes. We're looking at ESMO improving in the back end of the year. So from a macro standpoint, I think the trends are stable to improving in the U.S., obviously, under some more pressure internationally.
Carol Tom: I mean clearly, what happened with e-commerce is the blew up during COVID-19. It blew up. And so now everything is kind of reverting back to where it was before COVID. We see that around the globe, which makes sense. And so this is a great place to think about growth from here on out.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Brian, I believe you said you're expecting a bottoming in Europe and Asia in the third quarter. Just want to get a sense of cadence and your optimism that it will improve in fourth quarter, just what you're seeing in trajectory on both there. And then also, if you could put into perspective just the domestic cost per piece, how you see that trajectory on that metric specifically? Thanks.
Brian Newman: So on the bottoming, we have thought we would have seen the bottom in Asia in Q2, which I would say, it didn't recover. It stalled. In Europe, we think the bottom will be more in Q3, but there could be an elongated period here. So we're not putting in a lot of recovery into the international business going forward. On the CPP basis, we're still calling from a U.S. basis, we would look from a full year standpoint to be about 11.24, which is about a 1.4% change from the 11.08 we had previously.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Stephanie Moore of Jefferies.
Stephanie Moore: I'd want to touch a little bit on kind of your automation efforts as part of your ongoing productivity tools. I think you said last year, it was 53% went through some form of an automated hub, this year at 57%. Do you have kind of a line of sight on where that can go over time?
Carol Tom: We do. We're going to come back in the spray at our Investor Conference and give you our sense of what we're calling network of the future. It's a very exciting opportunity for us to really automate this business. The good thing is we don't have to integrate our network because we're integrated. But we can do a better job of automating, and so we'll come back and give you all of that in the spring of next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays.
Eric Morgan: This is Eric Morgan on for Brandon. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask a follow-up on SurePost. Maybe could you give us an update on how much you're redirecting in the network today? And maybe you could fill us and if this was the topic of the labor negotiations. And if you did need to start in-sourcing more kind of on an accelerated basis, what kind of potential cost implications or inefficiencies there could be? And maybe some offsets there as well. Thank you.
Carol Tom: Sure. So we were redirecting a little under 40% at the end of the second quarter. It was a point of the negotiations. We'd agreed to redirect 50%. No problem at all with that. No concern about cost because the delivery density with SurePost is really, really good.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: So I just had a couple of quick ones. So Brian, I think you said the labor deal is $500 million headwind in the back half relative to what you accrued for estimated in the prior guidance. I wasn't sure if that was a gross number, or there was some productivity against that. And then, Carol, I wanted to ask about M&A, because it doesn't get enough attention. But I think you guys have done some interesting strategic acquisitions from Delivery Solutions. You also took a stake or a board seat on CommerceHub. These are small, but I view kind of as important deals kind of long-term view. Can you just talk about what they give you? And is there more in the pipeline? Because you're generating oodles of cash flow and wondering if there's an opportunity to tack on more deals even on the health care vertical, which is such a big vertical for you guys. If you can just expand on that. Thank you.
Brian Newman: Hi, Amit. The barbell shape of the contract, the $500 million is a gross number. We had assumed originally about $500 million, so it's actually 2x, what we thought.
Carol Tom: And on the acquisitions that we've made, we couldn't be happier because they are giving us enabling capabilities from a Delivery Solution greeting product from us [indiscernible], which is creating cold chain logistics for us in parts of the world that we didn't have that. So I couldn't be happier. And I don't want to miss out any of the companies that we've acquired. So we're pleased with Rhodium, what it's providing for us as well. They're enabling capabilities. And as we look ahead, expect us to continue to acquire enabling capabilities, particularly in those areas that we really want to own. Health care logistics would certainly be one of those. Technology investments that give us platforms to accelerate the digital experience for our customers, absolutely expect us to lean into that space. And we'll be giving you updates as we go.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Jon Chapell of Evercore ISI.
Jon Chappell: I just want to tie together a couple of things from before. As you think about regaining that 1 million packages that was diverted and you think about your pricing path going forward, do you have to lead with price in the next 6 months to win the diverted traffic and then think about pricing from a new starting point in 2024? Or do you think it's strictly service your relationships? And that package flow will come back to you without adjusting the way you think about the revenue management?
Carol Tom: We don't think we have to lead with price. Our customers did what they thought they had to do to protect their customers, but they're very happy with us. So it's about operating plans, making sure they come back to us without disruption to their business. That doesn't happen overnight. It's going to take a while, but we can bring that business back because of what we provide to them.
Ken Cook: All right. I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you soon, and that concludes our call.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Its now my pleasure to turn the floor over to our host, Mr. Ken Cook, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Ken Cook: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS first quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tom, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO; and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments well make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2022 Form 10-K and other reports we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion refers to adjusted results. For the third quarter of 2023, GAAP results include after-tax transformation and other charges of $9 million or $0.01 per diluted share. A reconciliation to GAAP financial results is available on the UPS Investor Relations website along with the webcast of todays call. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator instructions] Please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now, Ill turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tom: Thank you, Ken, and good morning. Let me begin by thanking UPSers for once again delivering industry-leading service to our customers. Service defines UPS. It is one of our values and Im proud of our team who continue to make it a key priority. Another company value is safety. UPS drivers are among the safest in the industry and every year we invest millions of dollars in safe driving education and training. Our Circle of Honor program recognizes drivers who have achieved 25 years or more of accident-free driving. This year we inducted more than 1,200 UPS drivers into the Circle of Honor, bringing the total to more than 10,400 around the globe. Congratulations to these drivers on their achievement. Turning to our results. 2023 is proving to be an interesting year. In the U.S., relative to our base plan, volume was higher than we expected in January, close to our plan in February, and then moved significantly lower than our plan in March as retail sales contracted and we saw a shift in consumer spending. For example, food as a percentage of household budgets reached 9% in the first quarter compared to 7% a couple of years ago. U.S. discretionary sales are lagging grocery and consumable sales and disposable income is shifting away from goods to services. Outside of the U.S., export activity out of Asia remained weak, which negatively impacted revenue in both international and supply chain solutions. In response, we focused on controlling what we could control. We remained in disciplined on price. We increased penetration in the most attractive parts of the market. We managed the network with agility, we drove productivity and we stayed on strategy. Looking at our first quarter financial results versus last year, consolidated revenue was $22.9 billion, down 6%. Operating profit was $2.6 billion, a decrease of 22.8% and consolidated operating margin was 11.1%, a decline of 250 basis points. While revenue fell short of our base plan due to a relentless focus on productivity both operating profit and operating margin were in line with our base plan. Moving to our strategic update, through our Customer First, People Led, Innovation Driven strategy, we are investing to improve the customer experience and drive efficiency. Starting with Customer First. Key investments here are driving growth in targeted customer segments like SMBs and healthcare. Looking at SMBs, we continue to invest in the international expansion of our Digital Access Program or DAP. We now have 16 countries producing DAP revenue. In the first quarter, total DAP revenue was up 51.5% compared to last year, and we are on track to generate around $3 billion in DAP revenue this year. Did you know that in the U.S. about one out of every four DAP packages enters our network through a UPS store with more than 5,100 locations in the U.S., UPS stores are strategic assets. In fact, 85% of the U.S. population is within 10 miles of a store, giving customers ultra convenient entry points to the UPS network, whether theyre in SMB shipping and item theyve sold online or a customer returning an item they buy. Given the strategic importance of these stores, we are leaning into investments here to improve the customer experience. For example, the stores are rolling out self-service kiosks that enable customers to bypass the counter when they have shipments and returns, even returns with no box or no label. These kiosks make it easier for customers to get in and get out of the store. Weve rolled out nearly 200 kiosks so far and well deploy 1,000 by the end of October this year and were not stopping there. Another area of focus is improving the claims process, which used to be a hassle for both customers and franchisees. In March, the UPS store launched an online claims portal to all U.S. locations thats designed specifically for the needs of the store shipper. With this portal, claims that used to take weeks for resolution are now resolved within an average of about two gains. One final comment on SMBs. In the first quarter, SMBs including platforms made up 29.6% of our total U.S. volume. This is the 11th consecutive quarter of increased SMB penetration and its the highest level weve seen in more than seven years. Turning to healthcare. In the first quarter of 2023, we expanded our global footprint by opening nearly 1 million square feet of dedicated healthcare space, including our first facility in Germany. This facility provides customers a broad range of temperature sensitive and handling solutions. Its location in the center of Germany connects our customer shipment, the fast growing European healthcare market. The facility is also closed to our European air hub in Cologne, enabling customers to leverage the speed and reach of our global network. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed the acquisition of Bomi Group and to date, revenue and cost synergy are running ahead of target. Further, we are continuing to invest in the global expansion of UPS Premier, which is now available in 45 countries with four more to be added this year. Our goal is to become the number one complex healthcare logistics provider in the world to help us get there who plan to open a total of seven dedicated healthcare facilities this year. In the first quarter, revenue from our healthcare portfolio reached $2.4 billion and we expect to generate over $10 billion in healthcare revenue in 2023. Turning to People Led, let me discuss the progress of our negotiations with the Teamsters. Negotiations on a new contract with the Teamsters are underway and good progress has been made on many of our local supplemental agreements. Together, weve set up five subcommittees at the national bargaining table to take on key areas of the contract, which enables us to move faster. We are aligned on several key issues like solving the staffing needs for weekend deliveries and ways to mitigate the summer heat in our package delivery vehicle. While we expect to hear a great deal of noise during the negotiation, I remain confident that a win-win-win contract is very achievable and that UPS and the Teamsters will reach agreement by the end of July. Now lets move to the last leg of our strategy Innovation Driven. We have the best, most efficient global integrated network in the world, and we are getting even better. Today, we operate our network with more agility than ever before, and when it comes to productivity, we are relentless about creating a virtuous cycle of improvement in our network. For example, our total service plan, which addresses running a predictable on-time network has delivered continued productivity improvements since being introduced last year. Our massive and highly complex network naturally generates efficiency when volume increases. But when volume levels drop, historically, its been harder to generate productivity improvement. With total service plans, we have driven productivity even with declining volume. In the first quarter, U.S. volume declined by 5.4%, but ours declined even further, which resulted in improved productivity as measured by pieces per hour. As weve discussed last quarter, weve accelerated investment in our Smart Package Smart Facility RFID solution and plan to complete deployment in more than 900 buildings across the U.S. by the end of October. Throughout the process, weve continued to learn and improve, which has enabled stronger results than we originally expected. In the facilities where we have this technology, weve cut the frequency of misloads from around 1-in-400 packages to one-in-1,000 packages, which reduces miles, handles and costs and it improves, but the customer and employee experience. Innovation driven is also about combining digital capabilities with our integrated network to improve the customer experience and efficiency. Our upstream delivery density solution checks both boxes. This month, we are onboarding our second large national retailer, which gives us more opportunity to increase density as we can match volume in the UPS network with orders of participating customers. Its still early days of this initiative. As we learn, we continue to adjust the match rate algorithm and we are happy with the results. Lastly, our innovation driven initiatives are moving us towards our 2050 carbon neutrality goal. We are focused on the decarbonization of our global supply chain. In 2022, our Scope 1, 2, and 3 CO2 emissions declined by 6.9% from 2021. Weve been investing in alternative fuel for more than 20 years and operate more than 15,600 alternative fuel and advanced technology vehicles. Recently, we took delivery of 10 fully electric class 8 semi trucks in California. These trucks are quiet and they are the first zero emission semis to run in our UPS fleet. Our 2022 sustainability report was published on April 12. This is our 21st annual sustainability report, and you can find it on about.ups.com. Moving to our outlook for 2023, last quarter, we provided a range for our 2023 financial target. As weve discussed, theres been a deceleration in U.S. retail sales growth in certain non-U.S. markets remain challenged. As a result, we now expect to be at the low end of our previously provided revenue and operating profit margin range. Brian will share more detail in a moment. Ive led three difficult times before and Ive seen the power of making the right decisions and the pitfalls of making wrong decisions. In uncertain market conditions, its easy to fall into the trap of managing the business for the short-term. While we will control what we can control, we will also stay on strategy. Over the past three years, we have fundamentally improved nearly every aspect of our business and we are just getting started. UPSs are the best in the industry, and because of them, I am convinced we will come out of this cycle faster, stronger, and with a wider lead on our competition. With that, thank you for listening, and now, Ill turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol, and good morning. In my comments, Ill cover four areas, starting with the macro environment, then our first quarter results, next Ill cover cash and shareholder returns, and lastly, Ill review our updated financial outlook for 2023. Okay, lets start with a macro. In the first quarter, the macro environment was challenging from both a commercial and consumer perspective. The growth rate for U.S. manufacturing production fell throughout the quarter and was down 0.9% in March year-over-year. On the consumer side of the U.S. economy, the growth rate on services spending is continuing to outpace the growth rate on good spending, and within the goods bucket, consumer spent more on essential items like groceries, which tend to be purchased in store. These factors plus a five point drop in consumer sentiment from February to March contributed to the reduction in our volume levels. Outside the U.S. in the first quarter, Asia exports remained weak while Europe narrowly avoided a winter recession. In the face of all this, we responded with agility and remain focused on controlling what we could control to deliver great service for our customers and bottom line results for shareholders. In the first quarter, consolidated revenue was $22.9 billion, down 6% from last year and slightly below our base plan expectations. Operating profit was $2.6 billion, a decrease of 22.8%, however, we achieved our base plan operating profit. Consolidated operating margin was 11.1%, a decline of 250 basis points compared to last year. For the first quarter, diluted earnings per share was $2.20 down 27.9% from the same period last year. Now, lets look at our business segments. In U.S. Domestic, revenue quality initiatives nearly offset the decrease in volume and as the decline in volume accelerated toward the end of the quarter, we responded quickly by adjusting the network to eliminate costs while maintaining our industry leading service levels. In the first quarter, we expected average daily volume to decline between 3% and 4%. For the quarter, average daily volume was down 5.4% year-over-year, primarily because volume in March moved lower than we expected. Looking at mix in the first quarter, we saw lower volume across all industry sectors with the largest declines from retail and high-tech. B2C average daily volume declined 5.5% compared to last year, and B2B average daily volume declined 5.4%. A bright spot in B2B in the quarter was returns, which was up 6.8% year-over-year. In the first quarter, B2B represented 42.7% of our volume, which was unchanged from a year ago. Additionally, the shift in product mix from air to ground that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2022 continued in the first quarter as customers made cost tradeoffs and took advantage of the speed improvements we made in our ground network and further leveraged our SurePost product. Compared to the first quarter of last year, total air average daily volume was down 16.7%, ground declined 3% and within ground SurePost grew 1.8%. Looking at customer mix, SMB average daily volume declined significantly less than our enterprise customers in the first quarter. SMBs, including platforms made up 29.6% of our total U.S. volume, an increase of 120 basis points year-over-year. For the quarter, U.S. Domestic generated revenue of $15 billion down 0.9%. Revenue per piece increased 4.8%, nearly offsetting the decline in volume. The combination of base rates and customer mix increase the revenue per piece growth rate by 500 basis points driven by strong keep rates from our general rate increase and increased SMB penetration. Fuel drove 200 basis points of the revenue per piece growth rate increase. Remaining factors reduced the revenue per piece growth rate by 220 basis points driven by the combination of negative product mix with ground packages outpacing air growth and lighter package weights. Turning to cost, total expense was relatively flat with an increase of 0.6% or $80 million in the first quarter. Higher union wage and benefit rates increased expense by over $300 million, primarily from a 6.1% increase in average union wage rates driven by the annual pay increase for our Teamster employees that went into effect in August of 2022. The U.S. Domestic team did an excellent job pulling cost out of the network in response to lower volume. We managed hours down 5.6%, which was more than the decrease in average daily volume, and we reduced headcounts throughout the quarter as volume growth rates decline. Together, these actions reduced expenses by more than $220 million, partially offsetting the increase in wage and benefit rates. Additionally, we reduced purchase transportation by $100 million, primarily from utilizing UPS feeder drivers to support our Fastest Ground Ever and from continued optimization efforts, which enabled us to reduce trailer loads per day by 7.5% compared to the same period last year. The remaining variance was driven by multiple factors including maintenance and depreciation. The U.S. domestic segment delivered $1.5 billion in operating profit, which was slightly above our base plan and down 12.7% compared to the first quarter of 2022. And operating margin was 9.9%. Moving to our international segment, we expected the macro environment to be bumpy and it was. Looking at Asia, export activity started off very weak due to the extended lunar New Year holiday. It gradually recovered through the quarter, but at a slower pace than we anticipated. In Europe, the macro environment was a little better than we expected, which helped offset the weakness in Asia relative to our base plan. In the first quarter, international total average daily volume came in as expected and was down 6.2% year-over-year. Domestic average daily volume was down 9.5%, which drove three quarters of the total average daily volume decline. Total export average daily volume declined 2.8% on a year-over-year basis driven by declines in retail and high tech market demand. Asia export average daily volume was down 8.9% and included a 20% year-over-year decline on the China to U.S. lane. Through the first quarter, we remained agile and we flexed the network to match demand. Reduced Asia block hours by more than the decline in Asia export volume and delivered excellent service to our customers. In the first quarter, international revenue was $4.5 billion, down 6.8% from last year due to the decline in volume and a $161 million negative revenue impact from a stronger U.S. dollar. Revenue per piece was relatively flat year-over-year, but there were a number of moving parts including a 370 basis points decline due to currency and a 180 basis points decline from demand related surcharges. These were offset by an increase in the fuel surcharge of 230 basis points and an increase of 330 basis points due to the combination of a high GRI keep rate and a favorable product mix as export volume outperformed domestic volume. Operating profit in the international segment was $806 million, down $314 million from the same period last year, primarily due to the decline in exports out of Asia and included a $97 million reduction in demand related surcharge revenue and a $51 million negative operating profit impact from currency. Operating margin in the first quarter was 17.7%. Now looking at supply chain solutions. In the first quarter, revenue was $3.4 billion, down $983 million year-over-year. Looking at key drivers. In forwarding, softer global demand, especially out of Asia, drove down market rates and volume resulting in lower revenue and operating profit. We are continuing to manage buy/sell spreads and have taken steps to reduce operating costs in this business. Logistics delivered revenue growth driven by gains in our healthcare logistics and clinical trials business and increased operating profit. In the first quarter, supply chain solutions generated an operating profit of $258 million and an operating margin of 7.6%. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had 188 million of interest expense. Our other pension income was $66 million and our effective tax rate for the first quarter was 24.8%, which was less than we anticipated in our base plan due to lower tax impacts from our employee stock awards. Now lets turn to cash and shareholder returns. In the first quarter, we generated $2.4 billion in cash from operations. Free cash flow for the period was $1.8 billion, including our annual pension contributions of $1.2 billion that we made in the first quarter. Also, in the first quarter, we issued $2.5 billion in long-term debt that we are using to pay off debt maturing in 2023. And in the first quarter, UPS distributed $1.3 billion in dividends and completed $751 million in share buybacks. Moving to our outlook for the full year 2023. In January, we provided a range for our 2023 financial targets due to the uncertain macroeconomic environment we saw at that time. Since then, the volume environment has deteriorated, especially in the U.S., driven by continued challenging macro conditions and changes in consumer behavior. As a result, we expect full year revenue and operating margin to be at the low end of the previously provided range. For the full year 2023, we expect consolidated revenues of around $97 billion and consolidated operating margin of around 12.8% with about 56% of our operating profit coming in the second half of the year. In U.S. domestic, we expect full year volume to decline around 3% versus 2022 with revenue per piece growth yearly offsetting the decline in volume and operating margin is expected to be around 11%. In international, we anticipate both volume and revenue to be down by around 4% and we expect to generate an operating margin of around 20%. And in supply chain solutions, we expect full year revenue to be around $14.3 billion, and operating margin is expected to be around 10%. We have proven our ability to adapt in a dynamic environment. We have many levers to pull on the cost side and we will continue to control what we can control by delivering industry leading service and remaining disciplined on revenue quality. We will also continue investing in growth and efficiency initiatives like international DAP, healthcare and Smart Package smart facility, which will help us come out of this economic cycle faster and stronger. Specifically, now that our volume is trending at the downside of our range, we are executing our plan to take out semi variable and fixed costs. Including in the U.S. air network, we are adjusting package flows to maximize utilization on our next day flights, which enables us to reduce block hours in our two-day operation. On the ground, we are pulling more volume into our large regional hubs, further leveraging the automation in those buildings and enabling us to eliminate sorts in smaller buildings. Driving more consolidation on the ground could potentially allow us to reduce our overall building footprint in the U.S. Internationally, based on the volume levels over the last couple of quarters, weve further reduced scheduled flights to reflect lower market demand while ensuring we maintain agility in the network to quickly add flights where needed if volume returns more strongly than we expect. Across our global business, we will continue to manage headcount with volume levels. And in terms of overhead, we see opportunities to further reduce costs by leveraging technology. Now lets turn to capital allocation. Our plans have not changed. We will continue to make long-term investments to support our strategy and capture growth coming out of this cycle. We still expect 2023 capital expenditures to be about $5.3 billion, including investments in automation, and well add 2.3 million square feet of healthcare logistics space to our global network this year. Well also complete the deployment of the first phase of Smart Package Smart Facility in the U.S., expand DAP internationally and continue building out our logistics as a service platform. We are still planning to pay out around $5.4 billion in dividends in 2023 subject to Board approval. We still plan to buy back around $3 billion of our shares. And lastly, our effective tax rate for the full year is expected to be around 23.5%. In closing, despite the challenging macro backdrop, we will continue to provide industry leading service to our customers and we will stay on strategy. We are investing to make our network even more efficient and to strengthen our customer value proposition to enable us to capture growth coming out of this cycle. Thank you. And operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. Well now conduct a question-and-answer session. Our first question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead, sir.
David Vernon: So Carol, I wanted to follow up on your commentary around the productivity in lighter volume. As you guys think about the way the business is performing against the lower volume outlook right now, how confident are you that if we get into a better volume environment, say 2024, 2025, that some of those productivity gains are going to be able to be held? And then Brian maybe is just a follow-up. Can you give us a sense for what sort of magnitude of facility reductions you might be able to pull off here in the next couple of years? Thanks.
Carol Tom: Well, David, thank you for your question. First, as it relates to productivity, we introduced our total service plan last year. Thats not one and done. Thats the way were going to operate our business forever. Productivity is a virtuous cycle here at UPS. And Nando and the team continue to find opportunities to drive productivity in down markets as well as up markets.
Brian Newman: And on the second part of the question, Dave in terms of the scope of building consolidation, et cetera, Nando and the team are doing a nice job working a project called network of the future, still early days. We do have some facility sales planned in the second quarter of the back half of the year, but that doesnt really ramp up in terms of the opportunity to consolidate until 2024, 2025 in that timeframe.
Carol Tom: Just a little bit more color on that perhaps if you think about how we grew up as a company, if we build up a facility, we spun off a building and then we would build up another facility and spin off a building. As Nando and his team have looked at it, we found that, huh, we might be able to consolidate some of those spinoffs into highly automated buildings, drive productivity and not lose any drive time, not impact our customer service in any negative way. So were looking at that, its pretty exciting.
Brian Newman: But it is a change in culture. I dont think Carol, weve actually closed buildings outside of the non-op side. So its a pivot to be more optimized and focused.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, operator. Good morning, Carol and Brian. So Brian, the volume environment is obviously weaker and the weakness seems  seem to have accelerated towards the end of the quarter. So Im just trying to understand, where are we now? I mean, theyre obviously  youre obviously confident about achieving the low end of the guidance. Im just trying to understand, that confidence in the context of the volume uncertainty. And then just as a follow-up if I could, Carol, its great that you think a win-win-win is still achievable, but the rhetoric is getting like really bellicose. And so, Im wondering if youd give some color on that dynamic because it seems like its costing you guys some volume right now. And I know you made an acquisition last year with Delivery Solutions that gives you access to a lot of contingent capacity. So talk about the win-win-win against the rhetoric, against the investments youve made. Theres a lot in there, but Ill let you answer it however you want. Thanks.
Brian Newman: Yes. The biggest change in terms of the base case versus downside is the volume. We were looking at volumes of down 1% in the base case, and now weve pivoted to the downside of down 3%. The first quarter was an evolution about where we expected in January, February a little bit lighter, but March was the trail off. And so as weve seen the macros to deteriorate, we look at things like IP manufacturing and ESMO [ph], those have continued to devolve. And so weve basically adjusted the volume outlook for the first half of the year. And so two reasons, were confident that the full year in the case of the domestic business will be at 11%. We have confidence that the volume will come back post the summer related to customer conversations and some of the macro which we think will trough in the middle part of the year. And also cost we can go into more detail, but our ability to control cost and take more of the semi-variable out will help us deliver that 11% in the U.S.
Carol Tom: And maybe just a little more color on volume, and then Ill go to your question about Teamsters. As we  as Brian detailed, the rate of acceleration in the year-over-year decline caused us pause because we were down around 3% in January, 5% in March  February and 7% in March. As we look at April, April has stabilized relative to how we exited March. So we feel very good that volume has stabilized. If we look at the year-over-year decline in the U.S. a little over 1 million packages today, we would attribute over 60%, nearly 62% of the decline due to macro and a plan decline with our largest customers. Were declining with them in a mutually agreed way. So its really a macro story here and were delighted to see that the volume has stabilized. To Brians point, then, what gives us confidence that the volume will come back in the back half of the year. Ill share with you our strategy as it relates to sales. And this is a multifaceted strategy. It starts with keep to your point about volume diversion, which all by the way wasnt very much in the first quarter. Weve assigned 127 high impact executives to over 380 customers representing about one third of our total volume. The role of the high impact executive is to meet with our customers, update them on our ongoing negotiations with the Teamsters and to keep them with us. The next element of our strategy is protect in the unlikely event of a work stoppage. And were not counting on that because we are confident were getting our contract. But in the unlikely event, we do have contingency plans to protect. The third leg of our strategy is to win back for any volume that has diverted. And we did have some it would be unreasonable to expect that we wouldnt have any for volume that has diverted. We are going to win it back because theyve told us theyre coming back. In fact, one customer just signed on the dotted line that theyre coming back once we have a handshake. The third is to continue to sell. We are selling in the environment and we want to sell and close and pull through those new customers. And then finally is work the pipeline. We have a pipeline thats greater than $6 billion. Thats hard to sell into right now because of that Teamsters negotiation. But we are going to go hard at it once we have that handshake deal. And were going to go at it in a way that weve never done before because we will be using our dynamic pricing model. This is a very different way to go to market because we are creating value propositions for our customers that we havent done before. Using the architecture of tomorrow pricing model that weve created, which creates the modifiers to base price its a win for our customer and our win for UPS. So thats really how were getting competent in the volume projections that we shared with you this morning. Now to your question about the Teamsters. It  we told you from the beginning that it was going to be noisy and thats turning out to be true. But let me just comment on the recent rhetoric. There was some noise about supplemental agreements. We have over 40 supplemental agreements with the Teamsters. We have been negotiating in good faith with the Teamsters on those supplemental agreements and have made very good progress. In fact, Teamsters leadership and UPS leadership were in Washington D.C. last week, both given in opening comments regarding the Master agreement. So I feel like we are very much on track as to our timeline to accomplish a win-win-win. And why am I competent about a win-win-win? Well, first of all, we are aligned on the Northstar. And the Northstar is that a thriving, growing UPS is good for Teamsters, its good for UPS and its good for our people. And when you are aligned on the Northstar, everything else can get worked out on some of the issues that Teamsters have been very public about. And we talked about its the last time we had an earnings call. Were aligned. For example, we all agree that weekend delivery is table stakes because thats what consumers are expecting. We all agree its how we go about doing that from an operating model perspective, that we need to work it out. Because of restrictions in our contract, in some instances, we have Teamsters working six days a week. Teamsters dont like that. I dont like that. If you want to work six days a week, thats fine with me, but if you dont, we shouldnt force you. So weve got to work that out. And there are a number of other issues just like that when we get to the bargaining table, well figure out a way to work it out. Im highly confident that were going to get a win-win-win agreement. But like any negotiation, its going to be a noisy and a few bumps along the way. And I just had this argument with my husband about a puppy. It was noisy, it was stuffy [ph]. But in any negotiation, thats going to be the case and its certainly the case here. And thats why I go back to our sales strategy of these high impact executives putting their arms around our customers and making sure theyre comfortable with us because we are confident well deliver our contract.
Amit Mehrotra: Got it. Thank you. Good luck with the puppy.
Carol Tom: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Just want to go back to the productivity side that the hours deployed, the spread between hours deployed and the volumes certainly narrowed this quarter. I know you talked about some stabilization in April and certainly some cost outs going forward. Just any color on how we should think of that spread? Should it remain positive and maybe expand as we get towards the back half of the year? Thanks.
Brian Newman: Yes. So look  but were going to need to take cost out balance a year. Itll be a big reduction in CPP. We were mid-single digit Allison in the U.S. And candidly, if you had told me wages were going to be up 6% and volume was going to be down 5%, I wouldve expected something like a double-digit CPP about three or four years ago. Nando and the team have done extraordinary job of driving that 6% that we saw in the quarter, but we are expecting low-single digits for the balance of the year. As you think about CPP, its going to come from four areas. One, Carol talked about total service plan, and thats that reducing hours more than volume and managing the headcount. The second is our network. We deal with both ground and error, as you know, and in the ground side, how do we consolidate volume and automated facilities, closed sorts and really focus on the efficiency there. On the air side, its changing the package flows to better utilize the one day network. And in fact, domestic block hours they were down about 4% in the first quarter, we would expect to exit the second quarter at 2x [indiscernible] The third piece that were focused on is overhead and following the technology group delivering technology efficiency to allow us to do our jobs on the non-op side more efficiently and will continue to reduce headcount as volume warrants. And lastly, fuel. We expect fuel prices to be down double-digit year-over-year in the balance of the year 2Q and 2H. So that will reduce both RPP and CPP. But those four things combined drive a high amount of confidence in a low-single digit CPP balance a year.
Allison Poliniak: Understood. Thanks for the color.
Brian Newman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning. That was really helpful, Brian, in terms of the cost per piece framework, do you have a kind of a comparable thought for looking forward on revenue per piece? And maybe also some  just some commentary on how the pricing environments holding up. I think your primary competitors pretty focused on margins, cutting cost, cutting capacity. Obviously, youre doing a good job managing cost and capacity as well. So I think theres a lot of potential for a good pricing environment, but any thoughts on that? And also just how we think about the drivers of revenue per piece. Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yes. Tom, Im happy to. And I assume youre talking about the domestic business. We had guide.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Domestic, thanks. Yes.
Brian Newman: Originally to an RPP growth of about 3% this year. Carol mentioned volumes are coming in a bit softer, but were holding on to that RPP and the RPP composition, we actually saw close to 5% RPP growth in the first quarter. That was driven by a tailwind in fuel about 200 bps that flips around Tom in the back end of the year where we expect double-digit decline in fuel price. So the way I think about the GRI and the customer mix piece, that should be mid-single digit about 5 points. And then well have about a 200 bps decline from fuel. That gets us right into that, that that 3% range. We did see some headwinds in the product mix, the air to ground in the first quarter, thatll moderate as we go into Q2 in the back end of the year. So thats the composition.
Carol Tom: Yes. May be just a comment on the pricing environment, the keep rate on the GRI is the high as its been. In the United States, its north of 60%. Its even higher outside of the United States.
Tom Wadewitz: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, sir.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi. You talked a little bit about whats going to drive cost per piece back after the year, but maybe can you talk a little bit about some of the specific buckets notably that other expense was quite a bit higher and is it more opportunity purchase transport? Just trying to get a sense for what  where its going to be impacted the most. Thanks.
Brian Newman: Yes. [Indiscernible] was we were able to take cost out of that. And as you look at the back end of the year from another perspective, were certainly getting after a lot of the non-operating costs. Were taking consulting spend out of the business. Were taking headcount out of the business. So were really driving from a non-ops perspective down to something closer to a 4% of revenue from a cost perspective.
Carol Tom: And maybe just a comment on that other expense line item because it does look out of sorts, we are moving to Software-as-a-Service. Its a line item move, right, Brian, youre the finance person here, but rather than depreciations its going to move into expect.
Brian Newman: Thats exactly right.
Carol Tom: So theres a little bit of a difference if you have Software-as-a-Service for your technology deployment versus what you build.
Brian Newman: Transition of buckets.
Carol Tom: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yes.
Jordan Alliger: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up, talked a lot about the domestic environment and stabilization perhaps in April, but what about the Asian export business? Is there anything on that front that, that gives a little confidence right now? Thanks.
Carol Tom: Well, heres what were seeing in the business, week after week its better. Its still down year-on-year, but its better slowly coming out of this negative year-over-year decline of almost 20% in the first quarter. And Kate and her team are doing a masterful job of managing through that. In fact, if you look at productivity outside the United States, our Asia export business down 8.9%, our block hours were down 14% and shes taking more block hours out in the second quarter even with improvements just to optimize VR [ph] network.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Jordan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, good morning, Carol and Brian. You talked about the sharp decline in mid-February. I guess youve seen this before where weve had some stabilization and then the sharp decline inventory still seem high. Maybe your thoughts on the backdrop, and maybe Brian a little more international, you talk about getting to 20% margin on international, but seems like pre-COVID you were operating maybe 16% to 19%. Did something structurally change or the mix change that, that you think that that is the new floor versus in a shifting environment it goes a little bit lower? Thanks.
Brian Newman: Yes, Ken, happy to start. You taking the last piece first, on international, we had guided a couple years ago when we went out with three-year guidance to a 21.5% in international, obviously the worlds changed a lot since then. But the mix of Kates business that shes running and the agility on the network in terms of managing the airflow has I dont know about a floor, but I think were comfortable with the 20%. Youll see that 20% margin can fairly consistently Q2 through Q4. So we feel comfortable about that in terms of how the business evolves.
Carol Tom: And on the volume question, again, it goes back to our sales strategy. We have pretty good visibility into the pipeline. Were just going to pull that pipeline through. In todays environment with the contract negotiation about a 100 days out to completion, its kind of hard to get it pulled through, but were going to pull it through when we get that handshake deal.
Ken Hoexter: Thanks, Carol. Thanks, Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Scott Group of Wolfe. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Brian, just a couple follow-ups on the guidance, the 11% U.S. margin. How does that trend throughout the course of the year? And then the volumes were down  the volumes down 3% for the year, how should we think about Q2? And is the back half sort of flat to positive? Is that what youre expecting? Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yes. I would say the  in terms of shaping the year, Scott, maybe that helps. We dont manage in quarters, but to help you shape, I referenced in the prepared remarks, 56% of our full year operating profit coming in the second half for the company. If you look at the U.S. domestic business, Id expect ADV year-over-year growth rates to bottom in Q2 and then improve from there to your point. And that relates to the actions were  as we think about margin, the actions were taking on semi variable costs and margins will improve sequentially in Q2 and then throughout. Fuel PPG will reduce both RPP and CPP. So its not a material profit impact but I would expect operating margins to be better in the second quarter than in the first. On the international side, I think ADV will gradually improve through the year. And as I mentioned, well have to see consistency of the op margin for the next three quarters of around 20% in the balance of the year. And then finally its supply chain. Revenue should be marginally better in Q2 than Q1, and you can hold that 10% as a full year op margin.
Scott Group: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bruce Chan with Stifel. Please go ahead, sir.
Bruce Chan: Yes, thanks, and good morning, everyone. Just want to ask here on the share shift issue if youre able to quantify or even qualify the attrition that youre seeing. And I just ask because I think theres been a lot of focus on your upcoming negotiations, but just based on your service investments and what are some pretty major, I think, operational changes at your largest competitor. Im wondering if youre actually seeing any business wins. Appreciate it.
Carol Tom: We are definitely seeing business wins. And Im  I have to give a hat off to our sales team for selling through this environment. We are delivering packages for customers that weve never delivered before. Why? Because our service is the best in the industry. But what we see with some of our long-term existing large customers is that their business is changing. And I can give you a few anecdotes if thats helpful. One of our large customers reports publicly every month their same-store sales. This is a customer who for 80 quarters in a row had positive same-store sales and in the month of March saw negative same-store sales. One of our other customers who has both in-store sales as well as online sales has seen a shift in their customer shopping behavior from online to stores. So theyre shutting down shifts inside of their warehouses, which make sense for them. So they receive generally macro and a change in consumer behavior impacting our volume, but were winning and we just got to go win faster and we will win faster when the uncertainty is behind us. Im quite convinced of the Teamster negotiation. Customers say, wed like to ship with you, were just going to sit on the sidelines till youre done. So we just need to get done. And we will.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So Carol, you just gave some commentary about some of the volume trends from some of the customers. Are you seeing anything that you would attribute to perhaps demand destruction from parcel rates going up with capacity constraints, with some of the disruptions and surcharges including on fuel? Do you attribute any of the volume weakness to that? And then Brian, maybe you can elaborate a bit more on returns. You mentioned it was a pretty good growth driver in the quarter, but your largest customers also floating the idea of perhaps charging for some returns in the future. I wanted to see if that was some consideration we should think about in terms of what that could do for that volume driver, which seems to be a pretty good one, at least for the time being. Thank you.
Carol Tom: So to your first question, we dont see volume disruption because of pricing. We do see product change however. If you looked at our air product in the quarter, it was down year-on-year, more than ground. We see customers moving out of air to ground. Why? Well, weve really worked to improve our time in transit. So weve got the fastest time in transit now, so you can get your package where it needs to go quicker than before. And people are looking for value. So I can watch customer by customer moving out of air to SurePost, by the way. SurePost is up in the quarter, almost 2%.
Brian Newman: And on the returns business, its a great business. The margins are attractive. We saw positive growth in the first quarter as I called out. And a big piece of that is the  over 5,000 stores, we have UPS stores across the country. Carol mentioned 7% of the volume originates in those stores. And its a great easy way for consumers to with the returns that are going on as the e-comm economy pursues. So we feel good about that and something were building capability in every day.
Carol Tom: And convenience matters from returns. If you want to get that package back so you get credit back into your wallet, you want a convenient place to return. And with our locations near 85% of the U.S. population within 10 miles of 85% of the U.S. population were extraordinarily convenient.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead, sir.
Chris Wetherbee: Yes. Hey, just wanted to you maybe hit on the cadence question again and about sort of how this year progresses on the guidance. I think 56% of the profit on the back half of the year implies around $2.9 billion or so in 2Q. And just any thoughts around the step up we would might see between domestic and international? And then I guess just Brian on the RPP, CPP point, do you have a line of sight? Does the guidance include a flip back to RPP outperforming or outpacing CPP by the end of the year? Is that a volume function? Is that more of a cost function? Just want to make sure I understand sort of how you guys are thinking about that.
Brian Newman: So were longer term, Chris, as weve talked to you. Were always going to drive for RPP to outpace CPP. Were a bit of an extraordinary environment right now with the macros and everywhere they are. So we dont have margin expansion this year based on the guide. So you wont see that likely return until 2024. But we feel good about the taking cost and CPP down to low single digit as RPP does come back. So feel okay about that. And then your math is fairly accurate in the second quarter, youre doing the squeeze the right way.
Chris Wetherbee: Okay. Thank you very much.
Brian Newman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ari Rosa of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ari Rosa: Hey, good morning, Brian. Good morning, Carol. So I just wanted to understand, how do you think about the softer economic environment potentially impacting your discussion with the union? Is there any dimension on which it maybe makes negotiations a little bit easier or gives you a little bit more leverage vis--vis that discussion? Thanks.
Carol Tom: So we look out  we dont look in the current moment. We look out for where we both want to go as growing and thriving UPS is in the best interest of Teamsters, UPS, and our people. So the current economic environment, it is what it is, but our negotiations are all about the future.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of TD Cowen. Please go ahead maam.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi everybody. And thank you very much for the time. I wonder, Brian, if you could talk a little bit about what margins in the stores are like, I feel like you were hinting at their  one of your most profitable business lines. So Im kind of wondering if you could put some more color to that.
Brian Newman: Youre talking about the UPS stores? So its a great foundation for volume origin. We have a royalty relationship that generates a royalty stream that comes in from the stores as far as what income comes into UPS. And as that volume grows, our royalty grows.
Carol Tom: We do look at the profitability of stores. Because Im curious, Im an old retailer. So are the stores profitable? The stores are very profitable, which means franchisees are happy. We add about 100 new stores every year, because this is a great small business to own. And in terms of the royalty fee that comes into our company, theres some expenses against that. But if you look at the margin against that royalty fee, I would say, its the highest margin business that weve got.
Ken Cook: Excellent. Steven, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead maam.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Hi, Carol and Bryan. I just wanted to kind of look through your updated guidance, particularly your consolidated margin outlook. It certainly understand its a very fluid environment as it relates to volumes and appreciate the additional color of you guys executing on whats in your control. But could you talk a little bit about your ability to maybe still hit that margin target and volumes were to deteriorate worse than you expected? And how you kind of framed that in your outlook as you kind of looked at the puts and takes for it. What is a pretty volatile year? Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yes, happy to. And the whole reason we went out at the beginning of the year with two scenarios is we didnt know what was going to happen with the macros and the macros to continue to deteriorate in the first half of the year. So we had a playbook which was the downside scenario. We pulled that off the shelf and our executing the TSP, the network changes for ground and air, the overhead the fuel. And so from a line of sight perspective, what we control I feel good about the 12.8 that weve got in for the downside scenario. Obviously, the top line is what it is, but Carol said weve got the largest pipeline of sales that weve had in about five years, which is a very big number, $6 billion. And so our ability to pull that in posted negotiation with the labor that gives us confidence on the top line.
Carol Tom: Well, you might share the split of variable, semi variable and fixed.
Brian Newman: Yes. So well, Im not sure anythings fixed anymore, Carol. So we do about a third variable on the 70% in the semi and the fixed bucket and were really redefining that. As we talked earlier, we dont have a history of closing or selling buildings per se, but everythings on the table because in the new world there has been a growth over a 100 years of a bunch of buildings located around. And so Nandos ability to go and shut down some sorts and drive, were going to match the volume. The one thing Carol I would add is, when volume returns and make no mistake, volume will return to this business, we will be positioned very well to throw off cash, because well have positioned the cost structure in a good way.
Ken Cook: Thanks, Brian. And I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Look forward to talking to you next quarter. And that concludes todays call.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And the after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Ken Cook, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Ken Cook: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO; and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within The Federal Securities Laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2021 Form 10-K, subsequently filed Form 10-Qs and other reports we file with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion refers to adjusted results. For the third quarter of 2022, GAAP results include a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension gains of $782 million, a onetime non-cash after tax charge of $384 million resulting from accelerated vesting of restricted performance units in connection with the change in incentive compensation program design, a non-cash after tax charge of $58 million from a reduction in the residual value of our MD11 aircraft and after tax transformation and other charges of $41 million.  The after tax total for these items is $299 million, a benefit to fourth quarter 2022 EPS of $0.34 per diluted share. Additional details regarding your pension adjustments are included in the Appendix of our fourth quarter 2022 earnings presentation that will be posted to the UPS Investor Relations website later today. A reconciliation to GAAP financial results is available on the UPS Investor Relations website, along with the webcast of today's call. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions].  And now I'll turn the call over to Carol. 
Carol Tome : Thank you, Ken. And good morning. Let me begin by thanking UPSers for delivering what matters to our customers this holiday season. In a quarter, we were faced with choppy demand, continued COVID lockdowns in China, a threat of a work strike in the United States, and a bomb cyclone in North America.  But no matter what came our way, our team delivered. We executed another outstanding peak and delivered industry leading service for the fifth consecutive year. I'm very proud of our team and what we accomplished, not just in the quarter, but for the entire year. Looking at our fourth quarter results, we expected volume levels to decline from last year and they did, but more than we planned due to macro conditions that Brian will discuss. We responded by managing our network with agility and a focus on service. Consolidated revenue was $27 billion, down 2.7% from last year, and operating profit was $3.8 billion, a decrease of 3.3%. While our consolidated operating margin declined by 10 basis points from last year, to 14.1%, our U.S. operating margin expanded to 12.8% and reached the levels not seen in 10 year. Reflecting back on 2022, much changed from when we originally set our plan. We experienced geopolitical tensions, including a war and global inflation drove food and energy costs higher. We saw both relief and concern as China pivoted away from its zero COVID policy. Global supply chains continue to adjust and demand and pricing for air and ocean freight softened accordingly. Consumers returned to pre-pandemic shopping behaviors, as retailers have been successful and attracting consumers back into stores. And we won't even talk about the weather, which candidly presented challenges throughout the year. Even in the face of so much change, UPSers remained focus on controlling what we can control. And we delivered our full year consolidated operating margins and return on invested capital targets. In 2022, consolidated revenue increased 3.1% to reach $100.3 billion. We missed our revenue target by about 2%, but as Brian will detail, nearly all of this mess was due to a stronger dollar than originally anticipated. Consolidated operating profit in 2022 totaled $13.9 billion, 5.4% higher than last year, and consolidated operating margin reached 13.8%. We generated $9 billion in free cash flow and diluted earnings per share were $12.94, an increase of 6.7%. During the year, we stayed on strategy, customer first, people-led, innovation-driven. As we've discussed, customer first is about creating a frictionless customer experience targeted at certain customer segments including SMBs and healthcare. Since its inception, we've had huge success with DAP, our Digital Access Program and making it easier for SMB customers to do business with UPS. In 2022, we generated more than $2.3 billion in DAP revenue exceeding our targets. We expect the momentum to continue and plan to generate around $3 billion in global DAP revenue in 2023. And with the launch of Deal Manager in 2022, we've made progress towards dynamic pricing. Deal Manager digitizes the pricing process, and applies pricing science to present the right offer to our SMB customers the first time, so we are able to close deals faster and with better revenue quality. In 2022, our U.S. win rate with Deal Manager was 22 percentage points higher than the baseline. So we are moving quickly to expand access to Deal Manager to more than 40 countries in 2023. Additionally, we recently launched a pilot that enables systematic day or week pricing, which is good for our customers and good for UPS. Early feedback is promising, and we'll share more updates on this pilot on future calls. Looking at SMBs, they made up 28% of our total U.S. volume in 2022, an increase of 120 basis points compared to 2021. Turning to healthcare, in 2022, our healthcare portfolio reached $9.2 billion in revenue, and the quality of our offerings was best-in-class. Our goal is to become the number one complex healthcare logistics provider in the world. Today, we have nearly 17 million square feet of healthcare compliance distribution space globally, with leading cold chain logistics capabilities. In 2023, we expect our healthcare portfolio to generate more than $10 billion in revenue. We don't just look at volume and revenue to measure our success, we also look at our net promoter score. In 2022, the improvements we saw in our net promoter score outpaced the competition. We made strong gains in all 16-customer journeys, including the three most important, negotiate value, reroute a package and resolve a claim. We are well on our way to our NPS target of 50. Turning to People led. Here we are focused on the employee experience, and making UPS a great place to work. For our frontline employees, we made organizational design changes to address certain work-life balance challenges. We've stepped up maintenance spending in our buildings, including updating break rooms and restrooms, refreshing paints, improving lighting, and adding cooling stations. And for our management employees, nearly 40,000 around the world, we've been laser focused on improving our likelihood to recommend score, or LTR. When I started with the company LTR stood at 51%. It is now 60%, and we would like it to be 80% or higher. And looking at the drivers of dissatisfaction, the largest area of concern was pay, not the total amount of pay, but rather than pay mix structure. So we've taken action to fix it. Beginning in 2023, we are changing the pay mix structure by increasing the cash component. This shift does not change total compensation for our management employees, but does increase cash. We also accelerated the vesting of stock rewards associated with our annual bonus plan. This was a onetime non-cash charge. Beginning in 2023, management incentive plan annual bonuses if earned will be paid in cash. Regarding our upcoming labor contract negotiations, we are well prepared for negotiations, and are focused on achieving an agreement that is a win for our employees, a win for the Teamsters and a win for UPS and our customers. We have great jobs with industry leading pay and benefits. Now, I suspect many of you listening today, we'd like to tell about our negotiating strategy. Well, we believe the best way to achieve a win win win outcome is for us leave the details of the negotiations at the bargaining table. So let's move on to the last leg of our strategy, innovation-driven. We believe innovation is one reason we've been able to provide our customers with industry-leading service for five peaks in a row. By leveraging the agility and efficiency of our integrated network, our engineers and operating teams quickly make decisions to adjust the network and keep service levels high.  This year, we supplemented our engineering tools with our total service plan, which further improved our on-time network and drove productivity. In the fourth quarter, hours deployed in the U.S. dropped 5.3% which was greater than a decrease in volume. And in terms of cube utilization, our efforts in the fourth quarter enabled us to eliminate nearly 1,500 trailer loads per day. We are relentlessly focused on making our network even more efficient. We were very pleased with the initial results of our Smart Package Smart Facility RFID Initiative, where we are seeing fewer missed loads and higher productivity. As a result, this year, we plan to complete the RFID deployment in the more than 900 remaining buildings across the U.S. In 2022, we created a new growth platform we call logistics-as-a-service, which combines digital capabilities with our best-in-class global integrated network. Under this platform, we launched our Delivery Density Solution, where we continue to add customers and are seeing positive results. Lastly, we can't talk about innovation without speaking into the progress we are making against our environmental sustainability targets. In 2022, we took delivery of over 2,300 alternative fuel and advanced technology vehicle, bringing our rolling laboratory to more than 15,600. And in 2023, we plan to add more than 2,400 vehicles, as we move toward carbon neutrality by 2050.  We think the best way to measure innovation driven is by delivering higher returns on invested capital. For the full year 2022, we delivered a return on invested capital of 31.3%, 50 basis points above 2021. Let me close with a few comments related to 2023. The outlook for economic growth is cloudy at best, geopolitical tensions are rising, and we have a labor contract to negotiate. For us, it is a year of resilience. What does resilience mean? It means we will plan conservatively and pivot quickly. It means we will balance defensive and offensive mode and it means we will execute what we call our wildly important initiatives. Specifically, we will balance efficiency moves with growth opportunities. Think of that as better and bolder. We will stop certain initiatives and accelerate other thereby increasing investment in our business. Relative to 2022, we are increasing our 2023 expense and capital budget by over $900 million. Finally, we will focus on three widely important initiatives, improving the customer value proposition, increasing talent development and employee engagement, and leveraging our physical network with our digital platform to drive logistics-as-a-service. Given the uncertainty ahead, we are providing a range for our 2023 revenue and profit outlook. Brian will provide the details. As a demonstration of competence in our business going forward, and in concert with our capital allocation principles, the UPS board has approved a $0.10 increase in the quarterly dividend from $1.52 per share to $1.62 per share. This is the 14th consecutive year, we have increased the UPS dividend. Additionally, our board approved a new $5 billion share repurchase authorization replacing our existing authorization. In closing, for the past two and a half years, we have fundamentally improved nearly every aspect of our business, and we're just getting started. Uncertainty creates opportunity, and this team has proven that it's up for the challenge.  So thank you for listening. And now I'll turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Newman : Thanks, Carol and good morning. In my comments, I'll cover three areas, starting with our fourth quarter results. Then I'll review our full year 2022 results including cash and shareholder returns. And lastly, I'll provide comments on expectations for the macro environment and our financial outlook for 2023.  In the fourth quarter, the macro environment was challenging. In the U.S. inflation-sensitive consumers returned to more pre pandemic shopping patterns and holiday retail sales were lower than expected, especially after Cyber week. Internationally, demand in Europe remained under pressure. Ocean and air freight rates declined and exports out of Asia worsened due to COVID conditions in China. Despite these conditions in the fourth quarter, we responded quickly and again delivered for our customers and shareholders. In the fourth quarter. Consolidated revenue was $27 billion, down 2.7% from the fourth quarter of last year, and operating profit was $3.8 billion, a decrease of 3.3% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Consolidated operating margin was 14.1% for the quarter, down 10 basis points from the same time period last year. For the fourth quarter, diluted earnings per share was $3.62, up 0.8% from the same period last year. Now let's look at our business segments. In U.S. domestic, revenue quality initiatives more than offset the decline in volume and drove strong fourth quarter results. In the fourth quarter, average daily volume was down 3.8% versus the same time period last year, with about half of the decrease coming from our largest customer, per the mutually beneficial contractual agreement we reached some time ago. In the fourth quarter, volume in October and November came in as we expected, including a surge in late-November from Black Friday through Cyber week. In December, volume fell short of our expectations, reflecting consumer spending cutbacks at the height of the holiday season. B2C average daily volume declined 3% in the fourth quarter compared to last year. B2B average daily volume in the fourth quarter was down 5.2% year-over-year, driven by declines in retail and industry sectors that are more sensitive to rising interest rates, like manufacturing and distribution. In the fourth quarter, B2B represented 35.3% of our volume, which was down slightly from 35.8% in the same time period last year.  Looking at customer mix, SMBs made up 26.5% of our total U.S. domestic volume in the fourth quarter, an increase of 70 basis points from one year ago, and the 10th consecutive quarter of increased SMB penetration. For the quarter, U.S. domestic generated revenue of $18.3 billion, up 3.1%. Revenue per piece increased 7.2% driven by revenue quality, which more than offset the decline in volume. Improvements in base pricing more than offset a small decline due to product mix and together drove about half of the revenue per piece growth rate increase. The remaining half of the revenue per piece growth rate increase was driven by the combination of higher fuel price per gallon and our fuel pricing actions.  Turning to costs, total expense grew 2.5%. First, higher fuel costs contributed about 150 basis points of the total expense growth rate increase. Second, higher wages and benefit expense contributed 150 basis points of the increase. Total union wage rates were up 5.6% in the fourth quarter, driven by the annual wage increase and cost of living adjustment for our Teamster employees that went into effect in August of 2022.  Productivity initiatives help partially offset the increase in expense. For example, total service plan has improved driver dispatch time by 7.9% since its launch in July 2022. This is helping us run an on-time network. And in the fourth quarter we increased total productivity by 1.6% as defined by pieces per hour. Lower purchase transportation expenditures reduced the total expense growth rate by around 140 basis points, primarily from utilizing UPS feeder drivers to support our fastest ground ever and continued optimization efforts. And the remaining expense growth rate increase was driven by multiple factors including maintenance and depreciation. Looking specifically at our peak period, our sales, engineering and operating teams planned and executed another successful peak. We used our technology to maximize the agility of our integrated network, including our newest regional hub in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. All of which enabled us to respond to changes in volume levels and difficult weather as winter storms rolled across the country close to Christmas. Our network never stopped and we provided industry leading service to our customers for the fifth year in a row. The U.S. domestic segment delivered $2.3 billion in operating profit, up 7.5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. And operating margin was 12.8% year-over-year increase of 60 basis points. Moving to our international segment. The macro environment was challenging and resulted in lower volume than we anticipated in the fourth quarter. We leveraged the agility of our global network to quickly adjust capacity while delivering excellent service to customers. In the fourth quarter, international average daily volume was down 8.6%. The decline was primarily driven by a 12.9% decrease in domestic average daily volume and weakness out of Asia due to COVID. Total export average daily volume in the fourth quarter declined 4% on a year-over-year basis. Asia export average daily volume declined 10.3% driven by lower global demand and disruptions to manufacturing output from the changes in China's COVID policy. In response, we quickly adjusted the network and cancelled over 200 of our China and Hong Kong origin flights maintained high service levels and achieved a payload utilization of over 98% on our Asia outbound intercontinental flights. In the fourth quarter, international revenue was $5 billion, down 8.3% from last year, due to the decline in volume and a $321 million negative impact currency. Revenue per piece was relatively flat year-over-year, but there were a number of moving parts including a 660 basis point decline due to a stronger U.S. dollar, a 540 basis point increase from fuel surcharges and the remaining increase of 100 basis points was due to the combination of multiple factors including favorable product mix, base price increases and lower demand related surcharge revenue. Operating profit in the international segment was $1.1 billion, down $240 million from last year due to $139 million reduction in demand related surcharge revenue and a $98 million negative impact from currency. Operating margin in the fourth quarter was 22%.  Now looking at Supply Chain Solutions, in the fourth quarter revenue was $3.8 billion, down $846 million year-over-year. Looking at the key drivers in forwarding, software global demand drove down volume and market rates more than we expected, resulting in lower revenue and operating profit. Logistics partially offset the declines in forwarding and delivered double digit revenue in operating profit growth driven by gains in our complex healthcare business from coaching and clinical trials customers. In the fourth quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated an operating profit of $403 million and operating margin was 10.5%.  Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $182 million of interest expense. Our other pension income was $297 million. And our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 22.4%.  Now let me comment on our full year 2022 results. In 2022, we remained focused on controlling what we could control and provided excellent service to our customers, which enabled us to deliver our consolidated operating margin and return on invested capital targets.  A few consolidated highlights. Revenue reached $100.3 billion, an increase of $3.1 billion over 2021. This was $1.7 billion below our $102 billion revenue target, but included a $1.3 billion year-over-year negative impact from currency. In 2022, we generated operating profit of $13.9 billion, an increase of 5.4% over full year 2021 consolidated operating margin was 13.8%, an increase of 30 basis points. We increased our ROIC to 31.3%, up 50 basis points compared to last year. We generated $14.1 billion in cash from operations and continue to follow our capital allocation priorities. We invested $4.8 billion in CapEx. Additionally, we acquired Bomi Group, a delivery solutions and made an investment in Commerce Hub. We distributed $5.1 billion in dividends, which represented a 49% increase on a per share basis over 2021. We've repaid $2 billion in debt that matured during the year and our net pension liability decreased by over $3 billion. Both of which helped us reach our targeted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.4 turns, giving us ample financial flexibility to continue deploying capital to create value for our shareholders.  Lastly, we completed $3.5 billion in share buybacks in 2022. And in the segments for the full year, a U.S. domestic operating profit was $7.6 billion up 12.8% and we expanded operating margin to 11.8%, a year-over-year increase of 70 basis points. The International segment generated $4.4 billion in operating profit and operating margin was 22.4%. And Supply Chain Solutions delivered operating profit of $1.9 billion, an increase of $153 million and operating margin was 11.3% an increase of 150 basis points over 2021. Moving to our outlook for 2023. We expect 2023 to be a bumpy year, due to rising interest rates, decades high inflation, recession forecasts, a war in Eastern Europe, COVID disruptions in China, and our U.S. labor negotiations. While we anchor our plans to S&P Global economic forecasts, we have developed multiple plans scenarios that will help us quickly pivot in an uncertain macro environment.  Further, given our financial strength and solid cash position, we are increasing strategic investments to enhance our ability to capture growth opportunities, as we come out of this cycle. I'd like to share two of those scenarios with you now, which are the basis for the guidance we are providing this year. The first is our base case that delivers the high end of the target range. And the second scenario includes additional top-line risks and represents the low end of the range.  Let's start with our assumptions for the base case at a segment level. In the U.S., we expect a mild recession in the first half the year, with a moderate recovery in the second half of the year. In the U.S. domestic segment, we anticipate average daily volume will be down slightly due to our continued volume glide down from our contractual agreements with our largest customer which will be nearly offset with growth from SMB and other enterprise customers. And we expect volume growth to be better in the second half of the year compared to the first. We also expect the revenue growth rate to be low-single digits.  On the cost side. While we will manage the network to match volume levels, we have increased both capital and operating expenses for projects that drive efficiency and growth. One example is the accelerated deployment of our smart package smart facility initiative to all remaining U.S. facilities, which we plan to complete by the end of the year. And on the growth front, we will continue to invest in improving customer experience. Putting it all together, we expect to grow revenue per piece at a faster rate than cost per piece, and expand full year domestic operating margins to 12%.  Turning to international in 2023. In our base case plan, we expect a recession in Europe in the first half of the year. And in China, we expect weak demand in the first quarter with recovery beginning in the second quarter. We are accelerating initiatives like international data to help us gain share and partially offset macroeconomic softness. We anticipate international average daily volume will decline by low-single digit, with volume growth better in the second half of the year compared to the first. We expect revenue to decline by low-single digits, including reduction in demand related surcharges. We will continue to manage our costs with agility and expect to generate an operating margin of around 21%.  Turning to Supply Chain Solutions, we expect revenue to be around $14.6 billion as forwarding volumes will remain challenged and market rates will fall from year-end 2022 levels. We expect to partially offset declines in forwarding revenue from double digit growth in our healthcare business, resulting in an operating margin of nearly 11%.  In our downside plan, which represents the low end of our range, we start with our base case assumptions for all segments and layer in the following. In U.S. domestic, we reduced expected enterprise and SMB volume growth rates, resulting in a full year volume decline of around 3% versus 2022. In international, we layer in weaker demand out of Asia for the entire first half of the year, and a slower recovery in Europe in the second half of the year, resulting in a mid-single digit decline in average daily volume. And in Supply Chain Solutions, we lowered our assumptions for air and ocean freight forwarding market volume and rates, which reduced full year revenue for supply chain solutions by around $200 million.  Bringing it all together for the full year 2023, we expect consolidated revenues to be between $97 billion and $99.4 billion and consolidated operating margins to be between 12.8% and 13.6%, with more than half of our operating profit coming in the second half of the year.  Now turning to pension. There are a couple of factors to keep in mind as you update your models. First, beginning in 2023, we froze our defined benefit pension plan for U.S. non-union employees and have replaced it with enhanced 401(k) benefits. Second, high discount rates at the end of 2022 will result in lower service costs in 2023. Above the line, we expect the combination of these two factors will reduce operating expenses by approximately $420 million in 2023, with around 90% of the reduction in the U.S. domestic segments.  Below the line, we expect pension income of around $260 million for the full year 2023, which is $930 million less than in 2022 primarily due to higher interest rates, resulting in an increase in pension interest expense and a reduction in the value of our pension assets for market performance in 2022.  We've included a few slides in the Appendix of today's webcast deck to provide you more detail. The webcast deck will be posted to the UPS Investor Relations website following this call.  Now let's turn to full year 2023 capital allocation. Our capital priorities have not changed and we will continue to make the best long-term investment decisions that will keep us on strategy and enable us to strengthen our customer value proposition and capture growth coming out of this cycle. We expect 2023 capital expenditures to be about $5.3 billion.  And here are a few project highlights. We will invest $2.4 billion in buildings and facilities to add automated storage capabilities and increase efficiency across the network. And we'll add 2.4 million square feet of healthcare logistics space to our global network. We will invest $1.3 billion in vehicles, including adding more than 2,400 alternative fuel vehicles to our fleet. We will invest $745 million in our air fleet, including taking delivery of seven 767 aircraft in 2023.  And in terms of IT, we will invest $830 million, which includes accelerating the rollout of smart package smart facility in the U.S., continuing to develop our delivery density solutions, and building out our logistics-as-a-service platform. And lastly, across these projects, and others, over $1 billion of investment will support our carbon neutral goals.  Now, let's turn to our expectations for cash and the balance sheet. We expect free cash flow to be around $8 billion in our base case. Consistent with our policy of a stable and growing dividend, the board has approved a dividend per share of $1.62 for the first quarter, which represents a 6.6% increase in our dividend. We are planning to payout around $5.4 billion in dividends in 2023 subject to board approval. We plan to buy back around $3 billion of our shares. And finally, our effective tax rate is expected to be around 23.5%, with a tax rate higher in the first quarter compared to the rest of the year, due to the timing of our employee stock awards.  In closing, we are focused on controlling what we can control, but we will continue to invest in our business to balance efficiency and growth opportunities under our better and bolder framework. The fundamental changes we made to our business, coupled with the continued execution of our strategy will help us navigate what's ahead in 2023.  Thank you. And operator, please open the lines. 
Ken Cook: And Stephen, one note before we do that, we did experience a technical difficulty with a webcast this morning. So apologies to those of you who've missed a portion of our prepared remarks. We plan to post the full recording of today's call to our Investor Relations website shortly after the completion of our call.  So Stephen, please open the lines. 
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session. Our first question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, operator. Hi, everyone. Brian, that was really helpful guidance framework. So appreciate that. A couple just clarification points. I guess the net service cost benefit is zero in domestic, if I look at the service component, I'm just trying to understand how much of that margin uplift is absolutely gross and net service. I don't know if you talked about -- I might have missed it. Sorry, there were a lot of numbers there. If you talked about the financial impact from what you're assuming on a new labor deal. So if you could just talk about those two items.  And then Carol, there's a lot of rhetoric that's heating up on a labor contract. Seems like every day we wake up, there's a new big article about it. Wondering what your message is to enterprise customers that may start to get a little bit uneasy with all the rhetoric that's heating up out there. Thank you.
Brian Newman : Thanks, Amit, I'll get started. We had about $420 million benefit to our consolidated operating costs, and that Amit, is being offset with investments. So that 420 specifically, I think you were talking about the domestic business, which is 380 of the 420, which is worth about $0.07 on a CPP. So when you think about the investment we're going to make into the business, which are about $400 billion, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that basically offsets the pension service cost impacted domestic. So it's more of a one for one.  On the labor front, so we've modelled in rates in both our base and our downside scenario, Amit. And I'm not going to get into the wage and benefit component of that. But I guess there's a broader labor question in there.
Carol Tome : Upon, I'm happy to address the labor question. Without getting into the details of what will take place at the bargaining table, I think it's important to remember that Teamsters have been part of the UPS family for more than 100 years. So over 10 decades, we've negotiated many, many contracts. This is not our first rodeo. Our approach with the Teamsters is a win win win. Win for the Teamsters, win for employees, and win for UPS and our customers.  Now, I mean to your observations, there have been a lot of articles and headlines recently, that with my cost so much a question whether or not a win win win is achievable. But I would submit that a win win win is very achievable, because we are not far apart on the issues.  And let me make this real for you by giving you a few examples. First, both Teamsters and UPS agree that a healthy and growing UPS is good, good for Teamsters, good for our people and good for our customers. In fact, we've added more than 70,000 Teamster jobs since 2018. So we're aligned that are growing and healthy UPS is good. To be growing and healthy, we need to be competitive and make sure that our offerings meet the needs of our customers. Then a lot has changed since the last time we negotiated our contract. Now recipients want their packages delivered when where and how they want them delivered, which means we can delivery well, it's become table stakes.  Teamsters fully acknowledge that, but have worried about the pressures placed on our workforce with weakened operations. And they refer to that to the sixth punch, which is when people work six days a week, or 22.4 drivers. We share the same concerns. I don't want people working six days a week unless they want to. So we're aligned on this. We just need to get to the bargaining table and work it out. And candidly, we think with just a few tweaks to our existing contract, we can work this out. So we're not far apart, we're aligned, we just need to work it out.  Another matter that's come up is heat. There can be no disputes, sadly, that the earth is heating up, and that puts an uncomfortable situation on our employees in the height of the summer. Safety is our number one priority for our people, so we're not a part on this issue. In fact, we're not waiting for the bargaining table. We've already kicked off a total revamp of our safety program, bringing in new technology, hydration, cooling systems, and a whole lot more to address heat. So we're not a part, we're going to do the right thing for our people.  So those are just a few examples of where I see a win win win is achievable. In fact, I'm committed to delivering with the rest of the team and win win win contract before the end of July.
Amit Mehrotra: Very good. Thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it. 
Brian Newman : Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah, good morning. I wanted to ask if, Brian, if you could run through the productivity programs, and give -- put some ballpark around the impact that you expect, smart package smart facility, TSP if you have other programs that are notable, so we can have a little more visibility and how to think about productivity in. And I'm thinking in domestic package in 2023. Thank you. 
Brian Newman : Sure, Tom. Well, look, Nando and the team have done a great job in pivoting and really driving productivity in the fourth quarter, they did an outstanding job. And we're calling for low single digit CPP in 2023. I referenced some of the investments that I think you're talking about in terms of smart pack smart facility, maybe if I unpack those, you'll get a sense of where we're investing.  So smart pack smart facility that really drives productivity inside the buildings, but it also improves the customer experience by reducing misloads. I think misloads today are running about one in 400, post the smart pack smart facility we will be up in one in 800. And there's a path to something higher or beyond that. And then there's accelerating pilots for Phase 2 which is sort baggage car.  Another area we're investing in, probably the second largest is healthcare. That's a great growth business for us. We're going to be adding about 2.4 million square feet in warehouse space next year. Some of that outside the U.S., half of that in the EU and half in the Americas. And then DAP has been a great performer for us. We're going to continue to invest in the DAP program, both domestically and internationally, enhancing the plug and play and adding brokerage in UPS access points in terms of capability. And then there's further investments into the customer experience and next gen brokerage.  So Tom, I think we have a lot of confidence in terms of the ability to drive total service plan, the investments we're making in smart pack smart facility, healthcare, DAP, and that's what's contributing to the low single digit CPP in 2023. 
Carol Tome : And maybe just to dimensionalize that a little bit more, in the fourth quarter alone in the United States productivity reduced our expense by $271 million. I mean, that's a lot. That's a lot. I'm really proud of the team. And just on smart package smart facility because I was just so enthralled with this project. We have of the 100 buildings that we're in, we have 50 buildings, where the misloads are now one in 1,000, that's six sigma perfection. So we're really excited about rolling out to the 940 remaining buildings in the United States. And here's the cool thing. We're going to roll out the first part of those buildings with wearable devices. But then we got plans to move away from the devices and actually make the car smart.  And last week, I was able to load a package, this is in the laboratory. I was able to load a package onto a smart car and saw that car actually check in the package. No human being did that. So this is way cool technology and we're excited about the productivity that that's going to be as a result. 
Brian Newman : And to Tom just from a seasonality perspective, we have planned productivity gains year-over-year in every quarter in '23. And so now the team will be reducing hours more than volume in the U.S. through the programs Carol and I just alluded to TSP and the automated capacity. So it's a balanced program.
Tom Wadewitz : Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning, and thanks for the time. So if you step back from the guidance at the midpoint, your EBITDA number is down, call it 6% from 2023 levels. And obviously, we are coming into a choppy macro. And Carol or Brian, can you talk about, the levers that you need to pull to kind of get reaccelerating growth? And how much of that is going to be sort of macro dependent as we think about the bridge from wherever we end up at '23 to '24. I'm just curious to get your perspective on what are the catalyzing agents that would reverse the trend in overall EBIT growth?
Carol Tome : Well, I think there are a number of catalyzing agents. We need to get through this choppy economic environment for sure. But if you think about where we've had some huge homeruns, let's talk about our Digital Access Program. We have seen enormous growth in this. When I started, it was less than $150 million, now over $2.3 billion in 2022 on its way to be $3 billion in 2023. And we're growing outside of the United States, had been just a U.S. program, now we're going outside the United States. And this is one area of investments for next year. So that's a catalyst for growth, because we're investing in a customer that's underserved today.  Another catalyst for growth is what we're doing on the customer journey. As we continue to move the needle on improving the experience with us, we see every year increasing penetration in our SMBs. Brian, that's part of the plan for next year. 
Brian Newman : That's right. So we'll be adding about 100 basis points, Carol, from a volume mix perspective on the SMB front. So that customer experience translating into continued growth on the SMB front. And from a macro perspective, obviously built into the guide is an improvement in the back half of the year. So we need to see a bit of a pickup in Asia, and the U.S. rebounding somewhat through a backdrop perspective. 
Carol Tome : Another catalyst for growth, of course, is healthcare logistics. Couldn't be more proud of the progress that we've made in this space. And we're just getting started. There's a huge opportunity for growth here around the world. And Kate and her team are doing a masterful job of leading us there.
David Vernon : And as you think about the OpEx that you're putting in to offset some of the above the line sort of service costs. Is that sort of one time in nature? Is that just project-based work around implementing RFID in the facilities? Is there some cost drag there that that comes away, or is that just cost drag that moves on to the next initiative? I'm just trying to think from a puts and takes perspective. 
Brian Newman : Now, some of the investments, international DAP for example, we're investing in the first part of the year, that'll start to pay back latter part of the year. And then the deployment of smart packs, smart facilities, that's probably more of a payback in '24 than '23 as we phase, complete Phase 1, and start to move on to Phase 2.
Carol Tome : And to dimensionalize the investment that we're making in smart package smart facility, it's about $140 million of expense this year, which will not repeat the following year, and about $106 million of capital.
David Vernon : That's super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter : Hey, great. Good morning. Carol, great to hear the target to have the contract done by the end of July. I think last year we had talked to you, you weren't even planning on sitting down early. So I think that's encouraging to hear.  Maybe you could talk a little bit about what the largest customer kind of represented full year for '22, your thoughts? I know you talked about the pace of the loss of that business, but it sounds like it's accelerating into '23. Maybe you could talk a little bit about that in perspective of your countering SMB wins.  And then on international to maintain that 21%, Brian, what's the assumptions in there to maintain that level?
Brian Newman : Sure. On the Amazon front, Ken, we finished up a year ago at 11.7% in terms of the percentage of Amazon as a percentage of our business. That came down to 11.3% in last year. So it was really a decline of about 40 basis points.  We'll continue on a mutually agreed path to glide that business down in 2023, and that's factored into our guide. So we feel good about being able to manage that down. On the international front, Ken, it was the second part of your question. So we've got an assumption that Asia comes back in the second half of the year. So that's -- they're going through some challenges right now in the early part of the year. There was a two-week lunar holiday. We had some COVID challenges, particularly out of China. So Kate and the team, they've done a masterful job in the fourth quarter and also in the beginning of this year in terms of pivoting our air network. I think Kate took down about 200 flights in Asia, which was really remarkable that they were able to do that in such a short period of time.  So the air network, seeing a little bit of a rebound in China and then getting after the opportunities that we're investing in. International, DAP was one I just mentioned and then going after the premium side of the market. So lots of encouraging optimism for the back half of the year.
Carol Tome : And agility really is the name of the game, isn't it. Here it is. It's the end of January. I would say our crystal ball is pretty murky, but I can tell you what we're seeing in the business today. The U.S. is actually doing a bit better than the base case. And International is doing a bit worse because we're in a now a two-week Lunar New Year holidays, who would have thought. But with herd immunity coming, we believe in China, things should get better outside the United States.
Ken Hoexter : And just to clarify, that 11.3. I think, Carol, you had mentioned that you were targeting maybe less than 11% on Amazon for '22. So it sounds like maybe it's not drifting away as fast as an accelerating decline.
Carol Tome : No, Ken, it's really is a function of currency. FX impacted our top line by $1.3 billion. So having not had the pressure on the top line, the percentage would have been different. Does that make sense?
Ken Hoexter : Yeah. Absolutely. Of course. Thanks for the clarification. 
Carol Tome : Yeah, thanks, Ken. 
Brian Newman : Thanks Ken. 
Ken Cook : And just a reminder, please limit yourself to one question, so that we can get through as many participants as possible. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group : Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. So I just want to make sure I'm understanding the guidance piece this year. So I think you said in the base case, Brian, the U.S. margin is 12%. And can you talk about where you see it in the downside scenario? And then you talked about more than half of the operating profit in the second half of the year. I mean it's typically somewhere between 50% and 55%. Should we think anything differently? I don't know if you want to give us a little bit more color on first half or second half profit margins and any color there? Thank you.
Brian Newman : Yeah, Scott. Good to hear from you. So I'll start with the latter question first. We expect about 56% of our profit to come in the second half of the year relative to 1H. And then I would also just give you a little bit of color. There will be a similar bathtub effect in the first half between 1Q and 2Q stepping up in 2Q.  From a domestic guide perspective, the other half of your question, Nando and the team are focused on 12%. That was actually the same number that we had guided to back in our Investor Day, and I'd say the world has changed a little bit since then, but we're getting after the 12% margin in 2023. The low end is based on 11%. And so there are a number of things that are factored in there. The biggest change would be a change in the top-line relative to volume. If the macro doesn't come back as quickly as we think it might. There's labor negotiations going on. So we thought it was prudent to put a floor in.
Scott Group : Thank you, guys. 
Brian Newman : Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Fowler of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler : Hey, great. Thanks and good morning. And thanks again for the detail. I wanted to ask on the expectations for revenue per piece in U.S. Domestic. If I kind of -- Brian you teased out kind of the comments, you've got revenue in the base case up low single digits, volume down slightly. So revenue per piece maybe low to mid-single digits, a bit of a deceleration from where you've been over the last two years. You've obviously done a good job of moving that up. But can you talk about the ability to see continued improvement in revenue per piece as you move through '23, how much of that's base pricing and mix and then the opportunity longer term? Thanks.
Brian Newman : Yeah, it's a great question. So the GRI, as you know, was 6.9%. And with the service rates, we'll keep a decent amount of that. The guide for RPP that we're building in our base case is mid-single digit for RPP, and that is facing two headwinds off of that number. You've got product mix and fuel, which are each combined, about 150 to 200 basis points off of that mid-single digit. So that's how we're thinking about it. And the product mix is really less air, more sure post, so a shift in the product mix. And then the fuel component, fuel is not going to have a big net impact to the business in 2023. But obviously, there's a cost component versus a revenue component.
Todd Fowler : Got it. That's helpful. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. I just want to turn to health care. You're quickly approaching sort of that original target of $10 billion in revenue there. Obviously, investing some more this year in that vertical. Is there a way to think of what kind of outgrowth you're seeing there? Sort of what's the base market case growth for health care this year versus what you guys are seeing or growing above? Just any color there.
Carol Tome : Well, I think Kate is here. And Kate, it would be great if you could just take that question, please.
Kate Gutmann : Yeah, absolutely. Thank you, Allison. So we've really been able to grow healthcare beyond even lapping the vaccine distribution that we did over $1 billion. And that was because with that service that we're delivering and the capability around the globe, we're actually selling more into biologics and some of the developing treatments. So that continues to fuel us for the future growth. We've seen double-digit growth, and we're planning for double-digit growth this year as well with very strong margins.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger : Yeah, hi. Good morning. Knowing that the SMB penetration continues to be an important part of the strategy, just sort of curious in an environment that's tougher, does it get more difficult to penetrate them? And do you find it maybe when you do, they're sort of trading down in services? Just sort of curious, especially given your large customer will continue to sort of shrink over the coming years. Thanks. 
Carol Tome : Well, we've been investing in the experience because we think that's the way to not only grow, but to keep that very important customer. And I couldn't be more proud of what we -- the team has delivered in this regard.  So if you think about customer journeys, if you will, there are three really big pain points. One was negotiate value. And that's why we're so thrilled with deal manager because deal manager is a huge home run. Iur win rate is 22% higher than we thought it would be with better revenue quality and the customers are happy because they're getting a deal with us within seven days. It used to take weeks. So negotiated value is an important part of continuing to serve this customer.  Another is reroute a package. We had some issues systemically that needed to be addressed, and we fixed that. So now we can reroute a package. And then finally, resolving a claim. Here, we had a broken link. So when you had a claim, it was not a good experience for our customers. And we've seen our net promoter score in this area alone improve dramatically. And the speed to pay, if a claim needs to pay, has improved by 10 days. So we continue to lean into the experience.  And Brian, I know you want to add something here.
Brian Newman : Thanks, Carol. Yeah, I would just follow up and say we're putting some OpEx investments, $400 million, into the business this year. We invested in a similar capacity in fastest ground ever and SMBs, et cetera, a couple of years ago. And as I think about the SMB journey by investing in those customer experience points Carol was talking about, those investments are paying off. That's what gives us confidence. We are seeing 40% higher SMBs today than in 2019 when we started that journey in that investment. And we're actually -- we've increased penetration, Carol, for the last 10 consecutive quarters. So it's a bit of a proof point on the SMB front in terms of the investment and the payoff.
Jordan Alliger : Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee : I guess maybe I had a question on volume. I wanted to understand a little bit better sort of the growth outlook for some of the SMBs, the non -- sort of Amazon business because it sounds like that's going to be up. So kind of curious about sort of what gives you confidence there, how much market share you've been able to win sort of us around that. And then Brian, a quick point of clarification as well. I think you talked about sort of the first half, second half dynamic of profit being leading to the back half. And then again, in 1Q and 2Q, should we be using sort of similar numbers like 44 -- 56 somewhere in that ballpark is a reasonable way to think about that first half as well?
Carol Tome : Maybe on the SMB question, let's look at our Digital Access Program. It's been a huge home run for us. Year-over-year, we saw $1 billion of growth in this program. Here's the important part. It's 3.5 million customers. It's -- these are very small customers who are shipping with us through the platform, and we see continued growth opportunities ahead for us. In fact, we think our DAP program will be over $3 billion in 2023.
Brian Newman : On the seasonality, yes, so you should consider a similar step-up in mix from a Q1 to Q2 perspective. From a Q1 perspective, Chris, we've got some Q4 trends coming out from a consumer and a macro perspective that are challenged. We're seeing that product mix headwinds, and we're making some of these investments in the early part of the year. So you should apply that same bathtub effect for Q1, Q2.
Chris Wetherbee : Thank you. 
Ken Cook : And then Stephen, we have time for one more.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck : Hey, good morning. Thanks for the time. Just want to come back to pensions real quick. Brian, can you talk about maybe any changes to the sensitivity? It's a little bit different than what we thought maybe not as big of an impact to change expected returns assumption or anything along those lines?  And then maybe if you can just wrap up with a bit of commentary on pricing and yield and productivity. And how all those really relate and it can trend throughout the year in an environment where you're seeing volume decelerate. You talked about all the different sort of headwinds or uncertainties, some of which showed up in peak. So really just looking to see if you're seeing some demand destruction out there.  And if you're able to drive these productivity gains, if the volumes don't necessarily show up where you think they could and surprised a bit to the downside? Thank you.
Brian Newman : Happy to, Brian. So on the pension front, look, we've been on a path to derisk the pension. And we actually feel good about the glide path there. We're up in the high-90s, about 98% funded level, which is great for our employees. From a liability perspective, we've taken that down from about $16 billion a couple of years ago to $4 billion, $4.8 billion now. So overall, the glide path has been good. The challenge we have is that we've seen historic rise in interest rates. And so that $900 million plus number that I gave you below the line, that is a non-cash number, but it moves up and down with the market. So we try to give you the transparency.  We do tend to look through that as it's a non-cash number when we think about our capital allocation vis-a-vis the dividend, et cetera. So net-net, I think we're doing the right thing for the company. Given the volatility in the interest rates, it is a challenging environment and will move up and down on a relative basis.
Carol Tome : The way I think about productivity, it's a virtuous cycle here at UPS, and I couldn't be more proud of what our team has done quarter after quarter after quarter to drive productivity. And Nando, maybe you could share a few of the action items in 2023 to continue that flywheel.
Nando Cesarone : Sure. Just if you look at the shape of the volume, especially in the fourth quarter and quarters before that, we've shown tremendous agility making sure we're matching the hours and the activity in our operations to the actual volume and the revenue. That will continue. And quite frankly, our people are masters of efficiency. So as we rollout the second iteration of our total service plan, which kicks off on March 3, we're learning a lot about our network. And there's cost to be had in not just on-road activity or inside our facilities, but across the entire network. And we're laser-focused on those initiatives.  And whatever volume and how it comes into us in different shapes and sizes, we'll make sure that we're prepared to handle it effectively. And hopefully, we're building up a little bit of a track record to show that, that's exactly what we have been doing. So I appreciate it.
Ken Cook: Excellent. I want to thank everybody for joining the call this morning. We look forward to talking to you next quarter, and that concludes our call.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Ken Cook, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Ken Cook: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS third quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO; and a few additional members of our executive leadership team. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we will make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2021 Form 10-K, subsequently filed Form 10-Qs and other reports we file with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion refers to adjusted results. For the third quarter of 2022, GAAP results include after-tax transformation and other charges of $27 million or $0.03 per diluted share. A reconciliation to GAAP financial results is available on the UPS Investor Relations website along with the webcast of todays call. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions] And now, I will turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome: Thank you, Ken, and good morning. Id like to begin by thanking all UPSers for their hard work and dedication to service. I am proud of the unstoppable spirit of UPSers everywhere and how they leverage the agility of our global integrated network to deliver outstanding service for our customers and strong results for our shareowners. In the third quarter, the global economy softened, especially outside the United States. International and freight forwarding volumes were challenged, but we quickly responded. We adjusted our network to match volume levels and continue to win in the most attractive parts of the market. For the third quarter, consolidated revenue rose 4.2% from last year to $24.2 billion and operating profit grew 6% to $3.1 billion. Consolidated operating margin expanded to 13%, a 20 basis point improvement from last year. This was our highest third quarter consolidated operating margin in 15 years. Turning to our strategic update. The execution of our customer first, people-led, innovation-driven strategy has fundamentally improved to nearly every aspect of our business, causing better revenue quality, higher operating margins and improved bottom line results. Building on the strong foundation created by our better not bigger approach, we are moving to the next phase of our strategic framework, better and bolder. What do we mean by better and bolder? First, the better part of our framework is not changing. We will continue to focus on growing value share, improving the customer experience and driving higher productivity from the assets we own. Bolder is about moving faster to grow in our targeted market segment. Its also about combining digital solutions with our global integrated network to create more value for our customers and new revenue opportunities for UPS. We plan to combine the capabilities of our strong standalone digital services, including Roadie, Coyote, delivery solutions, UPS Capital and our partnership with CommerceHub, to create a powerful offering of logistics as a service. And when we combine logistics as a service with our integrated physical network, we believe we will be unstoppable. We will share more detail about better and bolder in the coming quarters, but let me give you two examples of what we are doing. On our second quarter earnings call, I introduced our upstream delivery density solution. Here we are building a digital platform that goes upstream to look at orders, in other words, packages at the shopping card level. We then match this new order with other orders that have the same delivery day commitment, which creates delivery density. We have gone live with one customer and we are delighted with the results we have seen. In fact, we are currently onboarding several new customers to the platform. Another example of better and bolder is our pending acquisition of Bomi Group, whose network of healthcare facilities in Europe and Latin America and expertise in cold chain will help accelerate growth in complex healthcare. Along with our recent expansion of UPS Premier in Europe, we are on track to generate at least $10 billion in healthcare revenue in 2023. Now, lets look at the three legs of our strategy, starting with customer first. Customer first is about creating a frictionless customer experience targeted at the parts of the market where we want to grow, including SMBs, healthcare, international and certain large enterprise accounts. Given global economic softening, we are convinced that a relentless focus on customer first matters now more than ever before and we believe our strategy is working, because we have continued to gain share. For example, we are leveraging our time in transit and visibility advantages in Europe to win. In fact, we grew Europe export volume in the third quarter. Another example is the growth we are seeing in our digital access program, or DAP. In the third quarter, we grew U.S. SMB average daily volume, including platforms, by 1.9% and SMBs made up 28.3% of our total U.S. volume in the quarter, an increase of 90 basis points from last year. DAP continues to add partners and revenue with more than 3 million merchants shipping with DAP in the first 9 months of this year, we generated over $1.6 billion in DAP revenue and we expect to exceed our $2 billion DAP revenue target in 2022. Moving to the people-led part of our strategy, our people are our most valuable assets. And its important to us that every UPSer views our company as a great place to work. We know that when we take care of our people, they will take care of our customers. Recently, UPS reached contract extension agreements with the Independent Pilots Association and our aircraft maintenance technicians. Both contracts continued to reward these UPSers with industry-leading pay and benefits and will help ensure the companys future success. And we are making other changes to improve our employee experience and satisfaction. For example, through what we call our operator experience program, we recently worked with our U.S. drivers to create individual lives dispatch plans, giving them more choice over the hours they work. We also automated tasks and reorganized our operations team to improve work life balance for our operating supervisors. And for our management employees globally, we are evaluating our overall pay mix composition. While total compensation compares favorably with the market, we may have some opportunities to rework the pay mix to make our compensation even more attractive. Now to the last leg of our strategy, innovation-driven. This is about driving more productivity from the assets we own. Our integrated network is the best in the industry, but we are leveraging data and technology to make it even smarter, more automated and more efficient. In the third quarter, our productivity improvements continued to deliver benefits. In the U.S., we optimize trailer loads by eliminating nearly 1,000 loads per day compared to the third quarter of last year and we successfully managed ours in line with volume level. We also launched total service plan, which is about running a predictable on-time network. Execution is going as planned. And as of last week, our on-time computer departures and arrivals improved 6.5% compared to last year, reducing idle time in the network. Additionally, this month, we completed the initial rollout of our smart package smart facility, which enables RFID label technology in 101 buildings in our network. Further, we opened our eighth regional hub in the United States. Located in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, this 800,000 square foot automated hub provides significant processing horsepower to better serve the Northeast corridor. It helps enable greater network flexibility across the U.S. This hub is also home to UPS largest natural gas fueling station within our network. This fueling station will remove 8 million gallons of diesel fuel per year. Thats equivalent to removing more than 17,000 gasoline-powered passenger cars from the road. Turning to peak. For the last four holiday seasons, UPS has been the industry leader in on-time delivery performance and we intend for that to continue. This outperformance doesnt happen by accident. We built our integrated network to flex with volume and our investments in our people, automation and technology enable greater agility. To prepare for peak, we made enhancements to all of the areas of our business that delivered a great peak last year. Let me share a few details about our peak plans for this year, starting with volume. This year, we anticipate our volumes will peak later in December compared to last year as we expect consumers will return to more pre-pandemic shopping behaviors. While we will continue to use technology to match daily capacity with customer demand, we are also optimizing air and ground volume to make room for new customers where we can add the most value. While we will have a peak, as Brian will detail, overall volume in the fourth quarter is expected to decline from last year due to contractual agreements. In terms of labor, we will bring on more than 100,000 seasonal hires this year related to hiring. We are ahead of where we were this time last year. One reason is because we have made the digital hiring process even faster and easier this year. We have also improved training for our new driver helpers, which shortens the amount of time from hire to dispatched. Newly hired driver helpers can complete training on their phones and begin work on Day 1. Bottom line, we are ready to deliver another successful peak. Let me end by reaffirming our 2022 targets of consolidated revenue of around $102 billion, consolidated operating margin of about 13.7% and return on invested capital greater than 30%. In the face of a very dynamic macro environment, we are demonstrating more agility than ever before. We are focused on controlling what we can control. And under our better and bolder framework, we are combining digital capabilities with our global integrated network to continue winning in the most attractive parts of the market, driving operational excellence and delivering best-in-class service for our customers. So thank you for listening. And now, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol and good morning. In my comments, Ill cover four areas, starting with the macro environment, then our third quarter results. Next, I will cover cash and shareowner returns. And lastly, I will wrap up with some comments on our outlook for the rest of the year. In the third quarter, the macro environment remained dynamic. In the U.S., we continue to see cross currents driven by the strong job market and healthy consumer spending despite higher inflation and interest rates. Internationally, the macro environment weakened more than we expected due to high inflation, volatile energy prices, lockdowns in Asia, and the war in Eastern Europe. We responded quickly to the changing market conditions by leveraging the agility of our global integrated network to provide excellent service to our customers and deliver our bottom line commitments to shareowners. In the third quarter, consolidated revenue increased 4.2% to $24.2 billion. Consolidated operating profit totaled $3.1 billion, 6% higher than last year. Consolidated operating margin expanded to 13% which was 20 basis points above last year. For the third quarter diluted earnings per share was $2.99, up 10.3% from the same period last year. Now, lets look at our business segments. In U.S. domestic, our revenue quality efforts and the execution of our planned cost initiatives drove third quarter results above our expectations. In the third quarter, average daily volume was down 1.5% versus the same time period last year, but the growth rate was an improvement over the first half of 2022 as new volume from the record number of wins we had in the second quarter came into the network. In the third quarter, the gap between year-over-year B2C and B2B average daily volume growth rates narrowed as we lapped more normalized consumer shopping behaviors. B2C average daily volume declined 2.2% driven by contractual agreements we reached with certain enterprise customers. B2B average daily volume was down 0.5% year-over-year due to declines in manufacturing volumes, which was partially offset by growth in retail B2B driven by returns volume. In the third quarter, B2B represented 42.8% of our volume, which was up slightly from the 42.4% in the same period last year. Looking at customer mix, the execution of our strategy is continuing to drive improvement. In the third quarter, we grew SMB average daily volume, including platforms, 1.9% and SMBs made up 28.3% of our total U.S. domestic volume in the quarter, an increase of 90 basis points from 1 year ago. For the quarter, U.S. domestic generated revenue of $15.4 billion up 8.2%. Revenue per piece increased 9.8%, more than offsetting the decline in volume. Our revenue quality efforts continue to deliver results. In the third quarter, about one-third of the revenue per piece growth rate increase came from continued strength in base pricing. Another third of the revenue per piece growth rate increase came from changes in fuel price per gallon and the final third came from the combination of mix and our fuel pricing actions. Turning to costs, total expense grew 7%. Wages and benefits contributed about 310 basis points of the increase driven by the annual increase for our teams to employees that went into effect in August. Fuel drove 220 basis points of the expense growth rate increase due primarily to the rise in price per gallon compared to last year and the remaining variance was driven by multiple factors, including maintenance and depreciation. Cost in U.S. domestic came in as we expected due to our planned productivity initiatives, which drove our cost per piece growth rate to be lower in the third quarter than it was in the second quarter and partially offsetting wage and benefit increases. We are continuing to see the benefits of our cube utilization and other productivity efforts, including total service plan, which launched on July 11. I will share more about our productivity initiatives in a moment. To sum it up, revenue growth was above expense growth, which created positive operating leverage for the seventh consecutive quarter. The U.S. Domestic segment delivered $1.7 billion in operating profit, an increase of $272 million or 19.2% compared to the third quarter of 2021. And operating margin expanded 100 basis points to 11%. Moving to our International segment. The global macro environment continued to soften, but we remained agile and flexed our network in response to changing market conditions and delivering excellent service to our customers. At the beginning of the quarter, we expected the international average daily volume growth rate to improve compared to the first half of 2022, and it did. However, it did not improve as much as we anticipated due to continued macro softening. In the third quarter, international average daily volume was down 5.2%. Total export average daily volume declined 0.6% on a year-over-year basis. China export volume declined due to lockdown and disruptions to manufacturing output. In response, we quickly adjusted the network and canceled 75 China and Hong Kong origin flights and rerouted 27 flights to other gateways in support of our customers. These changes enabled us to move volume for our customers where it was available, maintain high levels of service and achieve a payload utilization of over 98% on our Asia outbound intercontinental flights in the third quarter. Looking at Europe. We continue to win on our speed and service advantages at strong revenue quality despite softer market conditions. We grew transborder average daily volume 2.6%, and total Europe export average daily volume grew 0.6% in the third quarter. In the third quarter, international revenue increased 1.7% and to $4.8 billion, which included a negative currency impact of $335 million and a fuel benefit of $363 million. Revenue per piece increased 6.4%, which included the fuel and currency impacts I just covered and a 510 basis point increase from the combination of product mix and revenue quality actions we took. Operating profit in the International segment was $1 billion, which included an $82 million negative impact from currency. There was no year-over-year impact from fuel on international operating profit. Operating margin in the third quarter was 20.9%, which was down from the same period last year due to the delevering of our fixed costs and the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. Now looking at Supply Chain Solutions. Our teams continue to navigate a dynamic macro environment in the third quarter and did an excellent job serving our customers and managing costs to deliver year-over-year operating margin expansion. In the third quarter, revenue was $4 billion down $268 million year-over-year, which included a $92 million negative impact from currency. Looking at the key drivers. In freight forwarding, declines in volume and market rates reduced revenue and operating profit. However, the team was able to effectively manage buy/sell spreads and continued supporting our customers. Within Forwarding, our truckload brokerage unit delivered strong operating profit growth driven by revenue quality initiatives. And Logistics delivered strong top and bottom-line growth driven by our complex healthcare business from cold chain, clinical trials and medical device customers. In the third quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated operating profit of $459 million and delivered a record third quarter operating margin of 11.5%, an increase of 100 basis points over last year. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $177 million of interest expense. Our other pension income was $297 million, and our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 21%, which was better than we expected due primarily to discrete items. Lets turn to cash and shareholder returns. Year-to-date, weve generated $10.8 billion in cash from operations and free cash flow was $8.5 billion. And so far this year, UPS has paid $3.8 billion in dividends and completed $2.2 billion in share buybacks. Now Ill make a few comments regarding our outlook. According to IHS, full year global GDP is expected to grow 2.8% and U.S. GDP is expected to grow 1.7%. Both are lower than their forecast at the beginning of the year. We are continuing to pay close attention to macro elements, including lockdowns in Asia, inflationary pressures, the health of the consumer and the geopolitical environment. Needless to say, the macroeconomic environment is much different now versus our expectations when we started the year. But by controlling what we can control, quickly adjusting the network to match changes in volume levels and delivering excellent service to our customers, we are still on track to deliver our full year financial targets. We expect consolidated revenues to be around $102 billion. Consolidated operating margin is expected to be about 13.7% and return on invested capital is anticipated to be above 30%. Now let me give a little color on the fourth quarter. Starting with U.S. domestic, we anticipate fourth quarter 2022 revenue growth of around 4.5% driven by strong revenue quality, and we expect fourth quarter operating margin to expand year-over-year to around 12.4%. Looking at peak in the U.S., we expect peak volume to come in heavier later in the peak period, and we have one additional delivery day compared to last year, which gives us more flexibility. As you update your models for U.S. domestic, there are a few things to keep in mind. We anticipate the average daily volume growth rate will be lower in the fourth quarter of 2022 than in the third quarter due to contractual agreements we have reached with certain enterprise customers. Second, we expect increases in wage and benefit rates will be higher than the same time period last year due to the annual increase our teams or employees received in August. And third, we are continuing to execute our productivity initiatives to help offset wage and benefit rate increases. Our biggest productivity initiative is total service plan, which is performing as planned. Since the launch on July 11, weve improved our driver dispatch timeliness by 13%. This is about getting our drivers out of the building on time, which creates a more predictable environment for our employees and better service for our customers. Also, in regard to productivity in the third quarter, we brought on additional automation in the network prior to peak, including automated tagging, robotic small store induction and autonomous  vehicles. As a result of all these efforts, we expect the U.S. domestic fourth quarter 2022 cost per piece growth rate to be lower than it was in the third quarter of 2022. Moving to international. We expect revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022 to be relatively flat to the fourth quarter of last year. We anticipate our share growth and revenue quality initiatives will offset the weaker macroeconomic environment and negative currency impacts, and we expect international operating margin to increase sequentially in the fourth quarter of 2022 to around 21.5% as we continue to respond to market changes with agility. In Supply Chain Solutions, we expect revenue in the fourth quarter to be above $4 billion as we partially offset declines in the air and ocean freight forwarding revenue with continued growth in logistics and our healthcare business. Operating margin for Supply Chain Solutions in the fourth quarter of 2022 is expected to be around 11.4% as we continue to effectively manage the buy/sell spreads in a dynamic environment. Turning to capital allocation for the full year. In 2022, we expect free cash flow to be above $9 billion, including pension contributions to fund annual service costs. Capital expenditures are now expected to be about $5 billion, which is $500 million less than our original plan. The largest driver of the variance is the result of our decision to lease certain facilities instead of purchasing them. This approach enables us to maintain higher levels of agility and further improve our overall capital structure. We plan to pay out around $5.2 billion in dividends, subject to Board approval. We have repaid $2 billion in debt this year as planned, including $1 billion in October. We expect to complete at least $3 billion in share repurchases for the year. And lastly, we expect the tax rate for the full year to be around 22%. Before I wrap up, last week, we announced our U.S. general rate increase. The 2023 increase will be 6.9%, reflecting the value of the services we offer and cost inflation in the market. The details have been posted to ups.com. Executing our strategy under better not bigger has led to a greater agility across our business and stronger financial performance. Our move to better and bolder enables future growth in revenue and margin. By combining the strength of our physical network with new digital capabilities, we will continue providing excellent service to our customers, win in the most attractive parts of the market, increase the efficiency of our operations and create value for our shareowners. Thank you. And operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Good morning. Just want to talk to the total service plan and some of the automation you put through. Brian, I think you had talked to $300 million of productivity. It sounds like youre on your path there. Do we start to see that accelerate into Q4? Are these trending better than maybe you would have thought originally? Just any color there. Thanks.
Brian Newman: Hey, Allison. Good morning. So we had talked about driving productivity of about $300 million in the back half of the year. No more than half of that is going to come in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter, and TSP is one of the largest drivers of that. Were actually on track, and were seeing the system running more on time. I called out in my prepared remarks 13% increase in terms of the efficiency and the drivers. So the idle time is decreasing, and were very pleased with the performance.
Carol Tome: Maybe just a little more color there. Our overtime hours were down 1 million hours in the quarter. Our bench has dropped from 29% to 20% and we reduced fluctuations in driver pay days by 39%. So the plan is working, and we just got started with it on July 3.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, operator. Hi, everyone. Congrats on the results. I just  I guess I had a quick two-parter. Carol, can you talk about market share trends? UPS has obviously been investing in time in transit. I think you said when we met after Labor Day that UPS is maybe at parity or better on 17 of the top 25 lanes in the U.S. So obviously, there is some room for improvement there. But can you just talk about what youre seeing on market share trends, both driven by what youre investing in times in transit and, obviously, some of the challenges in your direct competitor? And then Brian, there is obviously a lot of uncertainty beyond our borders. You have a massive  your road business over-the-road business, ground business in Europe. The international profits have held in there remarkably well. There is obviously some cracks and concerns on that market. Can you just talk about your confidence in being able to kind of maintain this level of earnings cadence in the international business, given all the uncertainty out there? Thank you very much.
Carol Tome: Well, starting with the question on market share, a big turning point for our company is when we invested in fastest ground ever, improving our time in transit. And yes, we are advantaged or at parity in 17 of the top 25 markets. We offer 7-day residential service, Saturday pickup for our business customers. So this has made a significant difference in our business. And if you look at it through the lens of market share, just looking at SMB in the United States, we see that  we have seen that weve grown both revenue and ADB market share ahead of our competitors. And when we look at it through the lens of enterprise, weve grown revenue share. So we are delighted with the share gains that weve seen in United States, but the share gains continued outside of the United States as well. Super pleased of the time in transit advantage that we have in Europe and what thats meant for share gains in Europe despite the very uncertain market.
Brian Newman: Yes, Amit. In terms of the international side, it is a challenging macro environment out there. But we expect total volume levels in Q4 will actually be higher than Q3, improving utilization from an ADV perspective. Growth rates, we expect to improve. Were looking to win share in Europe, execute on the initiatives to grow the U.S. export lane, which going into the peak season is helpful. So there are lots of cost initiatives that Kate and the team are executing real time. I think you saw that in sort of the flexibility with taking down flights in Asia and rerouting to where the customer needs were. So we feel great about the agility of the international business.
Amit Mehrotra: Yes. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Yes, thanks. Good morning. And I want to look a little ahead to 2023 and maybe think a little bit more on the cost side. Obviously, the macro is challenging. As you noted, there is cross currency in the U.S. But it seems like were in a decelerating demand trend. So I wanted to get a sense of sort of the big picture initiatives you guys are working on from a cost perspective in 2023. And I think Ive asked you this before, but as you think out to 23, assuming we are in a more cautious sort of potentially negative volume environment, are we still confident that we have the ability to sort of grow the domestic margins as well as domestic profit next year?
Carol Tome: Well, maybe Ill start with just a philosophical approach to building a plan for 23. And then we can have both Brian and Nando talk about some of our cost initiatives. Kate can join in too. So first, this is a very interesting time to be building a financial plan because there is so much uncertainty, there is economic uncertainty, there is still political uncertainty. We do have a contract thats coming up for renewal next year as well. So there is a lot of uncertainty. But here is our philosophical approach to building the plan. One, were going to stay on strategy because we believe that we should invest through whatever comes our way so that we can continue to improve the customer experience as well as the employee experience. So were going to stay on strategy. Were going to build more agility into our plan than weve seen before. And I would say were pretty agile today. Well, were going to  we have to be able to turn on a dime, and so were going to build agility into the plan. Were going to build a plan of conservatism because if youre too optimistic, then your expenses are too high and then there is a whole bunch of wood you have to chop to get those expenses out. So we will plan conservatively and we will factor into the plan some of the challenges that will come our way as a result of higher interest rates and what that may mean for our pension. But I am super excited about what Im seeing in terms of momentum on the productivity initiatives inside of the business. And if I could just talk about one, and then Ill turn over to Brian and the team to talk, about a year ago, we talked to you about smart package, smart facility and how we were going to introduce RFID labeling onto our packages. We said wed get it done this year in about 100 of our buildings. We did. Its live now in 101 of our buildings. Let me share with you some of the results that were seeing because this is pretty cool. On average, one out of every 400 packages is misloaded onto a package car. That means that it cannot be delivered because its misloaded. It has to come back into the center, go through the sorting process again and get reloaded the next day for delivery. Talk about productivity bleed-out. That is not how we operate a business. With RFID labels, we now see that the misloads are 1 in 800 moving to 1 in 1,000 which is Six Sigma levels. So as I think about how we are going to invest through, we are definitely going to invest in accelerating smart package, smart facility because of the benefits that we are seeing inside of our business. And its not just the misload though a lot of it is pretty cool, imagine the elimination of all those some annual scans by our pre-loaders everyday. Its pretty doggone exciting. So what are the productivity initiatives that we are working on?
Brian Newman: So, Carol, thanks. And I just go back to this control what we can control and a lot will happen with the macros on the top line. But we had guided to a 13.7% on the UPS operating profit margin. Embedded underneath that was a 12% domestic margin and a 21.5% international. So Nando and the team have got a lot of initiatives from total service plan to what Carol talked about, smart package, smart facility, pushing out automation. Nando, do you want to offer a little bit of color?
Nando Cesarone: Yes, sure. So Ill just quickly discuss the oil service plan. And while we kicked that off mid-July, we are building muscle, and its also allowing us to look at other activities that occur within the network that arent perfectly aligned with that  the total service plan. And so as we start to refine those areas, such as our administrative and clerical areas for packages that are undeliverable and other activities that were closely linked to things like cube utilization where quality becomes much easier to first visualize and then improve the cost structure as a result. And then I think one of the bigger unlocks for us is to really manage our demand through day of week and we start to flatten the demand curve for the week. We see some really impressive cost results there as we start to achieve some of those moves.
Carol Tome: So we will give you our thoughts on 23 when we release our fourth quarter earnings call because were still in the middle of building the plan, but weve got a lot of initiatives underway. It doesnt stop just in the United States, but there is some interesting initiatives underway outside of the United States, too, Kate?
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. For international, as you can imagine of it, we are all about matching the network through demand. And in some markets, thats very good because of the record competitive wins were having, as you heard Brian talk about, shifting 27 of our flights to Europe for that export growth at the same time, in the moment, pulling on the throttle when we saw the lockdowns for energy in China and pulling down the 75 flights that didnt match with demand. But on top of that, we run a significant ground network in Europe, for instance, and its all about utilization on the ground in the trailers to cut back on trailers, and we have cut hundreds of trailers by driving the highest production rates within that cube so that you get more. You sweat the asset of the feeder network and, therefore, reduce cost of rentals as well as drivers and trailers, all the while maintaining best-in-class on-time service performance at 98%. And its resonating with customers. I mentioned the growth. We are seeing, again, that competitive win that we expect to play out in the upcoming quarters as well.
Chris Wetherbee: Thank you very much. Appreciate the comments. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good morning and congratulations on the strong results. I wanted to see if you could offer some thoughts about sensitivity to lower international air freight rates. I think your comment on 3Q, it sounds like currency was a bigger effect. I dont think you mentioned the impact of lower rates. But how should we think about that impact on international margin if international airfreight rates keep falling? Does that flow through to your international export, or do you have some resiliency relative to that? And then also if you kind of look back at I think at your analyst meeting and you had talked about, I dont know if it was 21% or 21.5%, but some type of a margin level where you say after the belly space capacity comes back, this is what we get to. So, a couple of questions for you on international margin. Thank you.
Brian Newman: So, Tom, from a service perspective, Kate and the team are doing an outstanding job in terms of managing the international rates. The air freight decline over the rates that you mentioned, those will bleed through a bit, but the reality is the margin in the third quarter, it was really all about 80%-plus was due to currency and then some of it on the U.S. export land, which we dont control as much. So, thats where we de-levered. We expect that volume to go up in the fourth quarter. So, we will be able to pass some of the leverage through. So, I think we have a line of sight to manage that.
Carol Tome: Our international margin will increase sequentially Q3 to Q4. And part of that is because of the great work that Kate and team are doing to move off of charter on to brown tills [ph]. Brown tills are just a better economic equation for us, and we are utilizing the aircraft that we own, which will certainly help that margin pressure. In terms of what a good operating margin is for international, well, I dont know. We love what we have got. We want to continue to grow it. So, Kate has declared that we are going to be number one in the premium international logistics market. So, that means higher margins.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks Tom.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So, Carol, I just wanted to get your thoughts on durability of pricing in the industry, especially U.S. domestic. Is there a longer term trend here to reset expectations around service levels as you kind of alluded to, coming from the historical thought process that shipping is supposed to be free? And maybe you can offer some comments around price elasticity in some of your target markets and if you see any demand destruction yet. And then, Brian, just a quick one, early on to give too much on 2023, but its hard to ignore the move on interest rates. So, maybe you can just  back on pensions, both above the line when it comes to U.S. domestic margins and perhaps overall sensitivity for the whole company. Thank you.
Carol Tome: So, in terms of pricing durability, value is defined by what a customer is willing to pay, and the customer is willing to pay for the service that we provide. So, the new business that we have won and we have been winning new business has come in at very, very solid revenue quality. Now, as I look back over the past several years, from 2019 to now, we have grown our RPP in the United States by 23%. And we did that through a number different ways by renegotiating on longer term contracts, by leaning into the parts of the market that really value our end-to-end network through some demand surcharges, a little bit of help from fuel. Its been a real success story. We have also driven productivity during that timeframe, but the margin expansion has been really driven by the RPP growth. Looking ahead, we will continue to have RPP growth. You heard Brian talk about the GRI that we just announced. But there will be more of a balance between RPP and productivity to enable our margin expansion going forward. We think thats just the right thing to do. In fact, as we continue to drive productivity inside of our business, we are willing to give some of that back to our customers through a revenue share, is why not. If we can increase delivery density and we are seeing some good proof in our both our pilots and now our live case, we will give some of that back because we should. I think about a third, a third, a third, a third for the customer, a third for the shareholder and a third for UPS. So, we have not seen any demand destruction at this point because value is defined by what the customer is willing to pay for and service matters.
Brian Newman: I will pick up the second part of the question in terms of the pension, and Carol alluded to it in early answer this morning that rates are moving. And pension in 23, its going to be determined by discount rates and asset performance actually on December 31st. So, its too early to get into specifics, but I think the gist of your question is, if the year ended today, I would expect higher discount rates would actually reduce service costs and increase our profit in the domestic business above the line. But thats unfortunately going to be probably more than offset by higher interest expense and lower pension income below the line. So, I think net-net, in the P&L, it will be a net headwind, some favorability above the line, offset by some headwinds below the line.
Brian Ossenbeck: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Ravi Shankar of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shankar: Thanks. Good morning everyone. A couple of questions on peak. I think you mentioned the kind of 4Q volume decline is due to some contractual agreements with enterprise customers. I think you said that in 3Q as well. Can you detail that a little bit more and maybe kind of what the kind of Amazon run rate looks like by the time you exit the year? And also just broadly on peak, where are you  why is your peak season hiring flat when volumes are lower and your  and then do you have more automation than last year? We have seen some other kind of peak season hiring kind of be materially lower. So, kind of maybe some rationale at the end, that would be great.
Carol Tome: So, first on peak volume, if you go over last year, is the easy way to think about it, between Q3 and Q4, the volume grew 25%. And then obviously, during the peak time, which is Thanksgiving through Christmas, its even higher than that. As we look to this year, we expect to see the similar surge Q3 to Q4 but maybe more in the 24% area. Why, because we have, as we shared with you, reached agreement with our largest customer about the volume that we will take into our network and the volume that they will deliver. So, its just a function of that contractual arrangement. And what that does for us, actually, it gives us room to invite additional customers into our network and give them the rate service during peak, which we are doing. In terms of the hiring question, Ravi, there is turnover in the numbers because we dont keep everybody that we hire. Its also just a nice round number. So, I wouldnt read anything into that other than its just a nice round number. What I am super pleased about is how we have changed some of our processes to make it easier to hire people into UPS for peak. For example, we have a QR code. If you open up the QR code on your phone, you can apply for a job and get a job offer in less than 30 minutes. Thats way cool. We have shortened the time it takes to onboard a driver into our company. Last year, it was eight weeks. This year, its 11 days. Thats way cool. We have really put the pedal to the metal on our social messaging, if you will, our social campaign. So, by amplifying our social messages, we saw that we had 1.4 million impressions in the month of September. Thats up 60% year-on-year. We had a very successful October job fest, and Brown Friday is coming up on November 4th. We are really excited about Brown Friday. Last year, we had 85,000 applications on Brown Friday. So, we are expecting a similar amount this year. So, we are ahead of where we were a year ago on the hiring front, feeling very good because we have got to get a lot of people in to manage the surge. Brian, do you want to add something?
Brian Newman: I would just add, Carol, Ravi, we are sort of executing the play. We had called  we had guided what does it mean at the bottom line, 11.6 full year, and that was an 11.6 1H and 11.6 2H were actually delivered the first half of the year. Obviously, a lot of changes in dynamics in the market, but we are on track to deliver an 11.7 in the back half of the year. So, net-net, Ravi, I think we are delivering what we said we would do, slightly different playbook in terms of volume price cost. But at the end of the day, executing on those contracts, it was part of the original plan.
Ravi Shankar: Great. Thanks both.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi. Just sort of curious on peak, I know you mentioned higher ships or maybe back towards December. Sort of what gives you confidence in that? And does that sort of imply that maybe things have started a little slower, but you are hearing from your customers that its going to do that shift back to sort of traditional patterns, pre-COVID patterns? Thanks.
Carol Tome: Remember last year, when there were all these supply chain dams and inventory was at very low levels, everyone was saying shop early, shop early, shop early. So, we just believe that the inventory levels are in much better shape than they were a year ago. So, we are going to return to a more normalized shopping pattern for peak. And if we can just talk about the tone of business, current business, here it is. Its almost Halloween, October was good.
Brian Newman: Yes. We have got an extra delivery day, Jordan, in December, so feeling good. We expect the peak to be a little bit later, and we are ready for it.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Todd Fowler of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler: Great. Thanks and good morning. So, Carol, in your prepared remarks, you talked about Logistics-as-a-Service. And I was just curious if you could expand a little bit on that and kind of how you see that holding and if there is any external benchmarks that we should be looking at to kind of mark the progress on that. Thanks.
Carol Tome: So, we are building Logistics-as-a-Service, and its very early days, but it includes components of what we have talked to you about in the past. One of the pillars of Logistics-as-a-Service is improving delivery density. And as you know, we have been partnering with CommerceHub to go upstream in the cart to improve delivery density with our live use case. Its doing very well. So, we are adding additional customers on to that platform. The second pillar of Logistics-as-a-Service is improving visibility end-to-end and we have talked to you about this in the past, I think we called it project with all other project symphony. But it really is proving visibility from the manufacturer all the way to the end of distribution clients. That part of Logistics-as-a-Service, the third pillar is proving financial solutions. We do that today through UPS Capital, where we had a very robust insurance product. We are looking at adding some additional financial products to that filler. We then move to I will say, advanced capabilities, which is including technology to help you, understand how to optimize your supply chain, warehousing fulfillment for shipping. And then lastly, while we have a very good returns business, we think we could have a robust reverse logistics business, and all of this will be powered by technology. So, the way to measure this in the future will be in a number of different ways. But basically, this is going to create new revenue streams for us. So, as we build this out, we will put these new revenue streams into our plans, and then we will share those with you. And then you can hold us accountable to those plans.
Todd Fowler: Sounds good. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey. Good morning guys. Two quick ones for me. Brian, you mentioned you quantified the productivity tailwind sort of accelerating into the fourth quarter. Should we be expecting that same sort of order of magnitude productivity on the domestic side as we go through the next couple of quarters here as you annualize the impact of the total service plan and the RFID tracking and that kind of stuff? Just wondering whether how much of that is sensitive to overall volume levels, or should we expect that same sort of dollar value or productivity in the first half of next year? And then with respect to the union agreements you guys have reached with the pilots and the mechanics, can you talk a little bit about kind of the level of adjustments that were made there and whether there is any read across to the broader negotiation for next year?
Brian Newman: Happy to take the cost question. So look, the momentum with Nando and the team, they are really just getting started. We saw CPP growth about double digit in the first half. That will be high-single digit in the second half of the year. We would probably expect to see that trajectory continue to next year. I dont want to get ahead of my skis though. So, we will come out at the end of the fourth quarter and give you some guidance for RPP and CPP for next year.
Carol Tome: We were pleased with the contract extensions that we had both with our pilots as well as our aviation mechanics. The terms of those contract extensions were in line with the longer term financial plans that we had already built. So, we felt very good about that. But more importantly, with the percentage of the UPSers who voted in favor of the contract extension, I was delighted with that. It exceeded our expectations and it speaks volumes to the relationships that we have with our employees and the fact that these are really great jobs. So, the only read-through to the upcoming Teamster contract negotiation would be the  we have got a great relationship with our employees, and these are great jobs.
David Vernon: Thanks for the time.
Brian Newman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bruce Chan of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Hi. Good morning everyone and thanks operator. Just want to touch on equipment and capacity quickly. Brian, you mentioned higher maintenance costs. Is that just a function of inflation, or is that fleet age, too? And if its fleet age, when do you think that starts to normalize? And then maybe just to follow-up quickly on the aircraft fleet side. You had some other providers out there that are looking to reduce capacity? Any plans for you to do the same as we look at risk in 23? Thank you.
Brian Newman: So, from a maintenance perspective, we have actually gone to a very systematic, programmatic approach and gone out with multiyear. On the airline, for example, we now have a 10-year maintenance program to manage the fleet age of the equipment. It is going up in terms of age and therefore we factor that in on more of a normalized run rate over the next decade.
Bruce Chan: Okay. And then just as far as capacity on the fleet side, any plans to reduce, or you are going to keep things fairly static?
Brian Newman: So, right now, we announced some recent acquisitions with Boeing. And so we have the next several years outlined. We will remain fluid on that as we track volumes and shift the aircraft around.
Carol Tome: I guess part of the advantage of having an aging fleet is that we can retire if need be.
Brian Newman: Thats right.
Carol Tome: But the best news is actually replacing the aircraft with better energy-efficient aircraft and more  and actually take our cost down.
Brian Newman: As we set down, some of the MD11s from a sustainability standpoint, thats a positive thing from an operating  productivity standpoint, thats also a positive thing. So, thats part of the overall strategy that we have run over the next 10 years.
Ken Cook: And Steven, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Stephanie Moore of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to touch on the upstream delivery density pilot, Carol, that you mentioned. Maybe if you could share any KPIs from that pilot, what you saw that gave you confidence to expand it with other customers and kind of what we should be looking for in terms of the eventual rollout of that platform? Thank you.
Carol Tome: Yes. So, its still early days, Stephanie, but we are pleased with what we are seeing. We were in pilot, then we went live with one of our customers, and we started to see good matches. But to get that one-tenth improvement and delivery density, you really need a 5% match. And we werent seeing 5%. So, what we just did is we increased the whole time. We had been holding the orders in the car for an hour. We increased the whole time six hours. And now we are starting to see a creep up to that 5% match. Thats cool because a 5% match, then if you translate it out, to our opportunity set, thats a one-tenth improvement in delivery density, which is a $300 million value unlock. So, early, early days, but really like what we are seeing.
End of Q&A:
Ken Cook: Excellent. Alright. Well, thanks everybody for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you all next quarter. And that concludes our call.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Ken Cook, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Ken Cook: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; and Brian Newman, our CFO.  Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2021 Form 10-K, our first quarter 2022 Form 10-Q and other reports we file with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. Unless stated otherwise, our discussion refers to adjusted results.  For the second quarter of 2022, GAAP results include after-tax transformation and other charges of $31 million or $0.04 per diluted share. A reconciliation to GAAP financial results is available on the UPS Investor Relations website along with the webcast of today's call.  Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions]. And now I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome: Thank you, Ken, and good morning. Let me begin by recognizing our more than 500,000 UPSers around the world for their dedication, hard work and efforts. Our founder, Jim Casey, said, "We do what we promise." And in the second quarter, our UPSers did just that. They not only met, they exceeded our promises to our customers, our shareowners and each other.  In the second quarter, the macro environment remained dynamic. We expected volume levels to decline from last year. They did, but more than we planned, given a number of factors that Brian will detail. Despite the decline in volume, we continue to win in the most attractive parts of the market with strong gains and revenue quality. Under our better, not bigger strategy, our actions are creating a more resilient UPS. We are delivering better service for our customers and stronger financial results for our shareowners.  For the second quarter, consolidated revenue rose 5.7% from last year to $24.8 billion and operating profit grew 9.3% to $3.6 billion. Consolidated operating margin expanded to 14.4%, a 40 basis point improvement from last year, and it was our highest quarterly consolidated operating margin in nearly 15 years. All business segments delivered operating profit growth. And I'd like to give a shout-out to our Supply Chain Solutions businesses, which delivered operating profit of $517 million, a record high performance.  Moving to our strategic update. Our customer-first, people-led, innovation-driven strategy is powering consistent improvement across our company. Starting with customer-first, which is about creating a frictionless customer experience, we are growing in the parts of the market where we want to grow, like SMBs, health care, B2B and certain large enterprise accounts.  How are we doing that? By providing outstanding service and focusing on the capabilities that matter the most to our customers. Let me share a few new highlights with you.  Starting with our recent acquisition of Delivery Solutions. This is a carrier-agnostic digital platform that enables companies to easily optimize their deliveries across dozens of physical networks through a single connection. Carriers include routing and other same-day services, along with curbside pickup and small package shipping, further adding to UPS' array of digital commerce solutions for our customers.  Next, we are continuing to win with SMBs by making it easier for them to ship with us. Our new digital pricing platform called Deal Manager, that we discussed last quarter simplifies and accelerates the pricing process for larger SMB customers and is performing better than we expected. Our win rate is 12 percentage points higher than we anticipated, which helped drive our U.S. SMB growth rate in the second quarter. Later this year, Deal Manager will be rolled out to our international small package business, starting with Canada and Germany.  Additionally, DAP, our digital access program, is continuing to grow in the U.S. and internationally. In the first 6 months of this year, DAP generated more than $1 billion in revenue putting this well on our way to achieving our $2 billion revenue target in 2022.  And looking at SMBs, in the U.S., in the second quarter, we grew SMB average daily volume, including platforms by 3.3%, which was faster than the market. SMBs made up 29.2% of our total U.S. volume in the quarter, an increase of 200 basis points from 1 year ago.  While our international volume levels were challenged in the second quarter, due to the ongoing war in Eastern Europe and COVID-19 lockdowns in Asia, that didn't stop us from investing in our business. We recently launched a new daily flight from our Cologne air hub that connects key manufacturing cities in Asia. This flight speeds up transit times across multiple intra-Asia tradelanes and provides greater connectivity to the UPS global network, including to the U.S. and Europe.  And speaking of Europe, did you know that UPS has the fastest ground network in Europe? In fact, we are faster by at least 1 day on the ground in over 1/3 of the market, and we will continue to leverage our competitive advantage here to win on speed and service.  Our international expansion didn't stop in the air. In the second quarter, we announced a new joint venture in India, which we call MOVIN. MOVIN offers a range of extensive, express and premium service coverage across India with a strong portfolio of B2B domestic services.  Moving to health care. We've expanded UPS Premier, our advanced technology solution. UPS Premier gives complex health care shipments, a priority lane in our network with enhanced visibility and near-perfect service. So far this year, we've added 14 new countries to UPS Premier, bringing the total availability to 33 countries. And by the end of this year, we will add another 15 countries in Europe, Asia and Latin America. These efforts and more are keeping us on track to hit our $10 billion health care revenue target in 2023.  Moving to people-led. I'm delighted that Bala Subramanian has joined the company as UPS' new Chief Digital and Technology Officer. He is tasked with supercharging digital transformation across every aspect of our business and will unleash even more innovation for our customers.  We are moving from digital literacy to digital fluency. And to help us get there, we are investing in our people and have created training to equip them with new skills. The entire executive leadership team, including me, has completed this digital fluency training. And we are moving quickly to train our next 2 levels of leadership, which brings me to innovation driven.  This is about the future of UPS and driving more productivity from the assets we own. The changes we've already made have significantly increased the agility of our network and are driving productivity improvements. In the second quarter in the United States, we were able to manage hours in line with volume leads, and we optimized our trailer loads by eliminating 1,600 loads per day compared to the same time frame last year. And we will continue to deploy additional technology prior to peak.  To give you a couple of examples, we are on track with our deployment of smart package smart facility to the first 100 buildings in our network. And prior to peak this year, we will bring 2 automated facilities online, including the first 2 phases of our new 800,000 square foot regional hub in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.  Additionally, on July 11, we launched our total service plan across the U.S. network. Brian will share the details, but our total service plan approach creates a more predictable operating environment enabling us to take more cost out and make our industry-leading service even better.  We are also working on another big efficiency opportunity, and that's how to improve delivery density. We are approaching this differently by attacking density upstream and fulfillment. We recently completed 2 pilots, and we're really excited about the results. We are building a new digital platform that can scale, and we look forward to sharing more detail with you in the coming quarters.  Innovation-driven will also help us reach carbon neutrality by 2050. On Thursday of this week, we will publish our set of annual sustainability report, which includes our 20th GRI Content Index. In these reports, we share some new technologies that we are using, like the eQuad electric-assist bikes we are piloting in New York and London. These eQuads are a great zero-emission last-mile solution for super-urban environment.  Before I turn it over to Brian, let me end by reaffirming our 2022 consolidated financial targets. In 2022, we expect to generate about $102 billion in revenue, consolidated operating margin of approximately 13.7%, and we expect return on invested capital to be greater than 30%.  Lastly, we are again increasing our targeted share repurchases for 2022, taking the target up to $3 billion for the year. In the face of a very dynamic macro environment, we remain agile and on strategy. We have multiple revenue and cost levers to pull, and we remain focused on controlling what we can control.  And now I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol, and good morning. In my comments, I'll cover 4 areas. Starting with the macro environment; then our second quarter results; next, I'll cover cash and shareowner returns; and lastly, I'll wrap up with our financial outlook for the second half of 2022.  In the second quarter, there were many cross-currents that contributed to a dynamic macro environment. In the U.S., even with high inflation and increasing interest rates, the job market and consumer spending remains strong with a growing share of wallet spent on services.  Internationally, the environment continued to be negatively impacted by COVID-19 lockdowns in Asia and geopolitical issues, both of which drove complexity in the market for customers. Despite these external factors, we remained agile and delivered strong second quarter results as we expected.  In the second quarter, consolidated revenue increased 5.7% to $24.8 billion. Consolidated operating profit totaled $3.6 billion, 9.3% higher than last year. Consolidated operating margin expanded to 14.4%, which was 40 basis points above last year and was our highest consolidated operating margin in nearly 15 years. For the second quarter, diluted earnings per share was $3.29, up 7.5% from the same period last year.  Now let's look at our business segments. In U.S. Domestic, revenue quality initiatives more than offset the volume decline and drove strong second quarter results. Average daily volume in the U.S. was down 4% or 823,000 packages per day versus the second quarter of last year. More than half of the decrease was due to actions we took with a few of our largest customers, to optimize air and ground volume we bring into our network. And the majority of the volume reduction from these customers was residential. We expected to fill this gap with other enterprise volume, but macro conditions made that challenging.  In the second quarter, residential volume declined 8.2% and was partially offset by a 2.3% increase in B2B average daily volume. B2B represented 43% of our volume, which was up from 40% in the second quarter of 2021. We are continuing to win in the most attractive parts of the market due to our industry-leading service and enabling capabilities.  In the second quarter, SMB average daily volume, including platforms, grew 3.3% year-over-year. And SMBs made up 29.2% of our U.S. domestic volume, an increase of 200 basis points over last year, putting us well on our way to achieving our 2023 target of 30%. For the quarter, U.S. Domestic generated revenue of $15.5 billion, up 7.3%.  Revenue per piece increased 11.9%, with double-digit increases across all products. Changes to price per gallon for fuel drove 400 basis points of the revenue per piece growth rate increase, and the remaining 790 basis points of revenue per piece improvement came from the actions we took, which included base rates, fuel pricing and mix improvements.  Turning to costs. Total expense grew 6.9%, primarily driven by 2 factors: first, fuel drove 370 basis points of the expense growth rate increase due primarily to the rise in price per gallon compared to last year; and second, wages and benefits contributed about 200 basis points of the increase due to the rise in health, welfare and pension rates. The remaining variance was driven by multiple factors, including maintenance and depreciation.  Had we managed our second quarter cost for the short term, they could have been better. But we made the decision to manage for the longer term. So we pulled on most cost levers, but not all of them. Knowing that we would need to hire for peak soon, we did not want to make a short-term decision that would negatively impact service later in the year.  Our industry-leading service is driving revenue quality and is bringing new customers in the door. Helping to offset cost increases, we are continuing to see the benefits of our cube utilization and other productivity efforts. Our latest initiative is called Total Service Plan, which we launched earlier this month across the U.S. network. This is about running an on-time precision network every day.  Specifically, we've optimized our operating plans to minimize driver wait times and execute an on-time dispatch across our network. We are happy with the early results, including a marked improvement in on-time feeder departures, which reduces idle time across the network. Total Service Plan is a key initiative that will drive lower cost and provide greater predictability for our customers and our operators.  To wrap up U.S. Domestic, the segment delivered $1.9 billion in operating profit, an increase of $180 million or 10.7% compared to the second quarter of 2021. And operating margin expanded 40 basis points to 12%.  Moving to our International segment. A softer macro environment, the war in Eastern Europe and lockdowns in China pressured volumes, but our team stayed agile in the air and on the ground as we adjusted the network to match our volume levels.  Total average daily volume was down 9.2% in the second quarter, reflecting more-than-normal shopping behaviors in parts of the world like Canada and Germany. In the second quarter of this year, international domestic average daily volume was down 13.4%, which represented more than 3/4 of the total decrease in international volume.  Total export average daily volume declined 4.4% due to a combination of factors, including high global inflation and COVID-19 lockdowns in Asia, which disrupted manufacturing output. As we did last quarter, we adjusted the network and we're able to keep our operations moving in Asia to serve our customers.  In the second quarter, international revenue increased 5.3% to $5.1 billion. Revenue per piece increased 14.8%, including a 610 basis point decline due to currency, which was more than offset by a 1,300 basis point benefit from fuel. The remaining revenue per piece growth rate increased 790 basis points was from base pricing, product mix and revenue quality actions that we took. Operating profit grew to $1.2 billion, including a $60 million negative impact from currency. Operating margin in the second quarter was 23.7%.  Now looking at Supply Chain Solutions. Our team did a great job leaning into the dynamic macro conditions and responding to the needs of our customers. In the second quarter, revenue was $4.2 billion, up 0.7% despite the divestiture of UPS Freight, which accounted for $297 million of Supply Chain Solutions revenue in the second quarter of 2021.  Looking at the key performance drivers. In Forwarding, our Ocean Freight product had strong revenue growth due to higher rates, and both Air and Ocean Freight forwarding generated strong operating profit growth by managing the buy sell spreads.  Within Forwarding, our truckload brokerage unit delivered excellent operating profit growth driven by revenue quality initiatives and customer mix. And our Healthcare business again delivered record top and bottom line results driven by complex customers in cold chain, clinical trials and labs.  In the second quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated record operating profit of $517 million and delivered a record operating margin of 12.2%, an increase of 250 basis points from last year. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $171 million of interest expense. Other pension income was $298 million, and our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 23%.  Now let's turn to cash and shareholder returns. Year-to-date, we've generated $8.3 billion in cash from operations and free cash flow was $6.9 billion. And in the first half of 2022, UPS paid $2.6 billion in dividends and completed $1.2 billion in share buybacks, which brings us to our outlook for the second half of 2022.  According to IHS, GDP expectations for the full year have again been lowered from previous forecasts. Global GDP is now expected to grow 2.9% and U.S. GDP is expected to grow 1.4%. We are continuing to pay close attention to macro elements, including COVID-19, inflationary pressures, the health of the consumer and the geopolitical environment.  The execution of our strategy under our better, not bigger framework is enabling greater agility and resiliency against an uncertain macro environment. Despite this backdrop, we are reaffirming our consolidated financial targets for 2022, driven by our results in the first half of the year and the progress we are making on our strategic initiatives.  For the full year 2022, consolidated revenues are expected to be about $102 billion, which takes into account the divestiture of UPS Freight. Consolidated operating margin is expected to be approximately 13.7%, and return on invested capital is anticipated to be above 30%.  Looking specifically at the second half of 2022, in U.S. Domestic, we anticipate back half 2022 revenue growth of around 5.5%, driven by strong revenue quality, and we expect second half operating margin to expand to about 11.6%, which is consistent with our full year guidance.  As you update your models for U.S. Domestic, there are a few things to keep in mind. First, we anticipate volume growth rates will improve slightly in the second half of the year compared to the first half, and we expect revenue per piece to continue to increase year-over-year, but at a slower rate than in the front half of the year.  Second, we expect an increase in compensation expense in the second half of the year. Our annual wage increase for our Teamster employees goes into effect in August and is $1 per hour, which is higher than last year. Additionally, our current contract includes a cost of living adjustment that will be significantly higher this year compared to last year, and we expect to continue to pay market rate adjustments in certain geographies around the country.  And third, union benefit rates will also increase in August. Together with pension service costs, these union wage and benefit rate increases will add nearly $600 million to our costs in the second half of 2022 compared to the second half of 2021.  The investments we are making in our integrated network, like our new Harrisburg, Pennsylvania automated hub, smart package smart facility, additional labeling and bagging automation, plus our total service plan will help to offset the increase in wages and benefits in the back half of the year. And we expect our cost per piece growth rate will be lower than in the first half of the year as we continue to implement our productivity initiatives. The combination of our revenue and cost initiatives will enable us to grow revenue per piece faster than cost per piece and achieve our 11.6% full year operating margin target.  Moving to the International segment. In the second half of the year, we anticipate volume growth rates will improve relative to the first half, driven by our speed and service advantages in Europe. We expect revenue growth to be in the low single digits. Additionally, we expect currency will remain a headwind in the second half of the year. Operating margin in the International segment is anticipated to be about 23%.  In Supply Chain Solutions, we expect revenue in the second half of 2022 of nearly $9 billion, driven by our logistics and health care businesses. We've already begun to see ocean forwarding rates moderate, and we expect that trend to continue further year-over-year. Operating margin in the Supply Chain Solutions segment is expected to be about 10%. On a consolidated basis, we anticipate operating margin will be around 13.6% in the back half of 2022, with the fourth quarter increasing about 20 basis points year-over-year. And lastly, we expect the tax rate to be around 23% for the remainder of the year.  Turning to capital allocation. For the full year, in 2022, we still expect free cash flow to be around $9 billion, including our annual pension contributions. Capital expenditures are still planned to be about 5.4% of revenue or $5.5 billion. We plan to pay out around $5.2 billion in dividends, subject to Board approval. We plan to repay $2 billion in debt at maturity this year, including the $1 billion we've already paid in the first half of the year.  Lastly, in terms of share repurchases, we are, again, increasing the amount of cash we plan to allocate to share repurchases, taking the target up from $2 billion to $3 billion in 2022, further rewarding our shareowners. The execution of our strategy is enabling greater agility and has driven fundamental changes to nearly every aspect of our business.  As we discussed last quarter, there are multiple ways for us to deliver our targets, including offsetting softer volume through revenue quality and productivity. We have many levers to pull, and we are confident that we will deliver the targets we've laid out.  Thank you, and operator, please open the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Christian Wetherbee: Maybe starting, Brian, where you left off on sort of the cost side, thinking about the ramp-up in the back half of the year. I know it's early, but I want to get a sense of what you think sort of the expense profile of the business, particularly on the domestic side is going to look like exiting '22?  And as we think about 2023, I know you have the Teamster contract coming up next year, probably a little too early to talk about that. But it seems like there's some cost inflation kind of picking up. I want to get a sense of maybe how you think about that exiting the year? And what are the buckets you can kind of attack to maybe offset that?
Brian Newman: Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. Look, we expect CPP in the back half of the year to actually improve versus the first half. As I think about 2H, we're looking to put about $1.7 billion up in revenue growth in domestic, and there'll be a comparable increase in cost of about $1.7 billion.  But Nando and the team in the U.S. are taking a number of actions to actually drive productivity and efficiency. We just launched Total Service Plan. We've got Smart Package/Smart facility, cube automation, a number of initiatives. Those will drive about $300 million to reduce that $1.7 billion in cost increase. So as I think about exiting, I actually think CPP will be high single digit in the second half of the year. And so as we exit, I think we'll be in good shape going into '23.
Carol Tome: And maybe just a little color on the Total Service Plan. This is a formative initiative for our company. And it's really running our integrated network the way it was designed to run. And to make that real for you, sometimes we're a little light with feeder arrivals and departures. And with the initiative that we just kicked off on July 11 is about getting back on time and to dimensionalize that for you, a 10-minute improvement within the integrated network is worth $257 million.  So we're really excited about this. We've just kicked it off. It was a monumental effort. Get this, Nando and his team had to have one-on-one conversations with 64,000 drivers in our company, talking to them about their individualized service plan because some people want to get home for dinner at night and some people want to have some overtime. So we've built individualized plans for our drivers, and we retrained hundreds of thousands of people in our methods. And we're very, very excited about the Total Service Plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Ann Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Ann Poliniak: I just want to ask a question on SMBs. Obviously, you're growing faster than the market, Deal Manager obviously impacting that as well. Is there a way to think about that as we kind of look to the back half? Does that outperformance still continue? And I think Deal Manager also touches on pricing a little bit. Does that, I guess, strength in that revenue quality, the SMBs that you guys are onboarding at this point?
Brian Newman: Yes. From a numbers perspective, Allison, we had guided to 150 basis points of SMB improvement as a percentage of volume mix in the U.S. We're right on track to do that. We had a bit stronger performance in the second quarter, 200 bps, but we're holding to that full year 150. So that obviously does contribute to the revenue quality that we saw in the first half and we'll see in the second half.
Carol Tome: Our SMB initiative is multifaceted. And certainly, Deal Manager is part of it. We saw our win rate at 71% in the second quarter, that was 12 percentage points higher than we had planned. So we were super excited about that, and we're looking forward to rolling that outside the United States.  But it's not just the Deal Manager. By the way, I should say with Deal Manager, we're holding more of the base rate, which is great, too. That's part of the RPP strategy here. But it's much more the Deal Manager thinking about that, we have $1 billion of DAP revenue in the first 6 months of the year. And in fact, the revenue in the second quarter grew by about 100%. So we are on track to have $2 billion in DAP in the back half of the year.  We've got 18 key partners, 2.5 million merchants on the DAP platform, and we're taking that outside the United States as well. But there's more to it. It's about creating a seamless and frictionless experience for our customers. And as you know we have 16 customer journeys, we've actually identified 3 of those that really matter. And one of those is we've kind of thrown our wallet in the middle of the road, and we're going after it. And that's how to manage claims.  The claims process here is pretty clunky and it's not a good customer experience. So we are staffing that, Brian. We're staffing that and we're going to fix the claims experience because we think if we eliminate that pain point, we're going to grow even faster than the market, which we're already doing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Congratulations. So the inbound questions I'm getting on this release are volumes came in a little lower than expected. Why isn't this a negative economic signal? Now you had a couple of anomalies that Brian went through in the quarter, and you talked about second half growth improving. So how do you read the economic tea leaves?  I know you mentioned that GDP forecast had come down, but it sounds like you're more optimistic about volume returning to the network in the second half in part because you're deemphasizing the volumes you don't want. But what are our takeaways here?
Carol Tome: Well, maybe I'll start, Brian, and then you could add. So -- if you recall, at the end of the first quarter, we told you we thought our volumes would be down in the second quarter. They were. They were down a little bit more than we thought. We missed our forecast by 222,000 packages a day. And that miss was split evenly between the U.S. business and the international business.  So I would call that pretty close to being on forecast. As Brian detailed in his prepared remarks, more than half of the volume decline in the United States was based on actions that we took with a few of our customers under our better, not bigger framework. One of those customers is Amazon. So I'm just going to talk about Amazon right now.  We have a great relationship with Amazon. They are our largest customer. But as we've shared with you in the past, we have reached a contractual agreement with Amazon about the volume that we will take into our network and the volume that they will deliver.  No, by the way, they got a lot of volume to deliver. The last time I looked, they have $35 billion of inventory. So they've got a lot of volume to deliver. But we've contractually agreed on what makes sense for us versus what makes sense for them. That means that both volume and revenue for Amazon is coming down. We project by the end of this year that Amazon revenue will be less than 11% of our total revenue. That gives us room to grow in the parts of the market that we want to grow, like SMB and B2B and health care and others.  So part of this is a glide path that's occurring. We thought we could fill up the divot with more enterprise volumes than we got. Part of that is macro, but here are a few fun facts. Of our top 20 customers in the second quarter, more than 65% of them grew volume with us. Another fun fact is that in the second quarter, we won new great revenue quality business in the enterprise part of our segment than we have in the past 5 years.  Now that volume hasn't come into the network yet because we just won it, but it's coming in the back half. So we are running our business the way that we want to run it in this better, not bigger framework despite the macro environment.  And Brian, what else do you want to share?
Brian Newman: I only had the RPP side of that equation. Carol just painted a better, not bigger picture that we're running, Jeff. But on the back of that is revenue quality, and you see that in the domestic margin of 12% in the second quarter. I think we committed to 11.6% in the first half and 11.6% in the second half. We feel good about that running this play Carol just described.
Carol Tome: And we're holding on to the more of the GRI aren't we? We're not discounting as much. And part of that is because our customers value the service that we provide. Our end-to-end network is allowing us to deliver record high service levels, and that matters. That really matters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.
Kenneth Hoexter: Carol, Brian and Ken, maybe thoughts to continue that discussion a bit. Maybe thoughts on the RPP there, Brian. As fuel comes down, we're moving under $100 per barrel. You talked about a bit about the splits. Does that start to impact? Is there a profitability built into that revenue stream from fuel? Maybe just kind of walk through that a bit.
Brian Newman: Yes, Ken. Thanks for the question. And I think we feel fine about the fuel. It's obviously gone up at record levels in terms of the increase versus last year. And as we see fuel costs rise, Ken, our profit dollars actually increased. Margins contract a bit on the upside.  In the quarter, about 1/3 of RPP growth came from fuel, and we're splitting that out. That's fuel price per gallon. We're splitting that out from the management actions we've taken on pricing, which would go into a different bucket. So we've tried to provide more transparency.  As fuel goes down, I think the efficiency of our 1-week lag on the fuel service charge we feel like we're protected or insulated from a margin perspective. So feel okay and the constructive Q2 RPP. 1/3 was fuel, 1/3 was what Carol talked about, the revenue quality led by service, and then the last piece of that was the combination of mix, Ken, plus the management actions on fuel. So that's how we're looking at it and thinking about it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: I guess just related to the domestic margin question. I think the algorithm when you guys provided your multiyear forecast was kind of 20-ish percent incremental margins. And you're pretty darn close in the second quarter. I think you're actually forecasting that or pretty close in the back half of the year.  The world has changed since then from an inflation perspective. So I think it's pretty impressive that you're still hitting that number. But is that -- Brian, as you look out in '23, which is still within that multiyear forecast period, is that 20%-plus still hold in terms of an incremental margin target for domestic?  And then, Carol, I think one of the key questions and the overhang on the stock, at least, is this union renegotiation that's coming up next year. I understand it's sensitive and highly strategic, but any color? Because it is a $30 billion to $35 billion expense base for the company.  And any additional color, at least in terms of how you're strategically thinking about that renegotiation, that helps us form what type of inflation the company is going to be -- have over the next several years starting next year would be helpful?
Brian Newman: Yes, Amit, good question. So the answer to the first part of the question is, as we think about the walk on margins, that low 20s number that we're delivering it's a bit challenged in a down volume environment. And so we need to pull other levers to make sure we get there.  What we're focused on guidance that I had given at the investor conference in '21, which is 12% op margin in the U.S. We are still very much on track to do that. I think the guidance we gave for this year was to go from 11.1 to 11.6. We're on track to do that and then to lift the balance next year. So still tracking to the 12% and looking to expand margin on a longer-term basis.
Carol Tome: We have additional productivity levers today that we didn't have in our investor conference 1 year ago. One of those would be the Total Service Plan. Maybe Nando was thinking about it, but we haven't kicked it off or actually put it into any of our financial plans 1 year ago.  We're also seeing some real opportunities with our Smart Packaged/ Smart Facility initiative, which we hadn't thought of 1 year ago. When we get that rolled out, we're going to eliminate all the manual scans, all those preload scans that are done manually, all that will be eliminated. All of the tens of thousands of misloads that occur every day, sorry to say, we do misload a package from time to time or lots of times.  So all of that's got to be eliminated. So we've got additional productivity initiatives that we didn't have 1 year ago, which even in an environment where, yes, costs are up more than we thought they would be, we're able to offset those costs. I think it's pretty impressive that we didn't -- we planned for the $1 an hour increase for our Teamster starting in August. We didn't plan for the COLA that we're seeing. We knew there would be some inflation, but not the amount that we are seeing and we're able to offset all of that, aren't we Brian?
Brian Newman: Yes, that's -- Carol, it's actually a big number. We're going to see -- we saw $0.33 in COLA, the cost-of-living adjustment last year. We're going to see $0.82 this year. So you combine that to $1 in contractual wage increase. Last year, we went $1.23. This year, it will be $1.82. The fact that we're able to manage through that and drive the additional productivity you talked about when the environment turns around in an up volume environment, should be cooking on all cylinders.
Carol Tome: And to your question on the union negotiation first, these are incredibly important to us, and we've had Teamsters in our company for 100 years or thereabout. As we think about the upcoming contract negotiation, we're going to leave the negotiations at the bargaining table.  But just a few things for you to remember. Our Teamsters are the highest paid in the industry, both wage and benefits. In fact, if you're a 4-year driver here, you're making $40 an hour and fully loaded with benefits close to $150,000 a year. So our workforce is very different than a lot of the workforce that you hear in the media every day that are trying to be organized. They're not paid the way that our Teamsters are paid. These are great jobs that we value very much.  Our goal with the Teamsters is win-win-win, and that's our goal. And again, we'll keep the details of that win-win-win strategy at the bargaining table. The other thing I'll leave with you, and this is, I think, an important point is we're winning business today with customers who know, we have an upcoming negotiation because we've told our customers, we're going to take care of them. We are building contingency plans, and we will take care of our customers.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Brian, just a couple of few things I want to just follow up with you. Can you talk about the net impact of fuel in the quarter? How you're thinking about currency in the back half of the year? And I think you gave a comment about fourth quarter margins, but I didn't hear anything about third quarter margins. So if you could just help there.
Brian Newman: Sure, Scott. From a margin perspective, look, we -- I guess, as a whole company, we'd expect all business segments to have higher margins in Q4 relative to Q3 based on the seasonality, Scott, we expect the back half domestic margin seasonality to be very similar to last year relative to Q2.  So if you go back last year and look at Q2, the sequential Q3, Q4, the change should be comparable. As far as the currency and fuel that you laid in, look a stronger USD in Q2, it reduced our reported international revenue by, I think it was $261 million and reduced international profit by $60 million.  And I think you're familiar, Scott, with the lard hedge we use as a percentage of our revenue to manage that. In terms of fuel, fuel prices increased. We take a layered approach and start hedging that out about a few years in advance. We try to be 100% hedged. So the revenue impact will be more than the profit impact. But net-net, I think we feel fuel prices will moderate in the back end of the year.  The net impact in the quarter was 400 basis points. And as we look at dimensionalizing further, we're splitting out the elements of management control pricing actions versus the price per gallon, Scott, to give you more transparency.
Carol Tome: Yes. I think, Scott, the way I think about it is the change in the price per gallon is one component of the RPP. And as Brian called it out, that was 400 basis points on the RPP in the second quarter. The costs associated that also impacted cost per piece or our overall increase in expenses, up 370 basis points related to fuel.  So as the price per gallon goes up or down, the margin is pretty protected. To the change in price per gallon, we also have a pricing algorithm, but it has -- it's just used it fuel as a simple way to price. It's just price. So don't think of those pricing actions as anything different than price. And fuel margins will just hold tight if you look at change in price per gallon on the revenue line and change on pricing gallon on the expense line. That's how I think about it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Todd Fowler of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Fowler: So I guess I wanted to ask on your peak expectations. It sounds like that there was maybe a little bit of cost here in the quarter from a hiring standpoint as you prepare for the peak. I guess I'm curious what your expectation would be. It seems like that the second half outlook. It's a little bit uncertain just how the peak this year would compare to last year.  And then with the $300 million of productivity improvement that you're expecting in the back half of the year, is that something that you hold on to and carries forward into '23? Or how do we think about the sustainability of those cost improvements?
Brian Newman: Yes. Certainly, the productivity piece, we would hold on to that. And to Carol's earlier comment, we're going to build on it. So that would carry forward.
Carol Tome: On peak, we're getting forecast from all of our large customers now as we build our peak planning and we expect it to be a good peak. Inventory levels are good. Retailers are brought in to sell. Where last year, they didn't. So that should help the peak demand.  And then the comment about expenses, and we could have done better, is we managed hours relative to the volume. I'm really proud of that. A few years ago, we wouldn't have been able to do that. We would have delevered, but we were able to manage our hours. Nando and his team and Kate and her team did a great job on that.  We kept the bench though. Because if we let the bench go, then we'd have to rehire them for peak, and that doesn't seem like a good idea. Now the bench, obviously, we won't be an hourly wage if they're not working, but they do get benefits. So I would say that's the money that we left on the table, but we'll get that back in spade by giving great service to our customers during peak.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: I was wondering can you talk a little bit more about the Total Service Plan? Just trying to understand a little bit perhaps what the implementation or rollout aspect of that may be? And how quickly that starts to dig in? And is that a part of the contribution to this year's second half cost saves, et cetera?
Brian Newman: Yes, Jordan, it's included in my $300 million that I talked about in terms of driving productivity. And as Carol mentioned, it just kicked off, I think, July 11. So we're just getting going here. Net-net, it's to run a precision on-time network. So we don't have late deliveries or late departures. And it's worth quite a bit to us. It will ramp up over time. Carol mentioned that Nando and the team met with over 60,000 people talking about their specific service plans. Pretty exciting when you think about what can be accomplished from a TSP perspective.
Carol Tome: And Brian, Ken, I'm going to call an audible here, and I'm going to throw that question over to Nando. Nando, do you want to talk a little bit more about the Total Service Plan?
Nando Cesarone: Yes, sure. So the plan is really based on, as Brian mentioned, a predictable environment where our operators can plan with a lot of confidence on start time, finish time, sorts bands, how we can better utilize our automated facilities and move volume from legacy facilities to our newer, more automated facilities.  In addition to that, we've catered a very unique dispatch for our full-time drivers. And so we expect that the efficiencies coming out of those customized dispatches and the service we provide are going to allow us to run a really, really great efficient network for our customers and our employees.
Carol Tome: Thanks, Nando. And the cool thing is that we're not trying to integrate the network. We already have an integrated network. Now we're just running it the way it was designed.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon: I wanted to see if you could comment a little bit about sort of revenue quality and the efforts you're making on revenue quality and how sensitive they might be to sort of a weaker economic environment. You did a great job, I guess, managing down hours to volume.  I think the market is looking at the global financial crisis past recessions to kind of get a sense for earnings cyclicality. And I'm just trying to get a sense for what's different about the business today that might limit some of that downside to a downturn or pullback in overall shipping volume versus kind of maybe what we've seen in the past?
Carol Tome: Yes. I think in the past, as I understand it, when air volume softened up, the end was near. Prices softened up. That's just not happening now. As Brian detailed in his prepared remarks, more than half of the volume decline in our business, including air, was because of agreements that we reached with a few of our customers on the volume that we will take and the volume that we won't take.  The revenue quality is very good. It is sticky. As we bring in new customers, we're bringing them in and at very good revenue quality. Why? Because of what we have to offer. And in services are life. So part of it is what we have to offer from a service perspective, dependability, reliability. And what else do you want to add in terms of revenue quality, perhaps talk a little bit about the technology of the future?
Brian Newman: Yes. I think we've talked before as we think about dynamic pricing, and we're running some pilots that we feel good about. There's a technology component to that, but from a lag perspective, but the tools that we've been running out -- rolling out with our accounts, whether it's Deal Manager or some of the others, it allows us to be more efficient, more timely.  And quite candidly, the revenue quality is showing 11.9% was the growth in revenue quality for the RPP growth in the second quarter. that's a good number. We expect that to moderate for a few reasons in the back half of the year to high single digit. What's critical there is managing that spread. As Carol talked about, driving the productivity, will bring the CPP down and then deliver on our margin commitments.
Carol Tome: I love Deal Manager for so many ways. It makes it easier for our salespeople first, it makes it better and faster for our customers, which is awesome, but we're also bringing intelligence to the decision-making. Before [indiscernible] a bit of tribal knowledge. But now we're using AI to help inform the decisions, and we're coming in at better pricing as a result.
David Vernon: All right. And then maybe, Brian, can you just clarify the EBIT dollar impact of fuel in the quarter? And if there's any risk that the fuel prices moderate, there's going to be an earnings headwind in sort of 3Q, 4Q?
Brian Newman: I don't see a headwind with the dollar -- with the fuel prices moderating, it's factored into our guidance.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bruce Chan of Stifel.
Jizong Chan: Just want to get your sense of how supply chains are flowing right now. Maybe just broadly upfront, but also in the context of your CapEx plans for rolling stock and automated facility rollouts. And Brian, maybe if you see any risk to guidance there if we see any additional delays on the supply chain?
Brian Newman: Yes. Why don't I pick up the first -- the back half of that on CapEx, Carol, if you want to add any color on supply chains. But the guide we're holding at $5.5 billion, we feel good about. We're not immune. There are supply chain challenges around the world, and some of the parts and motors and trucks are more challenging to get.  But I think we look at capital now from a sort of a perpetual rolling cycle. It's not episodic. And so we're looking at opportunities to invest in different areas that may not have been in the original plan to drive automation, et cetera. So we're hold to $5.5 billion. That you can hold and we'll continue to remain agile, keep you updated if there's any change. I don't expect a big change.
Carol Tome: Supply chains are flowing better than they were a year ago. But we're not out of the woods. And a lot of it has to do with the rolling COVID lockdowns in China. We're shutdown in Shenzhen again. And we thought we'd gone through the worst in the second quarter. Kate and her team did a masterful job of managing through this. Get this, because of the rolling lockdowns in China in different cities, when you add up the number of days that we were effectively shut down cumulatively and if you look at all the cities combined, 106 days, we had people -- UPSers sleeping on the floor of our hubs to try to keep commerce moving.  Manufacturers couldn't manufacture because they were shutdown. Ocean Freight volume levels were down in the second quarter because of the lockdowns in China. So -- and then we see what's happening with the current variant of COVID. And you just wonder about when will we ever get through it?  But what you have to do is get through it. You have to manage through it. And that's what we, as a team said we will do. We are going to run our business. We're not going to let the business run us. We're going to get through it, and that's what we're doing.
Ken Cook: And Stephen, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: So maybe one more quick one for Brian on fuel. Can you just talk about the management actions on fuel that you've quantified? I think, about 1/3 of the RPP was that and mix. I think where some of the concern is that you might not be able to hang on to that in a weaker fuel price environment? Or are those getting built into these contracts and these renegotiations that you're talking about?  And then for Carol, if you can just give us a little more update on the upstream density program. It sounds like another new initiative, but I think the company tried that a few years ago, didn't quite pan out. So maybe what's different this time? What sort of visibility in partnership do you think you can drive to pretty much help everybody in the supply chain, including those who sign up for these pilots?
Brian Newman: Yes, Brian, thanks. On the fuel surcharge, look, as Carol mentioned, we run a pass-through on the fuel surcharge on the price per gallon piece, and we've isolated that for you for transparency. That's a very efficient mechanism and we'll move up and down.  The pricing actions, we've taken over the last couple of years, we've actually taken 4 or 5 pricing actions. And those we feel are embedded. As Carol said, it's a different type of price. We don't think of it as fuel. It's an element of pricing, and we're embedding some of that in the base rate.
Carol Tome: And I'm just so happy you asked about delivery density. Because we've tried to move the needle in this area for a long time, and we haven't been successful, principally because we've been focused on downstream, improving delivery density through access points or SurePost Redirect. And we just really haven't moved the needle.  Yes, the density was the best this quarter since 2019, fractionally. So we're like, "All right, what we're doing isn't working. We've got to go upstream." And when I mean upstream, when you think about e-commerce retailers, their upstream supply chain is from the manufacturer to their warehouse or store. Their upstream supply chain is also their order management system.  So we have been in a pilot with a third-party technology company that powers order management systems for most of the retailers in the country. The pilot is a virtual halt. We're in the order management system, the third-party technology company is holding the order until it can match another order going to the same address, and then it releases 2 orders. This pilot has been working very well.  Now you may say, well, what about service level agreement to the customer? Well, the virtual hold is only as long as the service level agreement allows. But there's a lot of hours in that service-level agreement, 9 hours, 12 hours. So what we found through the pilot is enough time to be able to match, then we release and we deliver the density.  And just to make this real for you, and this is just an estimate, but we estimate the cost of last mile for us is $5.50. That incremental package cost us $0.60. So imagine the value that can be released if we improve the density. So we're going to give some of that value back to our customers.  Why not? Their service level is not disruptive, and we are going to value share. So the pilot has been so successful. We're going live in the third quarter with the customer. We've got 9 other customers lined up who are anxious to talk to us about this. So more to come, early days, but super excited because it's different from what we've done in the past.
Ken Cook: All right. Thank you, everybody, for joining us today and look forward to talking to you all next quarter. That concludes our call.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your conference facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to our host, Mr. Ken Cook, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Ken Cook: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO; and Brian Newman, our CFO. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectation for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2021 Form 10-K and other reports we file with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. For the first quarter of 2022, GAAP results include a net charge of $19 million or $0.02 per diluted share, comprised of after-tax transformation and other charges of $43 million offset by an after-tax gain of $24 million resulting from the curtailment of benefits in a Canadian retirement plan. Unless stated otherwise, our comments will refer to adjusted results, which exclude pension adjustments and transformation and other charges. The webcast of today's call, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, is available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. If you wish to ask a question, press one and then zero on your phone to enter the queue. Please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome: Thank you, Ken, and good morning. This is my eighth earnings call at UPS. Since I joined the company, we faced a pandemic, social unrest, political unrest, the fallout from Brexit and now a war. Through it all I continue to be so impressed by the resiliency of UPSers and their commitment to moving our world forward by delivering what matters. I want to thank our team for their hard work and efforts in serving the needs of our customers each other and our communities during these most trying times. Before I discuss our results, I'd like to address our situation in Ukraine. Our hearts are with the people of Ukraine, who are feeling the effects of this tragedy firsthand. We have suspended all commercial operations in Ukraine, Belarus and Russia, where we can  we are supporting humanitarian relief efforts and our focus is on the safety of our people. Putting the issues in Eastern Europe aside, as we discussed in February, we expected the macro environment to be dynamic and it was. Our average daily volume fell short of our plan due to several external factors that Brian will detail, but we remain focused on controlling what we can control. And looking at the first quarter, we were pleased with our results. Consolidated revenue rose 6.4% from last year to $24.4 billion and operating profit grew 12.1% from last year to $3.3 billion. Consolidated operating margin expanded to 13.6%, which was 70 basis points above last year. All of our business segments delivered operating profit growth. Of note our Supply Chain Solutions businesses generated record operating profit of $481 million with a record operating margin of 11% driven by strength and forwarding in healthcare. We continue to pivot toward opportunity. We've made tremendous progress over the last two years. We are leveraging the power of our data to become much more agile. Under our Better not Bigger framework, we are investing in the capabilities that matter the most to our customers and we are winning in the parts of the market that value our end to end network like SMBs, healthcare, B2B and large enterprise accounts. How do we know we are winning because we've gained market share. Winning comes down to successfully executing our customer-first, people-led, innovation-driven strategy. Looking at customer-first, this is about creating a frictionless customer experience. Here we've made two significant enhancements to digitize the onboarding experience, making it easier for SMBs to ship with us. The first change I'll share is for our smallest customers. In the U.S., they can now go online at ups.com, answer just three questions and get a contract that includes pricing. This enables them to begin shipping in under two minutes, instead of our old process where they had to wait an average of 10 days to get started. The second enhancement is for larger SMBs. Here we are leveraging best-in-class technology to enhance the experience for our customers and our sales people. We've moved from a slow manual pricing process to a new digital platform that we call deal manager. This platform, which will be fully deployed to all U.S. SMB sales people by the end of this month, operationalizes our data and applies pricing science to present the customer with the right price the first time. For our customers, this means they no longer need to submit cumbersome sample data just to get a quote. For our sales people, they can close deals on the spot, making them more efficient and freeing them up to spend more time selling. And because this platform uses advanced analytics, the more we use it, the smarter it becomes. It's a key building block toward dynamic pricing. Our Digital Access Program, or DAP, is another important SMB growth driver. In the first quarter, we created more than 500,000 new DAP customer accounts. That's more than three times the number of new accounts created in the first quarter of last year, what's more near the end of the first quarter we began shipping DAP packages that originated outside of the U.S. As of today, DAP is available in 27 countries around the world and we are continuing to add DAP partners, putting us well on our way to achieving our $2 billion DAP revenue target in 2022. The enhancements we are making are resonating with SMB customers. In the first quarter, the U.S. SMB average daily volume growth rate including platforms outpaced the enterprise volume growth rate. In fact, in the first quarter, SMBs made up 28.4% of our total U.S. volume, up 140 basis points from one year ago. Looking at our international and supply chain solutions segments, the flexibility of our network allowed us to continue delivering for our customers within a dynamic environment. In many ways, this was one of our more challenging quarters as our international small package business faced tough year-over-year comparisons and demand was negatively impacted by ongoing disruptions due to the pandemic, but at the same time we scurried to keep up with heightened demand in our forwarding and healthcare businesses, no matter what came our way, we kept delivering with outstanding service levels. Moving to people-led, as previously announced, in the quarter we realigned our executive leadership team. First, Nando Cesarone, who has been leading our U.S. operations since 2020 assumed additional responsibility for U.S. sales and parts of engineering. This change gets us even closer to the customer, helping us better go to market as one UPS and enabling our teams to move even faster to unlock value for our customers and our shareowners. Second, Kate Gutmann assumed a new role leading both the international and supply chain solution segments in addition to our healthcare business. This allows us to better serve our global customers with our full range of services and provides opportunity for synergies in both revenue and cost. Finally, we have an external search underway for our new Chief Digital and Technology Officer. I'm delighted with the candidates that have surfaced for this role and hope to fill the position soon, which brings us to innovation driven. This is about driving higher returns from the capital we deploy. Here we are continuing to leverage the technology investments we've made to power our global smart logistics network. Throughout the quarter, we leveraged our network planning tools, automated facilities and other technologies to optimize the network and run it with greater agility. These efforts coupled with a laser focus on revenue quality contributed to a 90 basis point improvement in U.S. operating margin year-over-year. As we've discussed, we've turned productivity into a virtuous cycle at UPS. We have started the rollout of our RFID technology that we call smart package with the intense of completing 100 centers in 2022. This year, we will also begin the implementation of automated bagging, automated label application, and robotic small sort induction, all this to drive increased productivity. As an innovation driven company, we are marching down the path toward our goal of being carbon-neutral by 2050. Here is one example, we have two data centers that drive our global integrated network. These data centers are now powered 100% by renewable energy sources to give you some context, the power used to run these two data centers is the equivalent of the electricity needed to run 5,000 homes for one year. As we look ahead, we think the macro environment will be very dynamic, but we see many positives inside our business. We continue to deliver high service levels. We are gaining market share. We are more agile today than what I onboarded and we are focused on controlling what we can control to achieve the financial targets we've laid out. Brian will share the details regarding our outlook, but let me end by reaffirming our 2022 consolidated financial goals. In 2022, we expect to generate about $102 billion in revenue, consolidated operating margin of approximately 13.7%. And we expect return on invested capital to be greater than 30%. We are confident in our outlook and our financial condition. As a result, we are increasing our share repurchases for 2022, taking the target up to $2 billion for the year. And now I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks Carol and good morning. In my comments, I'll cover four areas, starting with the macro environment, then our first quarter results. Next, I'll cover cash and shareowner returns. And lastly, I'll provide an update on our financial outlook for 2022. As Carol mentioned, external factors resulted in a challenging operating environment in the first quarter. Early in January, Omicron negatively impacted retail sales and pressured volumes. The impact of Omicron subsided in February and volume growth turned slightly positive. Then late in the quarter, the combination of record high inflation, a surge energy prices, COVID-19 lockdowns in Asia and geopolitical uncertainty resulted in our consolidated volume growth rates turning negative. Despite these external factors, we remain agile and delivered strong first quarter results by continuing to execute our strategy and quickly adjusting our network to match capacity with the needs of our customers. In the first quarter, consolidated revenue increased 6.4% to $24.4 billion. Consolidated operating profit totaled $3.3 billion, 12.1% higher than last year. Consolidated operating margin expanded to 13.6%, which was 70 basis points above last year. For the first quarter, diluted earnings per share was $3.05 up 10.1% from the same period last year. Now let's look at our business segments, U.S. domestic delivered strong first quarter results. Our success was driven by continued gains in revenue quality and by leveraging the agility of our network to control costs. We had planned for volume to be down slightly in the first quarter, based on volume projections from a few of our largest customers, we expected to fill this gap with other enterprise volume, but market conditions did not support. And our volume was lower than planned. Total average daily volume in the U.S. was down 3% or 611,000 packages per day versus the first quarter of last year, driven by a 7.4% decline in residential volume. Looking back to March 2021, stimulus checks arrived at many U.S. households and contributed to difficult year-over-year comps in the first quarter of this year. The decline in residential deliveries included a reduction in SurePost volume of about 312,000 packages per day. The decrease in residential volume was partially offset by a 3.6% increase in B2B average daily volume with growth from both enterprise and SMB customers. In the first quarter, B2B represented 43% of our volume, which was up from 40% in the first quarter of 2021. Even within the current environment, the execution of our strategy is continuing to drive improvement in customer mix. In the first quarter, SMB average daily volume, including platforms was up 1.9% and SMBs made up 28.4% of U.S. domestic volume, an increase of 140 basis points over last year. For the quarter, U.S. domestic generated revenue of $15.1 billion, up 8%, which included the benefit of one additional operating day. Revenue per piece increased 9.5% more than offsetting the volume decline in the first quarter. Together, fuel surcharges and base rates drove 820 basis points of the revenue per piece improvement with mix contributing the rest of the growth. Additionally, revenue per piece grew across all products and customer segments with ground revenue per piece up 8.4%. Turning to costs, total expense grew 6.9%, total payroll and benefits, which included market rate adjustments drove 390 basis points of the increase and fuel drove 230 basis points of the expense growth rate increase. The remaining expense growth rate increase was driven by multiple factors, including weaken expansion and depreciation. The investments we've made in our automated facilities coupled with our productivity improvement initiatives enabled us to eliminate more than 1,300 trailer loads per day, compared to the same period last year, which contributed to the positive operating leverage in the quarter. The U.S. domestic segment delivered $1.7 billion in operating profit, an increase of $242 million or 16.5% compared to the first quarter of 2021. And operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 11.3%. Looking outside of the U.S., let me start by providing some information on our direct exposure to Ukraine, Belarus, and Russia. Revenue from these three countries represented less than 1% of our consolidated revenue in 2021, while the direct financial impact is not material to our business. We are closely monitoring the broader impacts across the global economy. Moving to our international segment performance by leveraging the agility of our global network and focusing on revenue quality, international executed well in a challenging global market, navigating through increases in global inflation, a war and COVID-19 disruptions. In contrast to the U.S., we planned for international volume to grow in the first quarter and it did not. Total average daily volume was down 256,000 packages per day or 6.7% in the first quarter. Part of the decline was due to tough comps from one year ago. When looking at performance on a two year stack basis, total international average daily volume was up 16.4%. In the first quarter of 2022 international domestic average daily volume was down 10.1%, representing nearly 80% of the decrease in international volume. Total export average daily volume declined 2.9% due to a combination of factors, including COVID-19 lockdowns in Asia. In response, we adjusted the network and were able to keep our operations moving in Asia and at the same time shifted capacity where it was needed to serve our customers globally. For example, average daily volume on the Europe to U.S. lane grew 10.7%. In the first quarter, international revenue increased 5.8% to $4.9 billion. Revenue per piece increased 10.5%, including a 710 basis point benefit from fuel and a 680 basis point benefit from revenue quality and mix, offset by a 340 basis point negative impact due to a stronger U.S. dollar. Operating profit was $1.1 billion, an increase of 2.7% and operating margin was 23% down 70 basis points year-over-year. Now looking at Supply Chain Solutions. In the first quarter, the segment delivered record operating profit in a dynamic environment. Revenue increased to $4.4 billion up 2%, despite the divestiture of UPS Freight, which accounted for $767 million of Supply Chain Solutions revenue in the first quarter of 2021. Looking at the key performance drivers. Forwarding revenue was up 25% and operating profit more than doubled by managing the buy-sell spreads, while global market demand continued to outpace supply. Our teams did an outstanding job helping our customers manage through this challenging market. Within forwarding, our truckload brokerage unit delivered strong operating profit growth driven by revenue quality initiatives. And our Healthcare business delivered record revenue and operating profit results in the first quarter led by pharma, clinical trials and lab customers. In the first quarter Supply Chain Solutions generated an operating profit of $481 million and delivered a record operating margin of 11%, 180 basis points above last year. Walking through the rest of the income statement. We had $174 million of interest expense. Other pension income was $298 million. And lastly, our effective tax rate in the first quarter came in at 21.5% flat to last year and lower than planned due to discrete items. For the full year and 2022, we expect our effective tax rate to be around 23%. Now lets turn to cash and shareowner returns. We are continuing to generate strong cash flow from our disciplined focus on capital allocation and bottom line results. In the first quarter, we generated $4.5 billion in cash from operations. Free cash flow for the period was $3.9 billion, a 5.5% increase year-over-year. And in the first quarter UPS distributed $1.3 billion in dividends and completed $260 million in share buybacks, which brings us to our outlook for the remainder of 2022. According to IHS, GDP expectations for the full year have been lowered from previous forecasts. Global GDP is now expected to grow 3.2% and U.S. GDP is expected to grow 3% and the macroenvironment is expected to be bumpy for the remainder of 2022. We are continuing to pay close attention to macro elements, including COVID-19, upstream supply chain constraints, inventory and inflationary pressures and the geopolitical environment. Despite this backdrop, we are reaffirming our consolidated financial targets for 2022 driven by our results in the first quarter and the momentum we are seeing in the second quarter. Consolidated revenues are expected to be about $102 billion, which takes into account the divestiture of UPS Freight. Consolidated operating margin is expected to be approximately 13.7% and return on invested capital is anticipated to be above 30%. We expect our path to achieve these financial targets will be different than we shared with you in February. We have proven our ability to adapt in a dynamic environment and we have many levers to pull that give us confidence in our ability to achieve our targets. In U.S. Domestic, our revenue guidance is not changing. We anticipate revenue growth of around 5.5% with revenue per piece growing faster than volume. In terms of volume, however, we anticipate volume growth rates will be lower than we originally expected. The volume growth rate in the first half of the year is expected to be negative and we expect it to improve in the second half of the year. Pricing is expected to remain firm and will continue to price based on the value we provide to our customers. Lastly, in U.S. Domestic, we expect operating margin to expand around 50 basis points for the full year in 2022. In International, our revenue guidance is unchanged. Revenue growth is anticipated to be approximately 7.7% driven by revenue quality initiatives. We anticipate volume will be lower than originally planned and given the value we offer our customers, we expect pricing to remain firm. Operating margin in the International segment is anticipated to be about 23.6%. In Supply Chain Solutions, our revenue expectation is unchanged at around $17 billion driven by our healthcare portfolio and forwarding. We expect ocean rates to moderate below 2021 peak levels. Operating margin is expected to be about 9.4%. As a reminder, we will lap the sale of UPS Freight at the end of April. Turning to capital allocation. For the full year and 2022, we still expect free cash flow to be around $9 billion, including our annual pension contributions. Capital expenditures are still expected to be about 5.4% of revenue or $5.5 billion, which includes two 747-8 aircraft, two automated hubs, more than 3,700 alternative fuel vehicles and additional technology investments. All of which will enable greater efficiency in our integrated network and move us further down the path to achieving our 2050 carbon neutral goal. And in 2022, we are planning to pay out around $5.2 billion in dividends, subject to Board approval. Regarding debt repayment, as of today, our plan is to repay $2 billion in debt at maturity this year. Lastly, in terms of capital allocation, we are doubling the amount of cash we plan to allocate share repurchases to $2 billion in 2022, further rewarding our shareowners. We are executing our strategy and we will remain agile, as we continue to navigate the dynamic macroenvironment. We are laser focused on improving revenue quality, reducing our cost to serve and disciplined capital allocation. And by controlling what we can control, we are confident in our outlook and our financial condition. Thank you. And operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Brian, what impact did fuel have on RPP in domestic? I know, you said 800 bps fuel plus base rates. Wanted to see if you can just give us  just isolate the fuel piece of that. And Carol, I was hoping you can talk about the recent Amazon Buy with Prime initiative. It seems like that eats into the SMB strategy or potentially eats into the SMB strategy. Just wanted to get your thoughts on that strategy that Amazon is pursuing and the implications for UPS and also UPS relationship with Amazon as well?
Brian Newman: Hi, Amit. Good morning. Happy to break down the fuel piece. And then Ill turn it over to Carol for the Amazon question. You saw the 9.5% RPP growth in domestic and think of that as about 80% rate and 20% mix approximately the mix being driven by our continued performance on the SMB side. But the split of the 80% is roughly equal, its about half fuel and then half base pricing as you split it out. And Amit, I would just make one comment. As we think about pricing and as we go down further down this journey, fuel is one component of our pricing lever. We have surcharges, we have base rate GRI. So within that it was approximately split between base pricing and fuel. Carol, did you want to take Amazon?
Carol Tome: Yes. Happy to take the Amazon question. Thank you, Amit. We have a very good relationship with Amazon. They are our largest customer. And as we talked about at the end of the fourth quarter, weve reached agreement with Amazon about the packages that we will take into our network and the packages that they will deliver on their behalf. And its a mutually beneficial relationship. As it relates to their latest announcement, we see that as a very clever marketing play by Amazon, but just putting Amazon Prime badge on a SMB website, if the website even exists, doesnt put that much risk to us, we believe.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good morning. I wanted to ask you a little bit  for a little bit more perspective, just on the volume framework. What  I mean, Im guessing you dont want to give us a kind of precise month by month. But what did  if you do great, but what did March look like in terms of how much weaker? And then what does April look like? I dont know if you want to comment on. I mean, Im asking primarily on domestic package, if you want to offer international thought as well. But just kind of that volume trajectory and how that fits into the overall outlook and expectation for second quarter?
Carol Tome: Well, Ill start. Brian, and then please join in. So Tom, as Brian mentioned, we planned for our U.S. Domestic volumes to decline slightly in the first quarter. We actually missed our plan by about 500,000 pieces per day. And when we started to peel back the layers of the onion to understand what happened because there was a lot of variability in the demand. January was soft because of Omicron and then February came back and was nicely positive and then March turned negative again. And were like, why? Well, as we looked at the impact of the stimulus, we found a aha moment. When the stimulus checks hit last year, we saw our average daily volume jump by 400,000 pieces per day. We and our customers thought we could comp that this year, but because of all of the external factors that were facing consumers, that proved to be tough. And in fact, if you look at the performance of our SurePost product, last year SurePost grew 35%. This year SurePost declined in the first quarter, 10.5%. And if you look through that, you can see that five customers actually drove more than 60% of the year-over-year decline. And in talking to those customers, they tell us it was just too hard to comp those stimulus checks. So that explains what happens in the quarter. Why do we feel good about the volume going forward? Well, the comparisons get easier. And I can look at whats happening in April. Our April volume is better than our March volume, so were trending in the right direction. And then I look at the volume thats coming into the network at great revenue quality for deals that weve just cut. So over the next several months, weve got new volume coming into our business, both from enterprise customers, as well as SMB customers. So we feel very good about the volume projections that are coming into our new network. Just a comment on the international volume, if I could. We thought wed have export volume growth in the quarter. We did not. It really was because of the COVID rolling lockdowns in Asia. We had flight cancellations it was a tough environment. In fact, we still have people who are sleeping in sleeping bags in the hub. Its a tough environment there. If you back out the COVID lockdowns and some shift from air to freight, our Asia export business wouldve been up in the quarter. So were going to get through this. We are convinced were going to get through this and expect the volume to improve internationally. Brian, what would you like to add?
Brian Newman: Carol, I think you covered it well. The only thing I would add is one point in international though, we did prove agile with the COVID lockdowns in Asia, as you referenced. We were able to move some of that aircraft and airlift over to Europe. And as I mentioned, the Europe to U.S. air lane was up 10%. So moving the equipment despite the volume softness, I think plays very well in the integrated network.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: [Indiscernible] (32:20) talk a little bit more in detail. I think you mentioned productivity levers a few times. If you need to be agile depending on what happens with overall demand. Can you maybe hit on a couple of those fine points and how you could flex the network if need be to get to your targets. Thanks.
Brian Newman: Sure. Happy to Jordan. Good morning. We do have cost inflation and pressures like everyone else out there and obviously payroll and benefits and fuel are the two biggest in our system. But we are driving productivity, as we think about it. Were leveraging automated facilities. Were bringing two automated hubs online this year, one in Pennsylvania, one in California and that will allow us to leverage automated bagging, label applications, et cetera. Carols talked before about the smart package, smart facility. Were rolling that out in 2022. And so that will be a further driver of productivity this year as we think about it. And then within the quarter, ADV was actually down 3% as we mentioned, but hours per day were down 3%. So pieces per hour were basically flat. And then lastly, one of the things that the team is doing very effectively in the U.S., Jordan is the cube utilization, leveraging data to cube out the trucks. It reduced our loads per day better than the volume decline or outpaced it.
Carol Tome: And I just want to give a shout out to our operators in the U.S. for managing through this very choppy volume environment to have pieces per hour flat when volumes up and down in a quarter is, is just as a sign of agility. And as to your question about levers, we are able to manage hours very well. If there were to be sustained volume down and were not counting on that. But if that were the case, then we would actually take head cut out. But now were just managing the hours and doing a matchable job of it.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Jordan.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Todd Fowler of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler: Hey, great. Thanks and good morning. So I wanted to ask on the cadence of U.S. Domestic margins throughout the year. I think Brian previously you had given some guidance for first half versus second half. And Im just curious with the change in the volume expectations with what youre seeing on the pricing front. If that pushes out kind of the cadence of how we see U.S. Domestic volumes trend throughout the year? Or are we going to be kind of in a more steady state and kind of reducing some of that seasonality, like youve talked about in the past? Thanks.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Todd. Yes, happy to talk about domestic margin. Were sticking with the guidance I had given previously, which was 11.6% domestically for the full year. And it was pretty balanced, pretty close to that the first half and second half. We printed an 11.3% in the first quarter. Were still holding to that 11.6% for the first half and we think the second half will look similar. So net-net up 90 bps in the first quarter, but looking for a 60 basis point improvement in the first half.
Todd Fowler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Thanks. Good morning. Can you just talk about  I think you said that the volumes would be better or positive in the second half of the year. What changes first half or second half? Is that just a comp? And then if are in a period of more sustained volume pressure, whats the ability to maintain this level of pricing improvement and margin improvement if the volumes, I guess, stay negative for longer?
Carol Tome: So in terms of our confidence of the volume and getting better, the comparisons do get easier, Scott, for sure. But we also are winning in the marketplace because of the service we provide. And I'm super proud of our sales team, who are out there knocking on doors, bringing back customers, some of which candidly had left us but they love the service that we provide, they're coming in a great revenue quality and that's very important too. So we have  we feel very good about what we see coming into the network. And I just want to go back and talk a moment about DAP. Our DAP revenue grew over 50% and in the first quarter that  that platform is on fire and we're taking it outside of the United States now, which is very exciting and in our case looking forward to having DAP come to Europe. So we're well on our way to get to that $2 billion DAP target by the end of this year. In terms of sustained pricing, pricing is really a function of demand and supply, and there still is a demand and supply imbalance, particularly in certain geos around the world, where for whatever reason be it COVID, or labor shortages, or just challenges, the service levels are there. We price for the service that we provide and are not seeing any pressure on the pricing environment right now.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hi, good morning. Thank you, operator. So, Carol, as you look out in the back half of the year, can you talk to kind of what's embedded in the guide with respect to mix? And whether you're seeing any sort of pickup in B2B traction, given the fact that the FedEx ground network seems to be running at service levels, we probably haven't seen in, I don't know, 20-some-odd years?
Carol Tome: Well, Brian, perhaps you want to talk more about the guidance?
Brian Newman: Sure, so happy to. Look, in the first quarter, our resi B2C was 57% of the mix and commercial was 43%. We had guided for the full year to a 60:40 spread and we still think that's a pretty good number. As we think about mix changes in the business, we're looking for SMB to actually grow about 150 basis points improved from a mix perspective. We saw 140 in the first quarter, so we think that 150 is a good number. So Dave, I think as you split the year, a 60:40 on the resi to comm and about 150 improvement in the SMB is probably good  still stands.
Carol Tome: I would say, interestingly in the SMB space, it's now split 50:50, commercial-residential. And we saw our commercial business grow almost 4% in the first quarter. So we're going to take every opportunity to win in that space as well because service matters to that customer base.
David Vernon: And do you have any thoughts on where that long-term mix like what are you kind of designing the network to be for, say, three years out? Is it that 60:40 going to hold? Or like how do you think about what you want this business to look like in three years?
Carol Tome: We want the business to be the best of our context as that meets the needs of the customers. And so, we haven't declared what that mix should be, but that's actually a pretty interesting challenge for us as team at our June strategy meeting to think about what  where  what do we want declare that mix to be.
David Vernon: All right. Thank you guys for the time.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So Carol, maybe to follow up on that last one. Can you just give us an update on where you think that the market sizing is when you look at the small  the short zone rather in the long and mid-zone? Last time I think the update was in the Investor Day in 2021. Has that really changed at all given all the various puts and takes and dynamics that we've seen here unfold in the last couple of quarters? And then maybe for Brian, have you seen any price sensitivity with fuel going up so much? If customers started to trade down and make other adjustments, given how much those prices will run up? Thank you.
Carol Tome: So we haven't updated the market sizing in any material way since our June Investor Day. And when we do, we will certainly share that with you.
Brian Newman: And just on the  Brian, the price sensitivity comment, no, I think, as Carol mentioned, probably the most important piece is the service we provide and with the service numbers we're printing not getting a lot of pushback on that because I think we're  from delivering good service. Also when you think about the pricing, there is a split, as I mentioned, between fuel and the base rate. So we're managing holistically, but I think the pricing holding firm is probably the guide.
Ken Cook: Yes. If I could just give a quick reminder to limit the questions to one, and then you can jump back in queue for follow up opportunities.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Yes. Great. Thank you. I guess when you're thinking about the B2B, B2C mix, and I think you saw a 7% decline in residential, B2B was up for the quarter. I know 64 is sort of what you're looking for, for the full year. I'm guessing in the interim, it's probably more likely that we're seeing B2B grow faster than residential. And does that provide you any sort of margin tailwind when you think about sort of the outlook for the full year on the domestic side, 11.6? Are we expecting any sort of tailwind that you could get from pickup in B2B? And then maybe, Carol, just a little bit more finer point and sort of what you're seeing from the consumer. Just kind of curious, I know you mentioned the stimulus last year being part of that impact on volume. But are you seeing sort of anything else that might suggest either a pivot from goods to services or other deceleration in the consumer end market?
Carol Tome: So we don't have direct insight to the consumer behavior. It's more from what we're hearing from our customers, who are telling us there has been a bit of a shift from goods to services. And you're probably experiencing that if you've gone on vacations, it seems like the hotels are full, all the planes are full, and people are going out to eat. And gosh I was in Washington, D.C. last week, and the bar was hoping at midnight. So people are spending money differently than they would. But as it relates to the guidance that we've given and we feel good about the volume that's coming back into our network and the guidance that we've laid out.
Brian Newman: Yes. And I just pick up one point on the commercial. Certainly, the B2B from a density standpoint is better than the resi, so we like that. But you have to remember, SurePost was down 10%, so that's impacting the mix as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker:
[indiscernible] (0:43:15):
Brian Newman: Yes, Helane, happy to address the CapEx. We are holding at the $5.5 billion for the year, so not coming off that. There's a little bit of timing noise in the first quarter, so it looked like we understand, but that was simply timing. As far as where we're investing, certainly putting into automation that  that's the one area we're trying to double down in. On the technology side, some of those are OpEx versus CapEx investments. So in terms of splitting the type of investments we're making, but certainly we are  we have two large automated hubs going in this year. We're looking at the smart package, smart facilities, so we're investing there. Whatever we can do to drive more automation is a positive thing from a cost expense standpoint.
Carol Tome: Yes. What I've asked the team to do is to tell me how fast they can go because the  the capital is not going to get in the way of speed here. Automation is critically important to deliver service for our customers as well as drive productivity. Of the automation activities we have underway, be it automated label application or automated bagging or robotic sort induction, it's a head count opportunity this year alone of 1,200 people inside our buildings and that's going to double next year and continue to take off. So we're not going to let perfection get in the way, good enough here. We're going to go fast. As it relates to cybersecurity, that's the one budget I will not touch. We continue to invest in cyber. It's a scary time for all of us, but we are leaning in from a cyber perspective. Clearly, if you think about the challenges coming out of Eastern Europe, we have taken every system down. So we're at no risk there. But of course, we could  we have attacks on our company every day, but our cyber team does a masterful job awarding off those attacks. And we're spending a lot of money to ensure that we protect our customer data, our personal information of our people and all the incredible pricing information that we have that gives us a competitive advantage. So knock on wood, of course, because every company is vulnerable here, but we're certainly investing in protection.
Helane Becker: That's very helpful. Thank you very much.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Helane.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good morning. Just to clarify, Carol, Brian, if you see volumes more negative in the near-term, is then there a bigger push on pricing or mix gains to get to those same margin and revenue targets? And then, I guess just a follow-up on CapEx, you only spent, I guess, $0.5 billion in the first quarter yet you kept the CapEx at $5.5 billion. Is there increased confidence you can get, the targets by year end or maybe just talk about your CapEx target a bit?
Brian Newman: So Ken, on the CapEx, I mentioned a minute ago that it was more timing related in terms of the year-over-year. I think it was about $300 million decline year-over-year in the first quarter. So that basically was just timing. So that won't impact us. We'll come back in the middle of the year and re-look the full year number, but as of now holding to the $5.5 billion in CapEx.
Carol Tome: We freed up some capacity in our network to allow us to go out and win, where in the past couple of years, it was harder because of peak gating, there's only so much volume a company like UPS can take into the network during peak. You only have so many doors for cars, you only have so many buildings, but because we've freed up some capacity, we can actually give our customers more peak availability that's allowing us to win with great revenue quality. So right now, we don't view that the revenue quality is at risk. And remember there is still a demand/supply imbalance, and it's exasperated in certain parts of the country. So we are winning because of the SurePost.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning everyone. And thank you for taking my question. I want to come back to the fuel issue because it looks like you guys have adjusted your fuel surcharge, maybe three or four times in the better part of the past year. Is there any risk that if fuel prices were to materially come down from here that that's potentially a margin or profit headwind? Can you just tell us why adjusting surcharge still frequently is the right way to go?
Carol Tome: So if we look at our fuel surcharge, as Brian mentioned is just part of our overall pricing algorithm and yes, it does move off of the weekly change in the PPG index. But to that, we add a pricing modifier. So think of it known differently than a demand surcharge or a network surcharge or just a plain price. And people are willing to pay for this because of the service we provide. If we look at the impact to our business in the first quarter for the domestic business alone, 55% of the fuel benefit came from changes in the PPG index. 45% of the benefit came from actions that we took from a pricing perspective. We are always thoughtful about changes in pricing of course. We price for the services we provide. Many of our published prices, as you know, are also discounted. So I think that's something you need to keep in mind too, as you think about, are you adjusting too frequently? We price for the services we provide and then we also will discount, but just on a discounting, if I could, we mentioned the new tool that we just introduced to, which we call bill manager. And this is providing pricing analytics to our sales team as they go about negotiating deals. And in fact, as we looked at our pilots, 41% of our volume one and our volume rate wins or volume wins have increased from where they were trending. The discounting is lower in 41% of the volume wins than it had been using our old pricing science. So science rules in many ways, when it comes to pricing, you ask a lot of questions here about elasticity and what are you doing with pricing, science really rules here as we think about providing the best overall equation for our customers.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jairam Nathan of Daiwa. Please go ahead.
Jairam Nathan: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to dig a little deeper on international. I think the original guidance for Jan, Feb was that intra-Europe volumes will improve. And we did see that kind of coming below expectations in the first quarter. So what are you thinking right now on that?
Brian Newman: So from a intra-Europe perspective obviously there's been a lot of dislocation with the conflict over there and  but as Carol mentioned at the top of the call, we had actually planned for volume growth internationally and it came down. So we continue to monitor the COVID situation lockdowns in Asia, the European geopolitical conflict and will continue to manage from a volume perspective. But we anticipate the second quarter to look somewhat like the first quarter from a volume perspective.
Jairam Nathan: So would you  is the plan to offset the volume lesser  lower volume with mix or price?
Brian Newman: Well, I think we did that in the first quarter, we were down 70 basis points on a margin perspective. And I think the full year guide was for down 60 basis points. So we were basically trending in line with our full year guide in the first quarter to do exactly what you just said.
Jairam Nathan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good morning. Carol, in this inflationary environment, obviously managing costs is important. I know it's a big folks years, now that we're about a third of the way through the year. Any update on how you're progressing on the $500 million of cost savings, managing the discussion of a little bit more in depth on how the RFIDs improving there and cube utilization package selection time, any metrics there? Are you  and is there upside opportunity there with presumably an enhanced focus? Thanks.
Carol Tome: So the $500 million cost out target related to what we call non-ops or overhead and we initially had $1 billion target in which we delivered $500 million last year, we're going to do it again this year. So that's tracking as we laid out, very proud of the team for that. When you introduce technology, it can free up a lot of manual activities. And we're really all about putting our resources where we can get the highest return. As it relates to the RFID technology, boy, we were worried about putting it in this year because of supply chain jams, but we were able to procure all the batteries and labels that we need. So we will get it up this year before peak and a hundred of our centers. And what this will do long-term for us, it looks pretty powerful, wave one alone. It will eliminate all the manual scans done by our pre-loaders. If that doesn't drive productivity, I don't know what will, and it will avoid all the miss sorts, when a package gets miss sorted and it goes into the wrong package car, that's not a very good experience for our customer and it actually just a drag on productivity. So really excited about where that's going to take us long-term and the project is on tech. Nando is also driving what he calls total service, which is running this network, which was designed for perfection at perfection. We haven't been there for lots of reasons, COVID and all kinds of reasons, but it's pretty powerful because if you think about just delays and traffic or delays leaving the package centers, it can cost a hundred of millions of dollars that relate. So running the network for the way it was designed is powerful and Nando just kicked this off. And will bringing you up to speed along this initiative as we go along.
Ken Cook: Hey, Steven, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Christyne McGarvey: Hey everyone. This is Christyne McGarvey on for Ravi. Thanks for sweeping me in here at the end. Maybe I'll just going back to some of the B2C, B2B commentary from earlier in the call, but maybe I can ask it in a slightly different way. I think last week there was a Wall Street Journal article about e-commerce gains, kind of that we saw through the pandemic, at least as a percentage of overall, retail had been normalizing pretty sharply. I'd be curious if you guys are seeing something similar. And if not, maybe you can just touch on your thoughts on how much of those e-commerce gains, you think will be permanent versus kind of reverting to trend line?
Carol Tome: Well, look, I applaud the retail stores who are doing a masterful job of offering buy online pickup in a store, buy online return in store, come to my store, come to my store, come to my store because if they don't get traffic into their store, well, they'll deleverage that fixed cost. And then we'll have to close stores. So I admire what they're doing, but there's still been a permanent shift in customer preferences. Customers want to shop when, where, and how they want to shop. And they want their packages delivered to them when, where, and how they want them. It might be inside of the store. It might be at their home or at their workplace or at a consolidated pickup point. So we're not going to see the kind of growth that we experience during COVID clearly, but e-commerce sales will continue to grow. We want to serve that customer, but we also want to serve the commercial customer because that's a very good customer for us. So while we may have said a 60/40 mix, the mix is going to go where the volume is, and we will lean into that growth appropriately.
Christyne McGarvey: Excellent.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to our host, Mr. Ken Cook.
Ken Cook: Excellent. Thanks everybody for joining today and have a great day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise and after the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to our host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS Fourth Quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tom, our CEO; and Brian Newman, our CFO. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the federal security laws and address our expectation for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which are described in our 2020 Form 10-K, subsequently filed Form 10-Qs and other reports we file with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. For the fourth quarter of 2021, GAAP results included a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $14 million and after-tax transformation and other charges of $45 million. The after-tax total for these items is $59 million, an impact to fourth quarter 2021 EPS of $0.07 per diluted share. The mark-to-market pension charge of $14 million represents losses recognized outside of 10% corridor on company sponsored pension and post retirement plans. Additional detail regarding year-end pension charges are included in the appendix of our fourth quarter 2021 earnings presentation that will be posted to the UPS Investor Relations website later today. Unless stated otherwise, our comments will refer to adjusted results, which exclude year-end pension charges and transformation and other charges. The webcast of today's call, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, is available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. If you wish to ask a question, press one then zero on your phone to enter the queue. Please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tom: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. What an incredible year it's been at UPS. Let me begin by recognizing the efforts of our amazing UPSers, 534,000 strong around the world. Not only did our team once again provide industry-leading service during peak, but over the last year we delivered 1.1 billion COVID-19 vaccine doses with 99.9% on-time service. I'm so very proud of our team and what we've accomplished. The external environment is challenging due to the ongoing impacts of the pandemic, labor tightness, upstream supply chain jams and rising inflation, but inside our better not bigger framework, we are a maniacal about controlling what we can control. We are laser focused on improving revenue quality, reducing our cost to serve and allocating capital in a disciplined fashion. This is enabling us to move faster and to be more agile so that we capture the best opportunities in the market, enhance the customer experience and continuously improve our financial performance. Looking at the fourth quarter, our results exceeded our expectations driven by improved revenue quality across all three of our business segments and significant gains in productivity. Consolidated revenue rose 11.5% from last year to $27.8 billion and operating profit grew 37.7% from last year to $4 billion. This is the highest quarterly operating profit in the company's history. And for the full year 2021, our business delivered record financial results. Consolidated revenue increased 15% to reach $97.3 billion and operating profit totaled $13.1 billion, 50.8% higher than last year. We generated $10.9 billion in free cash flow more than double the amount generated in the prior year and diluted earnings per share were $12.13, an increase of 47.4%. In a moment, Brian will provide more detail about our financial results. At our June Investor and Analyst Day, I said, intent is not a strategy and vision without action is just a dream. At UPS, we are acting on our customer-first people-led innovation-driven strategy as we transform nearly every aspect of our business. Starting with Customer First, as we've discussed, we are focused on growing in the parts of the market that value our end-to-end network, including B2B, healthcare, SMBs and large enterprise accounts. In 2021, our SMB average daily volume grew 18% and represented 26.8% of our total U.S. volume, putting us on track to achieve our 2023 target of more than 30%. Our Digital Access Program, or DAP, makes it easy for SMBs to access UPS services and it's an important driver of our SMB growth. In 2020, I challenged the team to turn DAP into $1 billion business. In 2021, DAP generated $1.3 billion in revenue. Looking ahead, we expect DAP to reach more than $2 billion in 2022 as we add new partners and expand to additional countries. SMB opportunities outside of the U.S. are tremendous. And in the fourth quarter, our international SMB revenue growth rate was 18%. As we expand DAP, grow with SMBs across Europe and introduce new partnerships, we expect to gain overall SMB revenue share faster than the market growth. Healthcare is another market we are focused on. And in 2021, our healthcare portfolio reached more than $8 billion in revenue. Here, we serve complex customers with our global footprint of healthcare facilities and cold chain solutions. Our healthcare expertise and end-to-end solutions are unmatched in the industry, and we are well on our way to hitting our $10 billion revenue target for 2023. And amid the bottlenecks and uncertainty, our Supply Chain Solutions group is providing customer supply chain flexibility and resiliency through alternative routings and solutions. Demand for forwarding products continued to be strong in the fourth quarter. In fact, ocean shipments were up double digits and container rates remain elevated in the market. Now from an experience perspective, Customer First is about providing a frictionless end-to-end customer experience. We are attacking the biggest pain points first and over the last several months have rolled out improvements to the digital experience in pickup, claims at ups.com. You may not know this, but we generate over $9 billion in gross revenue annually from transactions on our global website. We redesigned the U.S. site in 2021 and saw site visits grow one hundredfold with an equally impressive growth in monthly page views, up from 10,000 in January to 600,000 in December. We've got more plans to improve the ups.com experience around the world, which should lead to higher revenue and better customer satisfaction. We know it will take time to move the needle on our net promoter score, which stands at 30, but we set a target of 50 and have laid out a path to get there. Moving to the second element of our strategy, people-led; here we focus on the employee experience and making UPS a great place to work. We measure our performance by how likely an employee is to recommend others to work at UPS. When I became CEO in 2020, our likelihood to recommend metrics stood at 51% globally and our goal is to surpass 80%. We've made great strides, gaining 10 percentage points to finish 2021 at 61%. And now to the last leg of our strategic platform, innovation-driven is at the heart of what we do.  Our global smart logistics network powered by technology developed by UPS engineers enabled us to deliver another successful peak. It may have been our hardest peak ever. We had higher volume than we had expected at the beginning of the quarter and lower volume at the end, but our sales, engineering and operating teams remained agile and pivoted with changes in global market conditions and the needs of our customers. We delivered excellent service levels, avoided chaos costs and improved efficiency in the network. In fact, productivity in our U.S. operations improved by 1.7% for the fourth quarter as measured by pieces per hour. Progress on the innovation-driven element of our strategy is all about driving higher returns on invested capital. As Brian will detail in 2021, we reversed a multi-year downward trend in this metric and delivered a return on invested capital of 30.8%, 910 basis points above 2020. We remain disciplined in our capital allocation priorities and commitments. In regard to capital expenditures, we are increasing our investments back into the business to drive innovation and growth. We just started the first phase of what we're calling smart package smart facility, which over time will put our FID tax on all of our packages. This initiative will enhance customer experience while improving UPS productivity by eliminating millions of manual scams every day. Brian will share more detail on our CapEx plans during his remarks. In June, we told you we were going to target a dividend payout ratio at year end of 50% of adjusted earnings per share. And we're doing just that. Today, the UPS Board approved a 49% increase in the quarterly dividend from $1.02 per share to $1.52 per share. This represents the largest quarterly dividend increase in our company's history. Our strategy is building a solid foundation for our business and enabling agility. While we expect 2022 to be another challenging year, we've got momentum. So let me end by sharing our 2022 financial goals. Building on the record results we delivered last year, we anticipate delivering our 2023 consolidated revenue and operating margin targets one year ahead of our plan. In 2022, consolidated revenues are expected to be about $102 billion. Operating margin is expected to be approximately 13.7% and return on invested capital is anticipated to be above 30%. Brian will provide more details on our outlook. I'm excited about the many opportunities in front of us. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol. And good morning. In my comments I'll cover three areas, starting with our fourth quarter results, then I'll cover our full year 2021 results, including cash and share owner returns, and lastly, I'll share our financial outlook for 2022. In the fourth quarter, supply chain challenges and the emergence of the Omicron COVID-19 variant weighed on global economic growth. In fact, the U.S. December retail sales report came in lower than forecasted and the inventory to sales ratio remained at historic lows. Despite these factors, our financial performance was better than we expected as the progress we've made executing our strategy continues to deliver strong results. Consolidated revenue increased 11.5% to $27.8 billion. Consolidated operating profit totaled $4 billion, 37.7% higher than last year. Consolidated operating margin expanded to 14.2%, which was 270 basis points above last year. For the fourth quarter diluted earnings per share was $3.59, up 35% from the same period last year. And full year EPS was $12.13 per diluted share an increase of 47.4% year-over-year. Now let's look at our business segments. U.S. Domestic delivered outstanding fourth quarter results. Our success was driven by gains in revenue quality and productivity, as well as our ability to quickly adjust our network to match capacity with the needs of our customers while providing industry-leading service. Average daily volume increased by 39,000 packages per day or a 0.2% year-over-year to a total of 25.2 million packages per day. This was below our expectations due to the soft retail environment in December.  Regarding revenue quality, the impact of our better not bigger approach is continuing to drive improvement in customer mix. In fact, SMB average daily volume, including platforms grew 8.4% outpacing the market. And in the fourth quarter, SMBs made up 25.8 of U.S. domestic volume, up 240 basis points versus last year. Mix also shifted positively toward commercial volume as our B2B average daily volume continued to recover and was up 8.8%. B2B represented 36% of our volume compared to 33% in the fourth quarter of 2020. For the quarter, U.S. Domestic generated revenue of $17.7 billion up 12.4% driven by a 10.5% increase in revenue per piece. Fuel drove 380 basis points of the revenue per piece growth rate. And demand related surcharges drove a 110 basis points of the growth rate increase. Revenue per piece grew across all products and customer segments with ground revenue per piece up 10%. Turning to costs, total expense grew 8.1%. Fuel drove 230 basis points of the expense growth rate increase. Wages and benefits, which included market rate adjustments drove 410 basis points of the increase. And the remaining increase in the expense growth rate was due to several factors, including higher depreciation, federal excise taxes and weakened expansion costs. Productivity improvements helped partially offset the increase in expense. For example, through our ongoing efforts to optimize our trailer loads, we eliminated over 1000 loads per day, compared to the same time period last year. Turning to the holiday season in the U.S., our teams did an excellent job executing our plan and adjusting where appropriate. Early in the quarter volume came in stronger than expected. And we quickly adjusted the network by leveraging our weekend operations, package flow technology and automated facilities. Late in the quarter, volume levels were lower than we expected as Omicron and inventory challenges negatively impacted the enterprise retail sector. Again, our operators adjusted the network and importantly, also pulled out cost. We decreased staffing levels and returned rental equipment early, which helped to lower the year-over-year operating expense growth rate. The U.S. Domestic segment delivered $2.2 billion in operating profit, an increase of $786 million or 57% compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. And operating margin expanded 340 basis points to 12.2%. Moving to International, the segment delivered excellent results by focusing on revenue quality and adjusting network capacity. Because of tough year-over-year comps and COVID-19 dynamics, we anticipated a fourth quarter decline in average daily volume, which was down 4.8%. On a more positive note, product mix was favorable with B2B average daily volume up 4.7% on a year-over-year basis. This partially offset a decline in BSC volume, which was down 18.4% compared to an increase of 104% during the same period last year. In addition to tough year-over-year comps, total export average daily volume declined by 5.2% due to the decrease in volume between the UK and Europe arising from Brexit disruptions and from fewer flights coming out of Asia. In the fourth quarter, we operated 105 fewer flights than planned, primarily due to COVID-19. Despite these factors, for the fourth quarter, international revenue increased 13.1% to $5.4 billion. Revenue per piece increased 16.4%, including a 730 basis point benefit from fuel and a 340 basis point benefit from demand-related surcharges. The International segment delivered record operating profit and fourth quarter operating margin. Operating profit was $1.3 billion, an increase of 14.7%, and operating margin was 24.7%. Now looking at Supply Chain Solutions, the business segment delivered record fourth quarter top and bottom-line results as our team executed extremely well in a challenging environment. Revenue increased to $4.7 billion, up 6.7%, despite a $789 million reduction in revenue from the divestiture of UPS Freight. Looking at the key performance drivers, forwarding revenue was up 37.9% and operating profit more than doubled as global market demand remained strong and capacity stayed tight. International air freight kilos increased 3.3%. And in ocean freight volume growth on the trans-Pacific eastbound lane, our largest trade-lane grew 7.8%, which was more than twice the market growth rate. Within forwarding, our truckload brokerage unit grew revenue and profit by double digits, driven by revenue quality initiatives and strong cost management. And our healthcare portfolio delivered strong profits in the fourth quarter led by pharma and medical device customers. In the fourth quarter supply chain solutions generated strong operating profit of $456 million and delivered an operating margin of 9.7%. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $173 million of interest expense. Other pension income was $267 million, and lastly our effective tax rate came in at 22%. Now let me comment on our full year 2021 results. Starting at the consolidated level revenue increased $12.7 billion to $97.3 billion. We reduced our cost to serve through a combination of non-operating cost reductions along with improved productivity. We grew operating profit by $4.4 billion, an increase of 50.8% finishing the year at $13.1 billion. Operating margin was 13.5% an increase of 320 basis points. And for context, this is the highest consolidated operating margin we've had in 14 years. We increased our ROIC to 30.8%, an increase of 910 basis points. We generated $10.9 billion of free cash flow, an increase of 114% over 2020. And we strengthened the balance sheet by paying off $2.55 billion of long-term debt. And we reduced our pension liabilities by $7.8 billion, which improved our debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 1.9 turns compared to 3.6 last year. And we returned over $3.9 billion of cash to share owners through dividends and share buybacks. Now for a few full year highlights for the segments. In U.S. domestic, operating profit was up 62.7%, an increase of $2.6 billion to reach $6.7 billion for the full year. And we expanded operating margin to 11.1% a year-over-year increase of 340 basis points. International grew operating profit by $1.2 billion ending the year at a record $4.7 billion in profit and operating margin was 24.2%, an increase of 200 basis points. And supply chain solutions increased operating profit by $649 million, up 61.3% and delivered operating margin of 9.8%, 280 basis points above 2020. 2021 was an outstanding year for UPS, which brings us back to our outlook for 2022. Global GDP is expected to grow 4.2%. We are continuing to pay close attention to and manage through several external factors, including COVID-19, inflationary pressures, upstream supply chain constraints and labor shortages. As a result, we expect the environment to remain dynamic in 2022. Most importantly, within this backdrop, we will focus on controlling what we can control and continuing to advance our strategic initiatives. And as Carol stated, we expect to deliver our 2023 consolidated financial targets one-year early. So, looking at 2022 on a consolidated, revenues are expected to be about $102 billion, which takes into account the divestiture of UPS freight. Additionally, consolidated operating margin is expected to be approximately 13.7%. In U.S. domestic we anticipate revenue growth of around 5.5% with revenue per piece growing faster than volume. We expect pricing in the industry to remain firm and will continue to price based on the value we provide to our customers. As a result, we anticipate domestic operating margin will expand around 50 basis points in 2022. Lastly, in the U.S. we expect to deliver an incremental revenue-to-profit conversion percentage in the low-20s for the full year. Moving to the international segment, we expect to continue growing faster than the market. Revenue growth is anticipated to be approximately 7.7% with volume growing slightly faster than revenue. More specifically, we expect to grow faster in our transborder ground products. Additionally, we expect international demand related surcharges to remain elevated in 2022. Pulling it all together operating profit in the international segment is expected to increase around 5% and operating margin is anticipated to be around 23.6%. In supply chain solutions we expect revenue to be around $17 billion driven by continued strong growth in healthcare and elevated demand in forwarding. However, we expect ocean surcharge rates to moderate below 2021 peak levels. Therefore, we expect operating profit to be down from what we reported in 2021. Operating margin is expected to be about 9.4%. And for modeling purposes below the line, we anticipate $1.2 billion in other pension income, partly offset by $665 million in interest expense. The full year net impact is expected to be around $570 million, which can be spread evenly across the quarters. Now let's turn to full year 2022 capital allocation. As we discussed at last year's Investor and Analyst Day, we've transitioned to a discipline and programmatic approach to capital expenditures in line with the CapEx range we shared then, we expect 2022 capital expenditures to be about 5.4% of revenue or $5.5 billion. These investments will continue to improve overall network efficiency and move us further down the path to achieving our 2050 carbon neutral goal. About 60% of our capital spending plan will be allocated to growth projects and about 40% to maintenance. Let me give you a few project highlights. We have 30 delivery centers and two automated hub projects planned to be delivered this year. Combined, these projects will enable us to drive greater efficiency by better balancing sort capacity with delivery capacity. We will purchase over 3,700 alternative fuel vehicles this year, including around 425 arrival electric delivery vehicles to be deployed in the U.S. and in Europe. We will take delivery of two new 747-8 aircraft in 2022, which adds international capacity and will make pre-delivery payments on the 19 Boeing 767 freighters that we announced in December. The 767s are planned to enter our fleet between 2023 and 2025. And lastly, across these projects and others, our annual capital expenditures will again include over $1 billion of investments that support our carbon-neutral goals. Now let's turn to our expectations for cash and the balance sheet. We expect free cash flow of around $9 billion, including our annual pension contributions, which are equal to our expected service costs. As Carol mentioned, the Board has approved a dividend per share of $1.52 for the first quarter, which represents a 49% increase in our dividend. We are planning to pay out around $5.2 billion in dividends in 2022 subject to Board approval. We expect to buy back at least $1 billion of our shares, and we'll evaluate additional opportunities as the year progresses. We expect diluted share count to be about 880 million shares throughout the year. Finally, our effective tax rate is expected to be around 23%. In closing, the strategic and financial progress we've made in 2021 delivered consistent returns and created strong momentum as we entered 2022. We remain laser-focused on continuously improving our financial performance by enhancing revenue quality, reducing our cost-to-serve and staying disciplined on capital allocation. Thank you, and operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Hi. Good morning. Obviously, you have done a really good job on domestic profit per package in the fourth quarter and you gave some good color for 2022. Can you talk a little bit more about how you're thinking about the revenue per fees, cost per base and maybe what some of the key drivers are in 2022 around productivity? Thanks.
Brian Newman: Hi, Jordan, thanks for the questions. So, in 2022, we're thinking ADV, it will probably be in the low single digits, 1.5%. Revenue, we're expecting to be 5.5. As we think about that, SMB mix will continue to grow probably about 150 basis points. So slightly lower than the growth trajectory we saw in 2021, but continue to push, and that drives benefit on the revenue side. Demand surcharges are likely to be fairly flattish, and then fuel is going to be likely not as high as we saw in 2021. The rate, as you know, most of our contracts are locked in for multi-year contracts, so those rates are in place driving the 5.5% revenue growth. On the productivity side, we're going to build on the momentum we saw in Q4. Carol talked about the pieces per hour productivity over 1.5%, very, very favorable. We'll continue those trends and continue to take non-op cost out of the business. So, we feel good about the margin expansion of 50 basis points in the 2022.
Carol Tom: Maybe just a little more color on the productivity initiatives. Nando is doing  and team are doing a great job there. He's identified 10 key productivity initiatives in 2022, running anywhere from improving cube utilization, and we've already seen some good movement there, but we've got more to do, to basically making sure that we are adhering to our operating standards across the network. Further, we've got more non-ops cost reductions, don't we, and that's all part of our productivity initiatives. So, we feel very good about our ability to leverage expenses as we move into 2022.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks operator and everybody. Congrats on the results. I guess I had a two-parter, if I could. Just talking about productivity, Carol, in the domestic business to the lens of packages per direct labor hour, everybody is trying to figure out where the endpoint  or not the endpoint, what the potential is for domestic margins. And if we look at it through the number of packages per direct labor hour, where are you on that metric? How much further improvement do you think that's there through the CapEx that you're allocating to technology? Just give us a little bit  that may give us a little bit of a hint into what the further margin opportunities in 2022. And just as a follow-up, I was hoping you can also update us on the Amazon exposure as you typically do when you close out the year. Thank you.
Carol Tom: Sure. Well, I'm super excited about the productivity opportunities we have inside of our business. We're pretty good at what we do, but we can be even better. I think at the third quarter earnings call, we talked a lot about inside operations and how we're going about automating our inside operations. We have about 140,000 people inside of our operations. And through automatic bagging, automatic label application, robotic induction into the small sorts, there is a way to really drive productivity inside of the buildings. We also have an opportunity with the RFID project that we've just kicked off, smart package, smart facility. You can imagine our pre-loaders are manually scanning every package. That's 20 million-plus packages a day that are being manually scanned. That manual scan will disappear with the smart package, smart facilities. So, the opportunities are endless in many ways. To your question about where will the U.S. margin go? We have told you our goal is 12%. Let us get there. We'll ring the bell and then we'll reset it. As it relates to Amazon, as we talked to you at the end of the third quarter, Amazon's revenue surged with us during 2020 as a result of the pandemic. At the third quarter, their revenue as a percent of our total is trending more like what we experienced in 2019. And that's held true for the entire year. Amazon's revenue as a percent of our total for the year was 11.7% compared to 11.6% in 2019.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. I want to ask a little bit about international, a lot of moving parts there right now. You did talk about some SMB opportunity growth, and I know there's some white space that you're going after. Your margin for 2022 is certainly trending above that sort of 2023 target. Could you maybe help us understand the evolution of the international business? I know the surcharges come off potentially and  through that revenue quality focus versus that white space opportunity that you have there?
Carol Tom: Well, we're thrilled with our International business, and it's been challenging there because of COVID and they've done a masterful job of working through that. And the profitability is, as you point out, Allison, above where we thought we would be when we put together our three-year target. So, as we look to 2022, we anticipate that the ADV will actually grow faster than the revenue because of geo and mix changes. The team is really leaning into transborder Europe, excited about what we can do there. We do that, as you know, in an asset-light fashion, which is very value nutritive for our company. We're also liking the business  the opportunity to grow our Asian flights. And as you know, we added to new large freighters to help grow that space. Brian, anything you want to add?
Brian Newman: Well, I think, as we think about growing faster than the market, Carol, the DRS we see is remaining elevated. There's been a lot of challenges on the passenger side with the Asia lane. So, we expect, Allison, those surcharges to remain elevated this year. So, while there's an 80 basis point decline in margin year-over-year, 23.6 is actually ahead of where we thought we'd be in terms of the journey here. So, team is doing a terrific job.
Carol Tom: And I was remiss in not mentioning DAP. We've had such success with the DAP here in the United States, and we're taking our DAP platform outside the United States, which will be a driver of growth.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hi, good morning, Carol and Brian, obviously a great quarter and great job in following through on the better not bigger. So, my question is just on the pricing. Brian, you mentioned kind of most are locked into contracts. It sounded like it's a multiyear contract. Maybe dig into the sustainability of pricing growth. You hit 10% of domestic. You start lapping those double-digit growth levels as we entered 2022. Maybe talk about your thoughts there. And then just to wrap that up, peak was just so different this year. Is there something we should think about in the year ahead just because maybe costs were better because the network was flatter? So how should we think about the impact for next year?
Brian Newman: Yes, Ken, happy to talk about the revenue quality. It's been a hallmark of our success and I think underpinning the better not bigger. Look, I think Carol said at the investor conference, if we did one thing, which was get the SMB mix up to 30% that would basically deliver our 12% domestic margin. We were at 26.8% at the close of last year. We have plans to grow that by 150 basis points. We're investing in capability. We're very confident in our ability to do that. So, I like the sustainability from an SMB mix perspective. As you think about rate in the contracts, we're pushing around 60% in terms of renegotiating contracts. So, there is still mileage there to go from a sustainability standpoint. So overall, demand surcharges were elevated last year. So, we're not counting in the plan too much from an increase there. So, I think we feel not only is 2022 in good shape, but we've got room to run in 2023 and beyond.
Carol Tom: And the small package market is expected to grow about 5% in 2022. There is additional capacity being added, but not enough that's going to create surplus. So, the environment supports the firm pricing as we look to 2022.
Operator: Todd Fowler of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler: Great. Thanks, and good morning and congratulations on the strong results. Brian, I was curious if maybe you would share some of the shape of your expectations, particularly for U.S. domestic. I know that the comparisons are difficult in the first half of the year. But is the expectation that you're going to see that low single-digit volume growth pretty consistently and any directional comments on the expectations for that 50 basis points of margin improvement? Thanks.
Brian Newman: Yes, Todd, happy to. So, as we think about the volume, revenue and profit in the domestic business for 1H and 2H, I would tell you that revenue is going to be fairly balanced, maybe a little bit higher than the 5.5 in the second half right around or slightly lower. So, you can count on 5.5-ish as a good metric for the first and the second half in terms of growth rates. And actually, the operating margin of 11.6, I think that's a good number for you to hold for 1H and 2H because that's  from a planning perspective, we're also fairly balanced, might be a little bit softer volume in the first half of the year as we came out of the low retail sales report coming in December. Omicron obviously had a little bit of impact going into January. But overall, low single digit for the full year, we feel good about.
Carol Tom: And Brian, I feel terrible. We didn't answer Ben's [ph] questions about peak expectations. We just talked about pricing. So maybe we should talk a little bit about peak because I don't want to lose the opportunity to just give a shout-out to the team for operating in such a really interesting environment, where our volume was higher at the beginning of the quarter than we expected and lower at the end. Our team showed incredible agility to adjust to the market demands. And that's what you should expect going forward, incredible agility. We have built technology that's surpassed in the industry that allows us to react day by day to what we're seeing in the marketplace. We also have a different attitude, I think. So, we're not going to just keep vehicles and planes and people in place, hoping that the volume will come. We're going to react to the market and that really drove productivity. The other aspect of peak this year as we look forward that may not materialize next year, we don't think it will, is the slowdown in December retail sales. That was a function of Omicron and the low inventory to sales ratio and so many other factors. We would expect peak next year from a revenue mix to be more like what we've seen in the past, which is more enterprise business. So hopefully, those two dynamics are helpful as you think about peak of 2022.
Operator: Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. So, it looks like compensation and benefits as a percentage of revenue dropped about 45%, which is your lowest level in a while. I know some of that is obviously a benefit from your recent automation initiatives, but also, we are in a very inflationary labor environment. So would love your view on how that trends into 2022 and 2023. Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yes, let me please Carol.
Carol Tom: Go ahead.
Brian Newman: Ravi, look, the trends on comp and benefit we don't see anything extraordinary. Obviously, from a management compensation standpoint, delivering the targets, et cetera, will fluctuate in terms of the stock comp, et cetera. But we're looking to manage from a management compensation. Carol talked about agility. We're trying to think through from a field perspective manage the labor cost. We have a good handle on the union piece in terms of contractual rates and then we're pulsing MRAs as needed.
Carol Tom: And there are just a couple of nuances in the quarter when you look at the year-over-year performance. Remember last year, we had an impairment because of freight. So that was on the different line that was on the other expense line. But up on the comp and benefit line. freight had a $245 million impact year-on-year, didn't it? So, you've got to back the freight noise out to understand the real performance and comp and benefits.
Ravi Shanker: Thank you.
Operator: Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup, please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, great, thanks. Good morning. Maybe just a follow-up on pricing if you could just sort of give us an update on where you are in terms of the book of business in terms of domestic repricing? And then maybe how much you think you'll be getting in 2022? And if you can give us some help around the magnitude of some of these rate increases, I think it would be helpful. And then just want to understand also just kind of on the comment about Omicron impacting December volume activity. Is that in the rearview do you feel like you've kind of reaccelerated back to what you'd expect to be somewhat normal levels for this time of the year? Just want to get a sense of how that's playing out.
Brian Newman: Yes, happy to comment further on the pricing side. So, as we look at 2022, the composition of the roughly 4% RPP growth rate is going to be about 40% of that. As I think I mentioned, we're about 60% the way through with contract renegotiations, mix will be another 30%, and then fuel will actually contribute about 30%. They're all levers that we pull with respect to revenue management.
Carol Tom: And in terms of current trends, the first week of January, I'm like, where are the customers? Everybody seemed to be net home because of Omicron, but the business has come back roaring. So, we're feeling really good about the guidance that we've just given.
Chris Wetherbee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein, please go ahead.
David Vernon: You mentioned sixty-forty is the right split for growth to maintenance. How would that split look if we thought about domestic versus international? And just as a follow-up to that, if you could talk a little bit about how you're thinking about growing capacity in the domestic network longer term. I'm just wondering, if we think about a post-COVID world where supply chains are reorganizing, maybe a little bit more B2B growth, is the network ready for that kind of demand?
Brian Newman: Yes, David, happy to comment. So, as you think about the CapEx domestically, we're going to have about  of the $1.3 billion increase in CapEx from 2021 to 2022, 75% of that's going to go into car positions, we've got sortation capacity and tech automation, which Carol was referencing earlier, about 25% will be increasing the amount of vehicles and IT investments. So that's a relative split from a largely a domestic point of view. And in terms of capacity going forward, we're not just relying on capital. We're enhancing the weekend service to provide additional cat capacity, smoothing the days of the week. But we are putting 60% of our capital spend in 2022. The $5.5 billion is going towards growth. We're bringing on 30 delivery centers. We actually have 50 coming online, but 30 in the year. And then we've got a big hub  regional hub in Pennsylvania coming on as well.
Carol Tom: And as we think about the future, we really, over the past 18 months, have really worked to optimize our network and feeling good about that. That gives us the confidence in our ability to grow into the future and add capacity that will be nutritive to the return on capital and to the bottom line. But as Brian said, for our plans for 2022, we are well set to handle the volume that will come our way.
David Vernon: All right, thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning. Carol, I think, you said let us hit the 12% margin first, and then we'll kind of get back to you. So, I'm not looking for an update on that target. But I wondered if you could offer some kind of directional thoughts on when you get to 2023, do you shift the mix of focus to more volume growth or more revenue growth and less focus on margin improvement? Or do you think that you continue with what I'd characterize as a pretty balanced approach in terms of revenue growth and margin? And then I guess if I can sneak in another one on the Amazon mix, do you expect that percent of revenue to go down or to be kind of stable? Thank you.
Carol Tom: So, if we think about longer-term margin, I'd really like to get to that 12% number before we talk about longer-term margin. A year ago, we said on this call and we said we would have a double-digit operating margin in the U.S. and the action was, I don't think you are going to do that. Well, we showed that we could. Let us get to the 12% number, and then we'll come back and tell you where we think we're going to take the company. On the Amazon percentage of total revenue, it's totally a function of where the growth comes from. We have a great relationship with Amazon, and we have mutually agreed about the volume that we should take and the volume that they should keep that works best for both companies. And so, as we continue to lean into SMBs, and healthcare and B2B, you're going to see shifting of penetration, and we'll report that out to you as the time goes by.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays, please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey good morning. And thanks for taking my questions. I guess I don't want to focus too much on Amazon, but if I look at your average yield performance throughout the year, up double digits. And I think just back-of-the-envelope math here, your largest customer revenue would have been about flat year-on-year. Is there anything to suggest that maybe there was upwards of like a 10% volume shift to their internal network, Carol, off that last comment there?
Carol Tom: So, I will just tell you that their revenue grew with us in 2021.
Brandon Oglenski: Okay, thats right.
Carol Tom: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Brian Newman: Good morning.
Scott Group: So, I understand you don't want to talk about the U.S. margin targets, but maybe talk consolidated if we're getting there a year early, how you think about 2023. And then  Carol, sorry, I've got some background noise. So, you finished the year with around $10 billion of cash, $9 billion of free cash flow this year, $5 billion of dividend. Why not more buyback?
Brian Newman: So, Scott, it's Brian. I'm happy to take that. Our return to shareholders in 2021 was $3.9 billion. If you take the dividend and the buyback, that's going up to $6.2 billion this year. That's a 59% increase, pretty healthy. That said, we've declared the dividend. We told you to put $1 billion in your model for share repo. We do have authorization from the board, and we do have ample cash, should we want to get back into the market. So, I would tell you, take the $1 billion as a placeholder, and we'll update you as we go forward.
Carol Tom: I would say it's the floor. The authorization that's remaining is $4.5 billion.
Scott Childress: Thanks Scott
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Duane Pfennigwerth of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey good morning. Thank you. I appreciate the detailed segment guidance. But I wanted to get your thoughts on inflation as you look at the balance of the year. Do you expect consistent trends from first half to second half, or should we be thinking about a lower cost per package and lower required revenue per package growth to achieve the same margin expansion outcome at some point this year?
Brian Newman: From an inflation standpoint, I think we would look for higher growth in the first half of the year versus the second half of the year. So, as you think about cost per piece in the U.S. in particular, which is sort of 3-plus percent, I would expect that number to be higher in 1H and slightly lower in 2H with a few moving pieces.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks. And I wonder if I could get a second one here on returns, not returns on capital, which are great, but within the context of e-commerce returns. How big of a business is that for you? And can you talk about growth of that service within the context of your biggest enterprise customers? Thanks for taking the question.
Carol Tom: Well, we've been public on our holiday return estimate, $60 million packages and we're well on our way of meeting that number. Broadly speaking, we've got a really great return process for our largest customer, where recipients of packages from that customer can take them to a UPS store and we'll ship them back. It's a great experience. And as you know, we have over 5,000 UPS store locations. Think about the UPS store as just an extension of our network. I'm very excited about what we might be able to do with that asset. It's working for us really well now, but we can do even more with that asset.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. Congratulations and again thank you also for all that detail on the division outlooks. Carol, I want to focus a little bit on ESG here. You mentioned $1 billion of CapEx into carbon-neutral investments. You mentioned the 3,700 alternative fuel vehicles that you'll be bringing on next year. Right now, customers are choosing based on scarcity. But eventually, that's going to change and no doubt, the ESG conversations with your customers are picking up as well. Where are you ahead of the curve in terms of where you want to be right now on ESG? And where is there more work needed to be done?
Carol Tom: Well, this is part of our core values and has been part of our core values for a long, long time and we look at  for example, our automotive equipment is a rolling laboratory. We have 13,000 vehicles today that are powered by some sort of an alternative fuel, and we are continuing to invest in that as you heard from Brian. We've set forth measurable goals and milestones along the way to our goal of being carbon neutral by 2050 and some of the investments that we're making today are enabling that. The aircraft, for example that we are buying from Boeing are more energy-efficient. The automobiles that we're buying are more energy efficient and of course, we're moving to all-renewable energy to power our buildings. So, you can get all of these details in our ESG report, and we're committed to reaching that carbon-neutral goal by 2050. As it relates to customer needs, wants and desires it's starting to actually increase particularly outside of the United States. So, this isn't just good for the planet, it's good for business.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. That's the one.
Carol Tom: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. With the update of the operating target to the pull forward of 2023, I'm not sure how meaningful the three-year cash flow absolute numbers were. And I understand you don't want to guide 2023 early, but can you talk a little bit about anything you have visibility into on either CapEx or cash taxes, pension funding that would impact whatever profit trend that we assume for 2023 as far as the cash flow drop-down? Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yes. I think the free cash flow, Bascome, is going to dip by about $1.6 billion, $1.7 billion from 2021 to 2022. So, as you think about what's driving that, we had prefunded some of our service costs in 2020. So, if you take that $1.7 billion out, it's relatively flattish and I think for the moment, that's a good placeholder. We're throwing off a lot of cash. We're investing in the business to drive operating margin to improve operating cash flow. I don't see a big spike in CapEx anytime soon. If we increase CapEx, it's likely to be for automation to reduce cost, et cetera. But I don't want to get out ahead of my SKUs in terms of the 2023 guide at this point.
Bascome Majors: Thank you for that. And with respect to would you be comfortable issuing another long-term outlook now that you've pulled forward the one from last year? Any thoughts? Is that something that we could expect early next year? Or do you think you need to get through the teamsters negotiation to be able to have that level of certainty? Just any thoughts on when we might hear a longer-term update would be helpful? Thank you.
Carol Tom: Yes. It's a very fair question. If you don't know where you're going on any road, we'll get you there. So, we appreciate the need to give longer-term guidance. Let us get to our targets, and then we will come back and talk to you.
Bascome Majors: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Bascome.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jairam Nathan of Daiwa. Please go ahead.
Jairam Nathan: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, I just wanted to kind of  in terms of your better but not bigger strategy, is the company done with most of the areas where you would like to peel back? Or is there more to be done there?
Carol Tom: Oh, there's no finish line. We're just getting started in so many ways. When I think about our approach to enterprise data, I'm so excited about it. Today, we have data held in a number of data pools that aren't particularly clean. We've just kicked off an enterprise data strategy initiative that's going to clean up all that data, put it into eight domains. All the consuming applications will go into the domains. We'll have one version of the truth. That's going to drive productivity like we've never seen in this company. That's just one example of things that we got underway. So, there's just no finish line. Would you agree, Brian?
Brian Newman: Yes. No, we're very focused on a handful of wildly important initiatives, and that's sort of running the better not bigger playbook, and yes, there is no finish line, so a perpetual flywheel.
Jairam Nathan: And I was...
Carol Tom: Go ahead, Jairam.
Jairam Nathan: Yes. I'm specifically referring on the revenue side because if I look at your comments, you said Healthcare will be up about $2 billion in 2022 from 2021. I think DAP was about $0.7 billion, and then if I look at your revenue increase; it's about $5 billion. So, it looks like there is some  there's still left  some revenue left or some areas of revenue sources where you would be peeling back and saying, you're kind of getting out of the market. So, I just wanted to understand, is that the right way to think about it?
Carol Tom: So don't  we might have confused the messaging because we had some 2023 numbers and some 2022 numbers. The guide we gave was for 2022 and it may not look as aggressive as you might think. But remember there's freight sales that we are comping in 2021 that will not materialize in 2022 and that's about $1 billion of revenue. So, there's plenty of growth for us to go get plenty.
Jairam Nathan: Thanks.
Scott Childress: Steven, we've got time for one more question please.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. I'm going to ask on B2C versus B2B. Brian, how are we comparing now in that mix versus pre-COVID levels? And what's implicit in the guidance over 2022 about how you think each will play in the upcoming year? Thanks.
Brian Newman: Yes, Scott, good to hear from you. We finished the fourth quarter at 64% B2C. The guide for 2021 is  we'll be roughly in that 60  low-60s range as we go forward. So, we see it in kind of a low-60s range.
Carol Tom: Yes. For the full year, it was in the low-60s, wasn't it?
Brian Newman: Yes.
Carol Tom: It was 61/39. When I came to the company, the previous year it was more like 50/50. There's been a step change in the mix. I think it's going to stay around this 61/39 period, don't you?
Brian Newman: Agree. Agree. Thanks Scott.
Scott Schneeberger: Congratulations.
Carol Tom: Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the floor over to Mr. Brian Newman.
Brian Newman: Thank you, operator. I'd just like to take a minute as we close our call to announce a change within our Investor Relations group. Scott Childress has done an excellent job leading the IR team over the last six years, and I've asked Scott to take on an exciting new role within the finance team continuing to report to myself. Scott will transition his current IR role to Ken Cook, who most of you already know. Scott and Ken have worked together over the past couple of years to ensure a seamless transition. Scott, I know I speak for the entire executive leadership team when I express our sincere gratitude to you on a job well done. I'd also like to welcome Ken into his new role. So, thanks for dialing in today. We look forward to talking to you all soon, and this concludes our call.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 12:19:04) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kelly Johnson, and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations 3rd Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning and welcome to the UPS Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO, and Brian Newman, our CFO. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectation for the future performance or operating results of our Company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our 2020 Form 10-K, subsequently filed Form 10-Qs, and other reports we file with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission.  These reports when filed are available on the UPS investor relations website and from the SEC. For the third quarter of 2021, GAAP results included after-tax transformation and other charges of $54 million or $0.06 per diluted share. Unless stated otherwise, our comments will refer to adjusted results, which exclude transformation and other charges. The webcast of today's call, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, is available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference.  If you wish to ask a question, press 1 and then 0 on your phone to enter the queue. Please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now I will turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by thanking all UPSers for continuing to deliver great service to our customers. In the 17 months that I've been CEO, I've learned that no matter what comes our way, UPSers deliver. The third quarter brought several extreme weather events, including the widespread effects of Hurricane Ida in the U.S. But through it all UPSers leveraged the flexibility of our integrated network and a technology that powers it to deliver what matters. A little over one year ago, we laid out our better, not bigger framework, under a Customer First, People Lead, Innovation Driven strategy.  Inside that strategic framework is a focus on three main areas. First is to improve revenue quality, including growing SMB volume. Second is to reduce our cost to serve through productivity and cost take-out initiatives. And third is to effectively allocate capital to create a better customer experience, happier UPSers, and higher returns on the capital we deploy. While it is early in the execution of our strategy, the progress we are making is clearly visible in our results. Looking at the third quarter, our performance was better than we anticipated. Consolidated revenue rose 9.2% from last year to $23.2 billion driven by another quarter of improved revenue quality across all three of our operating segments.  Consolidated operating profit grew 23.4% to $3 billion driven by solid revenue growth and strong expense control. Each of our segments delivered year - over - operating profit improvement, and double-digit operating margins. And for the first 9 months of 2021, UPS has generated more operating profit than any full year in our history. Brian will share the details of our performance shortly. As we've discussed, we are laser-focused on adding capabilities that enable UPS to grow with SMB. These improvements also benefit large customers that value our end-to-end network. Expanded weekend delivery services is one of our new capabilities. This initiative will be completed in the U.S. as planned by the end of this week.  We will now cover about 90% of the U.S. population on Saturday for both residential and commercial, pickups and deliveries. In addition, expanded Saturday services provides more capacity for Sunday SurePost delivery. The best part of our weekend delivery program is that we've unlocked additional network capacity that benefits all customers without deploying additional capital. And we've done this while expanding our U.S. operating margin on a year-over-year basis. As we look at our third quarter results, we see that SMB 's value the new capabilities we are providing. In the U.S., SMB average daily volume including platforms was up 10.9% year-over-year. In fact, we've seen strong growth here for the past 6 quarters. In the third quarter, SMB s made up 27.4% of our total U.S. volume, up 380 basis points from 1 year ago.  And outside the U.S., SMB average daily volume growth was 3.9%. We see many opportunities to grow our international SMB volume as we continue to improve our digital experiences and roll out DAP, our digital access program to customers outside of the U.S. Let me also touch on SMB s and healthcare. When COVID-19 vaccines were rolled out late last year, the world turned to UPS, and we were ready with connected capabilities, technology, and expertise. Our brand relevance here is attracting new SMB healthcare customers and significantly driving profit growth in the sector. And just on COVID-19 vaccines, we are on track to deliver more than 1 billion vaccine doses by the end of this year, with 99.9% on-time delivery.  Moving to productivity, we are relentlessly focused on reducing our cost to serve, and we're making good progress. While Brian will go through the details, I'll call out a few highlights. In the U.S., we drove a measurable improvement in productivity as PPH or pieces per hour increased by 2.5%. Additionally, as Nando described at our June Investor Day, through our ongoing efforts to optimize loads in our trailers, cube utilization in the third quarter was up 520 basis points versus last year.  This helped us eliminate more than 10% of daily trailer loads year-over-year. And as we've discussed previously, we are creating fewer but more impactful jobs. So to reduce turnover and improved productivity, we are converting around 1,000 part-time supervisor positions in our operations into nearly 400 full-time positions at no additional cost to our Company. Turning to what we referred to as Transformation 2.0 or plans to optimize our non-operating expense, we are on track to eliminate $500 million in non-operating costs this year with about $500 million of additional opportunity in 2022.  Finally, our third area of focus is disciplined capital allocation. Since we began executing our strategy, we've seen marked improvement in our employee satisfaction and competitive Net Promoter Scores due in part to how we've allocated capital to enhance the employee and customer experience. In October, we completed the acquisition of Roadie, a technology platform that also provides delivery services for packages that don't lend themselves to our small package network. We are delighted to welcome the Roadie team to UPS. We continue to be disciplined in our capital spending practices. This discipline, plus record earnings yield a significant amount of cash. So far this year, we've generated a record $9.3 billion in free cash flow.  And we expect full-year 2021 return on invested capital to be around 29%, which is a 730-basis point improvement from what we reported at the end of last year. Turning to the Fourth Quarter, the global supply chain market is challenging. There are capacity, congestion, and cost concerns. But for UPS, our outlook is positive. As once we get a package, we get it delivered. Outside of the U.S. where we peak, we are ready, and tight capacity benefits our freight forwarding business. In the U.S., we project a robust peak season. And through our planning efforts, we believe we are well on our way to deliver a peak that will be a win for UPS shippers, recipients, and shareowners. Let me share a few details.  To begin with, the calendar is helpful as we have 1 more of peak-operating day than last year. Further, we've expanded weekend delivery and added additional sorting capacity. Nonetheless, we expect consumer demand will outpace capacity in the market. We began collaborating with our largest customers several months ago and we'll stay in close contact with them during the holiday shopping season. Our technology allows us to match daily capacity with customer demand. And where we need to, we will again control the amount of volume that enters our network.  These actions will minimize chaos costs and enable high service levels. On the labor front, we've digitized and simplified our job application process, enabling qualified applicants to receive a job offer within 30 minutes of applying. In parts of the country, labor costs are higher than they were last year, but we are effectively managing through that cost pressure. When you add it up in the fourth quarter, we expect to generate record consolidated operating profit and expand operating margin year-over-year. While we are laser-focused on peak, our business doesn't end on December 31st. Later this week, we will release our U.S. general rate increase.  The 2022 increase will be 5.9%, reflecting the value of the services we offer and cost inflation pressures. The details will be posted to ups.com. As we move ahead, we will continue to execute by leveraging our global smart logistics network, our amazing UPSers and a strategy that's driving strong financial results today and positions us well for the future. Thank you. And now I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman : Thanks, Carol, and good morning. In my comments today, I will cover four areas, starting with the macro-overview, then our third quarter results. Next, I'll review cash and share owner returns. And lastly, I'll wrap up with some comments on our outlook for the full year. Let's start with the macro. In the third quarter, the global economy continued its strong growth despite the dampening effects of COVID-19 and inflation, along with shortages in inventory and labor. Within this backdrop, demand for our services remained high and the pricing environment in the industry was firm.  We expect similar dynamics in the fourth quarter. And as we demonstrated in the third, we will continue to execute our strategy and capture profitable growth opportunities in the market. IHS is forecasting fourth quarter global GDP will grow 3.8%, and U.S. GDP is expected to grow 4.9%, which remain above historic GDP growth rates. Moving to our third quarter consolidated performance. The progress we've made to improve revenue quality, enhance productivity, and allocate capital is driving strong top and bottom-line results. Consolidated revenue increased 9.2% to $23.2 billion.  Consolidated operating profit totaled $3 billion, 23.4% higher than last year. All 3 segments generated record third quarter operating profit and achieved double-digit operating margins in the quarter. Consolidated operating margin expanded to 12.8%, which was 150 basis points above last year. And diluted earnings per share was $2.71, up 18.9% from the same period last year. Now let's take a look at the segments. Our results in U.S. domestic were better than we anticipated. Principally, due to higher than planned for improvements in revenue per piece and productivity gains. As we expected, average daily volume in the U.S. was down 540,000 pieces or 2.7% due to a decline in SurePost of 576,000 packages per day.  This decline was partially offset by growth in ground commercial volume. Our results reflect the continued execution of our strategy to win in the most attractive parts of the market. In fact, customer mix continued to be positive as higher-yielding SMB average daily volume, including platforms was up 10.9%. And in the third quarter, SMB has made up 27.4% of U.S. domestic volume compared to 23.6% last year. Regarding our delivery mix, our commercial business continued to recover and grew 6.8%, representing 42% of our volume in the third quarter, compared to 39% in the third quarter of last year. Nearly all industry sectors grew B2B average daily volume, including retail and high tech.  For the quarter, U.S. domestic generated revenue of $14.2 billion up 7.4% driven by a 12% increase in revenue per piece with fuel driving 270 basis points of the revenue per piece growth rate. Turning to costs, total expense grew 5.8% with fuel driving 180 basis points of the year-over-year expense growth rate. Through our focus on productivity, overall improvements led by our inside sort operations and on-road activities helped offset the market rate adjustments we implemented in certain geographies, as well as the cost of expanding Saturday delivery. And as Carol mentioned, a key measure of UPS productivity is pieces per hour. And in the third quarter, we made improvements in nearly every area of our operations led by preload, which improved by 6.5%.  Combined, these improvements contributed to a decrease in direct labor hours per day of 5.1%. In summary, revenue growth was above expense growth, which generated positive operating leverage. The U.S. domestic segment delivered $1.4 billion in operating profit, an increase of $281 million or 24.8% compared to last year. And operating margin expanded 140 basis points. Moving to international, the segment continues to generate strong profit growth driven by the execution of our strategy. Due to tough year-over-year comparisons and some supply chain disruptions, growth in average daily volume moderated in the third quarter and was up 1.9%.  B2B average daily volume grew 3.8% on a year-over-year basis and offset a decline in B2C volume which was down 2.3%. On a two-year stack, total average daily volume was up 14%. Total export, average daily volume was up 1.3% on a year-over-year basis. Export growth in Europe and the Americas offset a 4.8% decrease in export average daily volume out of Asia. The decline in Asia was due to difficult comps from a year ago and the implementation of network contingency plans in response to COVID-19 protocols at select airports. Relative to our plan, we had 137 fewer flights out of Asia than we anticipated.  For the quarter, international revenue was up 15.5% to $4.7 billion with strong growth across all regions. Revenue per piece was up 14%, including a 500-basis point benefit from fuel. Revenue quality improved on a year-over-year basis as we continue to utilize surcharges to match demand with available capacity. In the third quarter, international delivered its fourth consecutive quarter of profits over $1 billion. Operating profit was $1.1 billion, an increase of 14%, and operating margin was 23.5%.  Now looking at supply chain solutions, the segment delivered record third quarter top and bottom-line results as the team executed exceptionally well in a dynamic environment. Revenue increased 8.4% to $4.3 billion with all major business categories contributing to profit growth. Market demand remained elevated with a couple of key profit drivers. In forwarding, capacity constraints and consumer demand in the market drove volume growth in air freight forwarding and strong yields in our ocean freight product, which drove top and bottom-line results. And in logistics, revenue and operating profit grew by double digits led by our healthcare portfolio.  In the Third Quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated record operating profit of $448 million, and the operating margin was an impressive 10.5%. As a reminder, this is our first full quarter without UPS Freight results. given that we closed the sale on that business on April 30th of this year. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $177 million of interest expense. Our other pension income was $285 million. And lastly, our effective tax rate came in at 22.3%, which was lower than last year due to favorable changes in jurisdictional tax rates and discrete items.  Now let's turn to cash in the balance sheet. We are generating strong cash flow from our disciplined focus on capital allocation and growth in net income. So far in 2021, we have generated a record $11.8 billion in cash flow operations and $9.3 billion in free cash flow. And in the first 9 months of this year, UPS has distributed $2.6 billion in dividends. In August, we announced a $5 billion share repurchase plan with the intent to repurchase $500 million of shares in 2021, which we completed in the third quarter. We expect to execute the remainder of the program over the next few years. Now I will make a few comments regarding the full-year outlook. We are continuing to pay close attention to and manage through several external factors, including COVID-19, inflationary pressures, and inventory and labor shortages.  Despite these challenges, consumer demand is expected to be strong during peak season and in the fourth quarter. Due to our third quarter out-performance combined with the progress we are making with our strategic initiatives and our increased fourth quarter plan, we are raising our full-year guidance. On a consolidated basis, we expect full year 2021 revenue growth of around 13.8% year-over-year, which takes into account the divestiture of UPS Freight. Additionally, consolidated operating margins should be around 13%. In U.S. domestic, we anticipate full-year 2021 revenue growth of about 12.7% with revenue growing faster than volume.  We anticipate the full year 2021 U.S. operating margin will be around 10.5%. As you update your models for the U.S. domestic segment, there are a couple of things to keep in mind as we get into the fourth quarter. First, as usual, enterprise and B2C volume will represent a larger percentage of our total volume due to peak when compared to the rest of the year. And second, we are lapping more than $550 million in peak season surcharges in addition to the early customer pricing actions we implemented last year as a part of our revenue quality initiatives. As a result, we expect a sequential revenue per piece growth rate to moderate in the fourth quarter.  Moving to the international segment, we expect full-year revenue growth of around 20.7%, with an operating margin of about 23.9%. And in the Supply Chain Solution segment, we anticipate full-year revenue growth of around 10.3% and operating margin of about 10%. Additionally, for the full year in 2021, we expect free cash flow to be around $10.5 billion, and return on invested capital will be around 29%. Capital expenditures are now expected to be approximately $4.2 billion. And lastly, our effective tax rate for the full year is expected to be about 22.5%. As I wrap up, the economic outlook and the effects of our revenue quality, and productivity initiatives are putting us well on our way to achieving the high end of our 2023 targets that I shared with you in June.  We are executing our strategy under the better, not bigger framework and delivering on our commitments, despite a very dynamic environment. We are laser-focused on improving revenue quality, reducing our cost to serve, and remaining disciplined on capital allocation to improve the experience for our customers, and our people, and the financial performance of our Company. Thank you. An operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from the line of Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Todd Fowler: Great. Thanks and good morning. Congratulations on the good performance in a tough environment. Carol, I wanted to start with the increase in cost per piece in the U.S. domestic segments. It sounds like fuel was a component there. Also, it sounds like you're seeing some cost pressure. But can you talk a little bit about your ability to get out in front of or ahead of that and start to see cost per piece start to slow as we move into 2022 and kind of how you view that as a normalized or what a normalized rate for that should be going forward? Thanks.
Carol Tome: Happy to. We were very pleased with the productivity that the team delivered in the third quarter with our cost per piece increasing at a lower rate than our revenue per piece. There were lots of goes ins and goes outs that Brian can share with you. But look, productivity is a virtuous cycle here at UPS, and I'm super proud of what Nano and the team are doing in terms of driving more pieces per hour and higher cube utilization. And actually, as we look into '22 driving automation in our facilities, as we've talked about, we have about 141,000 people inside of our buildings. And through automation, we'll be able to optimize that cost. But, Brian, maybe you want to give a little more detail on the third quarter cost per piece.
Brian Newman : Happy to, Carol, and good morning, Todd. Look, our cost per piece in the U.S. was up about $0.95, and there were four big drivers. The union benefits and wages were up about $0.30. Our fastest ground ever weekend initiatives contributed 16. You're right, fuel did drive plus $0.20. It's about $0.19 of the total increase. And then we had some other items like the excise tax, lap, etc. But from a growth perspective, Todd, we saw about 10.4% CPP increase in the third quarter. You'd expect that to go down to mid-single-digits in the fourth quarter if we think about the trajectory.
Todd Fowler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Ravi Shanker: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Can you give us an update on  and the  customer volumes you did in 3Q. And also regarding your largest customer, you shed some light on how that relationship is going. I think you said that you are working to agree with them for fourth quarter, but  also said that you expect that relationship will change over time. So if you can give us some color there, that would be great. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Sure. So if we think about the growth of enterprise customers versus the rest of the business, we declared and called out the growth that we saw in our SMB customers with an increasing penetration and SMB customers, that means the enterprise customers declined a bit as we expected. For a couple of reasons, one, we were up against tough year-over-year comparisons. Secondly, we're controlling the volume that comes into our network, because we are laser-focused on revenue quality. We used to think that every package was the same, we don't think that anymore. For some shippers, we're no longer delivering their packages and that's okay with us. Now, if we think about our largest customer, we've got a great relationship with our largest customer. And really, I'm pleased where that relationship stands. Last year volume with that customer surged as you would expect, because of the impact of COVID-19, and the shift in e-commerce demand. This year by look at the volume with our largest customer as a percent of total volume, for the first 9 months of this year, it's trending at where it was back in 2019. And we continue to support their customer as they continue to grow, but we're not their supply chain, we're just part of their supply chain.
Ravi Shanker: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi, please go ahead with your question.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Just taking a look at some of the implied Fourth Quarter guidance, particularly on the domestic side. So it seems like from a margin standpoint, we're looking at a fairly similar quarter than what we had in the Third Quarter, And from an operating profit perspective, maybe even a little bit more growth than we saw in the Third Quarter. So maybe you could give us a little bit of color. You mentioned some of the surcharges that you're lapping in the Fourth Quarter. Can you talk a little bit about the pricing dynamic, and then ultimately, how you feel like you're managing through some of the cost inflation that's out there in the market and maybe give us an update on how you think about that hourly labor cost inflation, just because it looks like the profit, forecast is actually very good relative to what we've seen in, even here in the Third Quarter.
Brian Newman : Chris, happy to -- I want to pick that up. The spread, which we so focused on between RPP and CPP in the third quarter was 12% RPP and 10.4% in CPP. We're looking to maintain that spread as we go into the fourth quarter, but your RPP would likely come down in the high single-digits and your CPP have come down into mid-single-digit. So as we think about it, you highlighted the lapping of the $550 million of surcharges from last year were also from a volume perspective, we grew SMB ADV last year in the fourth quarter by 28.5%. So there was some elements year-over-year-over-year. That's one of the reasons I called out on my prepared remarks, this sequential moderation on the pricing, but we have confidence that we can pull the cost per piece down. So in terms of the pricing environment, we expect it to be firm in the fourth quarter and feel good about the outlook.
Carol Tome: And maybe we'll talk a little bit about the cost inflation question that you had. If you think about our employee base in the United States, we have about 458,000 UPSers in the United States. 75% of them are covered by some sort of a collective bargaining agreement. So we have a good idea of what the compensation is for those employees, and we manage through that. Now with turnovers, sometimes we do have to make market rate adjustments to attract people into our Company. We've been able to cover those market rate adjustments with productivity. So I feel really good about our ability to manage through the labor cost inflation that many companies are struggling with today.
Chris Wetherbee: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks. Good morning. Carol, on the SMB volumes, can you just talk about how your share with D3 and then D4 S&P volumes are trending versus a year ago, because I think that's the area where you guys have been under-penetrated. And then just following up on the last point you made. Can you talk about the priorities with respect to the union negotiations? Those are going to be here sooner than anybody realizes. But just wondering what your priorities are in those negotiations that will allow the Company to be more competitive and deliver on the long-term plan?
Carol Tome: Yes. Happy to. So on the S&P question, we look at S&P through a series of segments. We used to call them by numbers. Now we actually have names attached for those segments. But happy to say that they're all growing. And that's what we want to see, is growth in all segments, from the medium-sized down to the micro-end platform side. So we're delighted with the growth in all of those categories. And as it relates to the union question, look, we want to win, win, win at the end of the day, and we're looking at this through the lens of a strategy rather than just a negotiation. In fact, we have a board meeting next week, and we're going to talk to them about how we're approaching this. It's different than we've done in the past and we'll keep you apprised as we go along. Brian, is there any other color you want to share on the SMB front?
Brian Newman : No, Carol. We had good growth. It moderated, obviously, with some of the overlaps. I did call out though, in the fourth quarter last year, we posted 28.5% growth. So as we think about this fourth quarter, you might look for lower growth rates, but the mix has been holding steady at that 27%. So as we think back to last year, we were in the low 20s. We're well on our way up into the high 20s, and our goal by 23 is to get to that 30% as a mile marker.
Carol Tome: And couldn't be more pleased with the progress we're making on the 16 customer journeys that we've shared with you because our SMBs are really responding to those journeys. And it's not just good for SMBs, it's good for all customers. We're just improving the overall experience.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
David Vernon: Thanks, Operator, and good morning, guys. So Brian and Carol, I was hoping to talk a little bit about a longer-term issue around when did -- what level of domestic margins you want to see before you think about allocating a little bit more capital into the domestic business? I know you've been pretty clear that ADV in the next couple of years should be in that 2% to 3% range. But how do we think about the level of profitability you want to achieve in that domestic segment before you maybe think about allocating a little bit of capital and driving growth at a little faster rate on the volume front?
Brian Newman : Dave, thanks for the question. So we've laid out the trajectory here and the domestic is to move that business up to 12% by '23. The full-year forecast now stands at 10 and 1/2. So we're well on our way to that journey. We are actually allocating capital -- growth capital to the domestic segment, but we're doing it in a very disciplined way. We're trying to create some more capacity in the network by sweating our assets, opening up weekend, etc. So there's a few variables at play here. I will come back to you on the next quarter call when we talk about the '22 guide and break down the capital for you.
Carol Tome: And just on that point, I called out weekend delivery and how important that is for our customer experience. Last Saturday, we delivered 6 million packages. A year ago, that would've been basically nothing. And we did that without adding any incremental capital spending into network. We just opened up the network to add capacity. So we're going to make sure that this network is as optimized as it possibly can be before we start investing a lot of additional capacity then. But when it's as optimized as it possibly can be, then we'll add more capital.
Brian Newman : And then we'll unpack for you the shifting capital domestically may go from the buildings to more technology. And we talked about the smart package initiatives. So as Carol mentioned, making the experience a better one for our customers. Those are the things we want to unlock and invest in.
David Vernon: All right. Thank you, guys, that's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Allison Poliniak: Hi. Good morning. Just want to focus on your comments around optimizing the existing labor for us. I guess first, you highlighted the benefit of the key utilization efforts and reducing the direct labor hours. When does that start to accelerate from here? And then second, just automation, obviously a longer tail to get benefits. But any other choke points that you're looking to address first, any color there? Thanks.
Carol Tome: Well, we are all in on smart package and automation. And we've kicked off two big projects to attack those opportunities. Smart package alone by putting RFID tags on our packages are pre -loaders. The men and women who are loading our packaged cars for delivery will eliminate manual scans because they'll have a wearable device. That means they'll be eliminating 20 million manual scans a day. That alone drives productivity. And then when you think about the cool technology that we're going to introduce into our buildings, automated label application, automated bagging, robotic induction into the packaged cars, there's just a ton of opportunity here to drive automation in ways that we haven't done before. I'm really excited about that. Brian, what else do you want to add?
Brian Newman : I think, from a cost perspective, Allison, we talked -- Carol talked about 75% of the workforce being under a contract, and that gives us some certainty of our largest cost expense going forward to plan that. Look, it is a dynamic environment though going into fourth quarter, and I talked last call about some of the MRAs, the market rate adjustments we're doing for the part-timers, we've increased that amount in our forecast, but that's embedded and captured already within the 10.5 margin I put out there. So I think we're -- we have a good line of sight to the future, and we're prepared for it.
Allison Poliniak: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Jairam Nathan of Daiwa. please go ahead with your question.
Jairam Nathan: Hi, thanks for taking my question. It is somewhat connected to the earlier question here. So I just want to understand, you talked about pieces per hour being a metric. What is the -- what kind of potential do you see? If you could also give us some perspective on where pieces per hour was about 2, 3 years back and how much of a further reduction you can see.
Carol Tome: As we looked at our productivity results in the third quarter, you have to go back to 2016 to see that kind of productivity. So it's a dramatic improvement driven by just the great work of our operating team and our engineers. Once the potential, we're going to get better, quarter after quarter after quarter, and we'll report to you as we do that.
Jairam Nathan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Scott Group: Thanks. Good morning. I know it's a bit early, but Carol, maybe -- can you talk about the pricing outlook for next year and your ability to maintain inflation plus pricing again next year? Just along those lines, I think you guys have talked about 100 base points of U.S. margin improvement next year. Do you still feel good about that from the higher 2021 base now within the guidance?
Carol Tome: Well, we're putting the finishing touches on our 2022 plan, and we'll tell you what we think about 2022 at the end of the fourth quarter. As it relates to the pricing environment, we mentioned in the call today that our general rate increase is 5.9%. We've also made some other adjustments in pricing, and then you can go on the website to see all of those. It includes the 1% increase in fuel that goes in in November of this year. So we priced our products for the services and value associated with those products.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with your question.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good morning. On international margins, higher than we expected in the third quarter, and it sounds like it's going to remain elevated in the fourth. Could you just talk about the sustainability? It looks like it's trending nicely above the 2023 guide. So just some thoughts on the puts and takes in the quarter and which -- what we should expect a little bit more color on the fourth quarter with regard to international volume in March. Thanks.
Brian Newman : Yeah. Thanks, Scott. The -- you're right. We delivered a 24% margin internationally in the first half of the year, and we're looking to do the same in the second half of the year. So full-year will be right at that -- should be right at that number. We did experience some challenges in the quarter with some of the lanes out of Asia. But as we think about the tight supply chains, we don't expect to see the demand surcharges fall off anytime soon. So where we feel confident through most of '22 that those surcharges would remain and the Asia lane does matter the most. And we don't see belly capacity returning to pre -pandemic levels until '23. So hopefully, both of those things should maintain demand for both our international small package and for the supply chain business.
Scott Schneeberger: Okay, thanks.
Brian Newman : Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Jordan Alliger: Hi, morning. Just quick follow-up around pricing. Can you talk maybe of -- update us where you think you maybe in terms of the actual quarter re-pricing of contracts, especially on the enterprise business? And then the revenue per piece up 12% domestically, any sense how mix impacted that and -- specifically, of course, in the underlying profitability better with these SMBs, etc.? Thanks.
Carol Tome: Do you want to unpack the RPP?
Brian Newman : Sure happy to. Jordan so the -- in Third Quarter, a little over 1/2 came from rate this quarter and the balance and surcharges and mix. Where we are in the turning, we're in the low 40s in terms of contract renegotiation, in terms of that cycle.
Carol Tome: And that's contract re-negotiations have gone very favorably half a day
Brian Newman : We have indeed, yes.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Duane Pfennigwerth of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks. Good morning. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about supply chain constraints into the ports and how you think about the net impact of this environment to the domestic segment specifically. Supply chain urgency tilts more to air cargo, but perhaps throughput from the ports is not as high as it could be. So how do you think about the net impact of this tightness and could we see an elongated peak? Thanks for taking the question.
Carol Tome: Yeah, it's such an interesting , isn't it? We are hearing from surveys that consumer reserve quite panicked about this because supply chain jams are all over the news. And in fact, some things like a holiday shopping will be completed by Cyber Monday or 50% of holiday shopping will be completed by Cyber Monday. As a result, some of our customers are actually pulling forward promotions. And we saw that last week as an example, our volume was quite good, because of promotions that our retail customers were offering.  So I think everyone is trying to work through the supply chain demand to ensure a good holiday season. There's also a belief that there will be more gift cards sold this year than in prior years, which should suggest that packages will continue to be delivered post the holiday. That's kind of elongates the holiday shipping season in a way, as we think about what it means for us right now, others make your real for you for the ports in California. And a lot of discussion about the ports in Los Angeles and at Long Beach.  We have hubs very close to those ports. We received containers from those ports through a drop ship arrangement with a third-party. So when people say there's a supply shortage of truck drivers, it's true because this third-party is delivering those containers to our hubs. We have capacity of -- as an example, of one of our hubs parks 70 containers today, we're only getting about 50 of those containers.  So it is slowing down, the flow of packages. Now, as soon as we get it, get it delivered. So our business is doing well, but in terms of the end-to-end supply chain, it's jammed upstream. So when the administration -- the Biden administration recently announced we're going to have efforts to operate these ports at 24/7, we said, that's great news because if you can pull the containers off the ships, and then get them dropship to us, we've got the capacity to take on those containers. So we're here ready and able to support anything that we can do to unlock some of that jam.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you.
Carol Tome: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, good morning. Congrats on a solid quarter. Just looks like, Brian, the 12.7% domestic growth, pretty solid with the 10.5% margin, pretty solid outlook. Just wanted to see where you think you're seeing some acceleration or improvement to get that. And I guess, Carol, you mentioned the $500 million of productivity, not only this year, but next year. Maybe you can talk or walk us through what is leading that for next year. Is that same thing labor or are there shifts and where you're getting those cost cut?
Brian Newman : So Ken, we obviously had a good top-line results in the third quarter and we expect to see spread continuing. We are pushing hard on the productivity lever. There's not often there's ops, we've talked to you about that non-op piece and that will repeat next year. So we'll get to a billion dollars over the two-year period and we feel confident in that. The productivity side is the thing that took a little longer to kick in. But the optimization right now, as we think about cube utilization, I think our track -- our trailers were down about 10% in terms of utilization, which is a great stat.  And I talked about direct labor hours being down 5 relatives to volume. So we're going to track those metrics very closely on the pieces per hour, the cube utilization and, and watch those as we go into next year. But we feel good about maintaining the margin spread from Q3 to Q4 in terms of the Delta thing, RPP and CPP. And as Carol mentioned, we'll come back in the Fourth Quarter, and talk about the trajectory of margin expansion for '22.
Ken Hoexter: Thanks Brian
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Bruce Chan of Stifel, please go ahead with your questions.
Bruce Chan: Thank you, operator. And Good morning, everyone. Team, great results for the quarter here. Just a question on the international side, can you remind us what your approximate market share is on the European export? And when we think about the better not bigger strategy, does that apply in Europe as well? Got a competitor that's turning the corner on a major integration there next year, and just kind of wondering what your baseline expectations are for how that affects the competitive dynamics in that market.
Carol Tome: Well, our market share in export is low. We're taking share on the ground in Europe. And I couldn't be prouder of what the team is doing outside the United States to grow this business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking the question. So just a quick point of clarification, but it sounds like your largest customer volumes are trending in line with your enterprise customers. I think that's what I heard. But then I guess the bigger issue for me, Carol or Brian, how do you guys leverage this -- your technology package? What is innovative about working with UPS for a small, medium-sized business or shipper that would be differentiated from someone that's running a much larger business?
Carol Tome: It's the end-to-end network, it's not just the technology solution. It's what we offer from an end-to-end perspective. On the technology side, we are laser-focused on making sure every experience is best in class. So we've talked to you in the past about our billing system. When you compared our billing system against every other player out there, we were not best in class. We were worst in class. So we've just introduced a new billing system, and all of the attributes and applications associated with that billing system are now best-in-class. So we're -- in many ways, we're fortunate that we hadn't invested so much in the past, because now we can leap frog everybody else with new.  And with those 16 customers earnings that were well down the road, that creates a sticky experience with those customers. We've created APIs that are unique to them, so their systems can link in with us. It's really important when you think about our digital access platform and how we connect to those platforms like Shopify and Stamps and eBay and all the other platforms that we interact with. In fact, our DAP business, well, it'll be way over a billion-dollar business this year and growing. Brian, anything you want to add?
Brian Newman : I just highlight 3 things from a technology standpoint. We're thinking about what's important to customer. You got claims, you've got lost packages, you've got pricing. On the claims front, we're speeding up the claims process and simplifying that using some technology. On the loss package, which is really important, Carol talked about the RFID, the investment there to drive tracking of packages. And then on the pricing front, we're piloting right now, dynamic pricing, which will make it more effective and optimize the pricing in the areas. So those are just three ways that we're employing technology to make the customer experience more effective.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of Barclays. Please go ahead with your question. Excuse me, UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good morning. Tom Wadewitz at UBS. I know you've talked a fair bit about labor and inflation. I am going to ask you a little bit more about it. Brian, you said the market rate adjustment is above 100 million, but you didn't quantify that. Would you care to tell us what that is? Is it 150, is it 200, maybe just to ballpark it. And then just wanted to get a broader thought on labor impacts from an availability perspective. I don't know maybe how much visibility you have with 100,000 seasonal workers in peak. And just whether you think that labor market stabilized or is that something we ought to think about further pressure as we go into 22? Thank you.
Brian Newman : Tom, good to hear you and you're still UBS. I like that. So the increase in the MRA s, I talked last call, we were spending about 80 to 100 in terms of the market rate adjustments to remain competitive in certain geographies. We've had in our forecast, that was for the second half of the year, we've got to increase that range, move the 80 to 100, up to 100 to 130. So it's bumped up marginally. But I will say, all of that increase is embedded within the 10.5% full-year domestic margin outlook.
Carol Tome: And then on the labor front, maybe I'll give you some color. Is really interesting when you look at the labor dynamics, there are 5 million fewer jobs in the United States today than there were pre -pandemic. And yet they're only 4 million, so a lot . So there's not excess demand. The problem is that everybody is rushing to fill up the jobs. And so that's why you see so much pressure out there because as the economy has opened up, everyone's rushing to fill the jobs. Now, in some ways we got ahead of it because if you think about last year when our volume surged, we hired 40,000 people in the second quarter. So we got ahead of some of the challenges by hiring last year.  Now, we are heading into peak where we do hire 100,000 seasonal workers. We are pretty good at this. We've done this for the past several years. The environment is different than it's ever been for sure. But we're all hands-on deck. We have hundreds of recruiters that are working for us. These are UPSers as well as partners that we work with outside of the . We have simplified the hiring process. So now within 30 minutes, you can get an offer. Before, you had to go through a gaming exercise before you're going to get an offer. And trust me, I play those games that I didn't do well.  like clutch whatever the game.  So we've simplified the  to come onboard, and look, it's -- we're not -- it's not over till it's over. But we're making progress here. I'll just give you one data point. Last week alone, we hired over 13,000 people. We've been at this for a while and we'll stay at it until we get the number of people, we need to deliver a great peak for our customers.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Thanks for taking my question. Carol, I wanted your perspective on the regional last-mile competition, can you give us some thoughts on where they fit in the competitive landscape today and does that change as LaserShip expands acquisitively under the leadership of a credible CEO from your former Company? And just as an extension of that, just any thoughts on how you focus on improving your revenue quality while being cautious not to shed enough or in share to help create a new nationwide low-cost competitor. Thanks.
Carol Tome: Yeah. We've talked about the small package market in the United States is very attractive. There's a demand-supply imbalance and everybody wants a piece of the pie. And so these regional players certainly want a piece of the pie. If you look at the LaserShip announced the acquisition, that combined Company, which by the way, is by coastal, so they don't have an end-to-end regional network yet. They just buy coastal fans less than 2% of the volume space. And they're delivering actually for our largest customer, by the way.  That was because our largest customer has that lots of players delivering their boxes. So as we -- as I think about it, game on, right, it's competitive environment and what we have to do is we've got to invest in the customer experience. So that we've got an experience where people want to come to us and pay for the experience that we offer. And just on the leader that's joining that Company, I have great amount of respect from our colleague , I worked with him for 16 years, is an awesome leader. But I love to compete. Mark a little note. Welcome to -- it's the industry and that we're going to have fun together competing. So more to come.
Scott Childress: Operator, we've got time for one more call or one more question if you would please?
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Ossenbeck: Good morning. Thank you for squeezing me in here. Just wanted to ask a little bit more about the long term. We talked about moving further upstream of coordination with the retailers and others throughout the supply chain, but that's often been hard to actually execute in the past. Do you think with the amount of disruption in demand that we're seeing that this might actually be a good time to have this conversation? Maybe you can elaborate on how those are trending as you look to more synchronized deliveries, which I can imagine might be challenging to get into place, but would actually benefit everybody from a capacity utilization standpoint. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Yeah. We don't have a lot of time to talk about this, this morning, but we do have some pilots underway with a third-party platform to see if we can move upstream to consolidate orders into a basket for multiple shippers and ship it on one packaged car. It's early days the pilots just kicked off. But we'll have more color for you. I think at the end of the Fourth Quarter.
Brian Ossenbeck: All right. Thank you, Carol,
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back to your host, Mr. Scott Childress.
Scott Childress: Well, we want to thank everyone for joining us today, and that concludes our call. And we hope everyone has a fantastic day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Carol Tom, our CEO; and Brian Newman, our CFO.  Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectation for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2020 Form 10-K, subsequently filed Form 10-Qs and other reports that we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. For the second quarter of 2021, GAAP results include after tax transformation and other charges of $11 million or $0.01 per diluted share. Also in the second quarter, on April the 30th, we closed on the sale of UPS Freight, which triggered remeasurement of certain of our pension and post-retirement benefit plans.  The remeasurement resulted in a $2.1 billion reduction in pension and post-retirement benefit obligations on our balance sheet, primarily due to higher discount rates. The vast majority of the remeaseurement impact fell within the corridor. So the impact to GAAP net income was negligible at approximately $3 million.  Unless stated otherwise, our comments will refer to adjusted results, which exclude transformation and other charges. The webcast of today's call, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures is available on the UPS Investor Relations website.  Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining is via the teleconference. If you wish to ask a question, press one then zero on your phone to enter the queue. Please ask only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now, I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tom: Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. Let me start by thanking all UPSers for their hard work and efforts. Our better not bigger framework is enabling consistently high service levels and producing improved financial results. Our team is truly moving our world forward by delivering what matters.  More specifically, we are winning in the most attractive parts of the markets with new capabilities like our fastest ground ever weekend initiatives and improvements in our customer experience journey. We are continuing to deliver lifesaving COVID-19 vaccine and our healthcare growth initiative is gaining momentum. We are also driving sustainable revenue per piece growth through targeted revenue quality strategies.  And lastly, we are driving productivity improvements in the network and implementing targeted transformational expense reductions. Our second quarter financial results across all segments were much better than we anticipated.  Consolidated revenue in the quarter rose 14.5% from last year to $23.4 billion and operating profit grew 40.8% to $3.3 billion. As we expected, U.S. average daily volume for the quarter was down slightly from one year ago, driven primarily by tough comparisons due to the jump in ecommerce-related volume last year, but our revenue quality in the U.S. were much improved due to a change in customer mix, as well as our revenue quality strategies.  All of our business segments delivered record quarterly operating profits and expanded operating margin on a year-over-year basis. In the U.S., operating margin was 11.6%, our highest second quarter operating margin since 2017. In the International segment, operating profit increased 41.3% and operating margin reached a record 24.7%.  And in Supply Chain Solutions, continued strength in freight forwarding and healthcare drove operating margin of 9.7%, a record for the segment. While we closely monitor external factors like the tight labor markets and low inventory levels, the execution of our initiatives has put us well on our way to achieving the high end of our 2023 financial targets. Brian will share more details with you during his remarks.  Moving to our Customer First, people-led, innovation-driven strategy, we strive to provide our customers with the best digital experience powered by our global smart logistics network. Customer First is about creating a frictionless customer experience and building the capabilities that matter the most to our customers.  During the second quarter, Saturday Ground delivery volume grew 13% as we continued expanding our weekend coverage. This is an example of better not bigger as we are expanding service with very little capital spending.  We are currently half way through our efforts to expand our existing centers and turn on Saturday operations in more than 200 additional centers. By the end of October of this year, we will cover about 90% of the U.S. population on Saturdays, which will further extend our market-leading Saturday commercial delivery and pickup services and support our ongoing Sunday delivery services.  These improvements benefit all of our customers, large and small by enabling faster time in transit and expanding capacity. As we execute our strategy, our focus is on growing value share. We are changing the growth targets of the company and our no longer focus solely on volume growth.  Instead, we are creating new capabilities and leveraging our competitive advantages to grow revenue and profits from the most attractive parts of the markets like SMB, B2B, healthcare and international while at the same time, providing value and service to targeted large enterprise customers.  Its early days, but we believe our strategy is working. For example, in the U.S., we grew SMB average daily volume including platforms by 21.6% and we saw total U.S. revenue per piece increase by 13.4%. As you know, healthcare is one of our wildly important Customer First initiatives. In the second quarter, healthcare customer revenue on a global basis grew 19.8% and contributed to margin expansion in all three segments.  To grow in the healthcare sector, we are creating new capabilities like our recent launch of the UPS Cold Chain Solutions and we are deploying sophisticated solutions that customers want into new geographies like the expansion of the UPS Premier to Canada and Europe. These actions are advancing our leadership position in the global healthcare logistics markets.  To support growth in our International segment, we continue to invest broadly including the launch of our first ever daily flight from Osaka to Shenzen, thus significantly speeding up our time in transit across multiple trade lines. We are also improving the customer experience across 16 journeys to make them simpler and more helpful.  One of the customer pain points we are addressing is claims. We recently completed a successful pilot that shortened the average claim processing time from 20 days to five. The improvements we made resulted in a 1.9% reduction in churn among pilot participants. We are rolling out our new claims process to all U.S. SMB customers over the next twelve months.  To put this into perspective, every 1 percentage point reduction in U.S. SMB churn is worth about $170 million in annual revenue.  Moving to the People Led component of our strategy, our focus here is to make UPS a great place to work. So that our people feel confident recommending UPS to others. During the second quarter, our executive leadership team spent many days in our operations around the world, delivery packages, walking our facilities, and talking with our people.  When we did that, we dont take a list, we bring back a list of the actions we can take to simplify our processes, drive productivity and improve the quality of the work environment for our people. I cannot say enough about the commitment of UPSers who over the last year rose to meet the challenges of elevated volume, while ensuring great service to our customers day in and day out.  Id like to recognize our 38,000 part-time management employees in the U.S. that work primarily in our pre-load, hub, sort and air operations. In appreciation of their extraordinary efforts, we provided them with a one-time financial award in the second quarter. People Led builds on a strong foundation and we will continue living our values, modernizing our policies, and rewarding our people to make UPS an even better place to work and employer of choice.  Turning to Innovation-Driven. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation is generating significant levels of free cash flow. In fact, in the first six months of this year, we generated $6.8 billion in free cash flow. This is a record. Weve generated more free cash flow in the first six months of this year than we previously generated in any full year at any time in our companys history.  Also in the second quarter, we completed the divestiture of UPS Freight, a capital-intensive, low-returning part of our business. This with other actions has greatly improved our financial condition from one year ago as Brian will detail. And looking ahead, we expect to see a significant increase in our return on invested capital this year.  Innovation-Driven will also help us to reach carbon neutrality by 2050. In August, we will publish our annual sustainability report, which include our 19th GRI Content Index, along with our second Sustainability Accounting Standards Board or SASB reports and our first Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures or TCFD report.  Social and environmental stewardship goes right to our core values and we remain committed to providing investors transparency through our expanded ESG disclosures.  Next month, UPS will celebrate our 114th anniversary. It is such an honor for me to guide this company to our next chapter. We are a purpose-driven company and we are investing in the capabilities that matter most to our customers to create value for our shareowners.  Thank you. And now, Ill turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol, and good morning. In my comments today, I will cover four areas, starting with macroeconomic trends, then our second quarter results, next I'll review cash and shareowner returns, and lastly, I'll wrap up with some comments on our outlook.  Okay, let's start with the macro. All major economic indicators remains strong with the economic recovery progressing faster than expected. In the second quarter, looking at IHS forecasts, Global GDP is expected to finish up 10.6% and U.S. GDP is expected to be up 12.5%. However, robust economic growth and high consumer demand is putting pressure on global supply chains and inventory replenishment. In fact, the U.S. inventory to sales ratio declined further from the figure I shared last quarter and was 1.09 in June. As a point of reference, for the three years prior to COVID, this ratio ran between 1.4 and 1.5. For the full year, global GDP is now expected to grow 5.8% and U.S. GDP is expected to grow 6.6%. Accordingly, as we look at the back half of the year, while economic growth is forecast to remain positive, the rate of growth slows.  Moving to our second quarter consolidated performance. We delivered double-digit top and bottom-line growth. Consolidated revenue increased 14.5% to $23.4 billion. Consolidated operating profit totaled $3.3 billion, 40.8% higher than last year. And Ill note that this is the first time UPS has generated quarterly operating profit over $3 billion.  Consolidated operating margin expanded to 14%, which was 260 basis points above last yearour best consolidated margin in 18 quarters and diluted earnings per share was up $2.77, up 141% from the same period last year. And diluted earnings per share was $3.06, up 43.7% from the same period last year.  Now let's take a look at the segments. In U.S. Domestic, our mix improvement and other revenue quality initiatives, as well as productivity efforts continued to drive strong results. As expected, As expected, last years surge in essential goods delivered to homes created tough comparisons on a year-over-year basis.  As a result, total average daily volume in the U.S., in the second quarter of this year was down 619,000 pieces per day or 2.9% due to a decline in SurePost volume of 1.3 million packages per day. The decline in SurePost volume was partially offset by double-digit percentage growth in ground commercial and next day air volume. The unique year-over-year comparisons were also visible in our volume mix. B2C average daily volume was down 15.8% year-over-year. Conversely, B2B volume increased 25.7%. All industry sectors grew B2B volume, led by retail as more foot traffic returned to the brick-and-mortar locations. In fact, B2B retail posted its first year-over-year increase in volume since 2019.  And healthcare remained a bright spot, with B2B volume up 28.6%. Customer mix continued to be positive as our network enhancements drove SMB volume growth including platforms of 21.6%. And in the second quarter, SMB made up 27.2% of U.S. domestic volume. For the quarter, U.S. Domestic generated revenue of $14.4 billion, up 10.2%, driven by a record 13.4% increase in revenue per piece, with fuel driving 220 basis points of the revenue per piece growth rate. We are pleased with the progress of our revenue quality efforts. The combination of base rate increases, surcharges and mix improvements generated double-digit revenue per piece percentage increases in our next day air and ground products. Turning to costs, total expense grew 7.3% driven by three main areas. First, fuel represented 220 basis points of the increase. Second were the enhancements to speed up our network and expand weekend operations, which accounted for around 200 basis points of the total expense increase.  And finally, another 210 basis points came from an increase in employee benefit expenses as more employees became eligible for health, welfare and retirement benefits; and from the reinstatement of the federal excise tax. Looking at efficiencies, we continue to see productivity improvements within package and inside operations. In fact, direct labor hours were down 1.4%, which includes a double-digit percentage reduction in over time hours. Most notably in the quarter, revenue growth was significantly above expense growth, which generated positive operating leverage.  In summary, the U.S. Domestic segment delivered $1.7 billion in operating profit, an increase of $460 million or 37.9%, compared to last year and operating margin expanded 230 basis points. Moving to International, the segment delivered another quarter of record operating profit. Total average daily volume was up 12.7%. B2B volume grew 25% on a year-over-year basis with growth across all industries and customer segments. Conversely, B2C volume was down 4.1%. These year-over-year comparisons reflect the unique pandemic effects from last year, as B2C volume doubled in the second quarter of 2020.  Total export average daily volume was up 14% on a year-over-year basis with all regions except Asia posting double-digit growth. Asia export volume faced difficult comps and was down 5.8%, compared to the remarkable growth rate of 46.8% in the second quarter of last year driven by the surge of PPE.  For the quarter, International revenue was up 30% to $4.8 billion, with all major regions growing revenue by double-digit percentages. We generated positive operating leverage in the quarter. Revenue per piece was up 15.5%, including a 530 basis point benefit from the fuel surcharge and cost per piece was up 12.4%, including a 570 basis point impact from higher fuel costs.  In the second quarter, International delivered operating profit of $1.2 billion, an increase of 41.3% and operating margin expanded to 24.7%. Our strategy in the International segment is absolutely driving value share and growth from the best parts of the market.  As Scott Price shared in June, we are underpenetrated in almost all geographies around the world. So we see tremendous potential as we continue executing our wildly important initiatives internationally. Now looking at supply chain solutions, revenue increased 14.3% to $4.2 billion and the segment generated record profit and operating margin. Market demand was elevated and revenue growth in our major business categories more than offset the revenue impact from the sale of UPS Freight, which closed on April 30th. Looking at operating profit, in forwarding, our ocean freight product more than doubled its operating profit on a year-over-year basis, driven by strong inventory replenishment demand. And in healthcare, our clinical trials, along with cell and gene solutions again delivered record top and bottom-line results.  In the second quarter, Supply Chain Solutions generated operating profit of $408 million and the operating margin was 9.7%. We are extremely pleased with our performance in this segment. We have moved the needle on operating margin where over the past five years operating margin has averaged 6.6%.  Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had a $167 million of interest expense; other pension income was $302 million; and lastly, our effective tax rate came in at 22.1%, which was lower than last year due to discrete items. Now lets turn to cash and the balance sheet. We are generating strong cash flow from our disciplined focused on capital allocation and bottom-line results. For the first six months of the year, we generated $8.5 billion in cash from operations and $6.8 billion in free cash flow.  Also in the second quarter, the sale of UPS Freight triggered remeasurement of certain U.S. pension and post-retirement plans, which resulted in a reduction in our net pension liability of $2.1 billion on our balance sheet, primarily due to higher discount rates. GAAP income only benefited by about $3 million, because the vast majority of the gain fell within the corridor. As Carol mentioned, our financial condition has greatly improved. A strong balance sheet is a core UPS principle and since the end of 2020, we have reduced our pension liability and outstanding debt by $10.2 billion, bringing our debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 2.1. And lastly, so far this year, UPS has distributed $1.7 billion in dividends. Moving to our outlook, Ill cover both the second half of 2021 and the full year. First, we expect market conditions to remain favorable and our initiatives to continue delivering positive results in our business. We are also paying close attention to several external factors, including the Delta variant of COVID-19, inflationary pressures, the U.S. inventory-to-sales ratio and consumer spending preferences.  Nonetheless, we expect our revenue quality efforts to cover known expense pressures and we are on track to meet our 2021 non-operating savings target of $500 million. On a consolidated basis, we expect second half 2021 revenue growth of around 5.4% year-over-year, which takes into account the divestiture of UPS Freight, tough comparisons from last year, and our revenue quality initiatives. We expect the second half 2021 consolidated operating margin of around 12%. In U.S. Domestic, we anticipate back half 2021 revenue growth of about 8.2%, with revenue growing faster than volumes. Operating margin should be around 9.2%. Operating margin in the back half of the year is expected to be lower than what we reported in the first half due to three factors. First is higher compensation expense from our contractual labor increase, which goes into effect each year in August.  Second, we have made targeted hourly rate adjustments in certain geographies to remain competitive in the market. And as usual, lower margin enterprise and B2C volume will represent a larger percentage of our total volume due to peak. Pulling it all together, we now expect full year 2021 U.S. operating margin to be approximately 10.1%. In the International segment, for the second half of 2021, we anticipate year-over-year average daily volume growth from Europe to be in the mid-single digits. In addition, we expect Asia outbound volume to remain elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels. As a result, we expect revenue growth around 10.7% with an operating margin of about 22.9%. In the Supply Chain Solutions segment, in the second half of this year, we expect freight forwarding and healthcare to continue to lead the segment. We anticipate total revenue in this segment will decline around 9.6%, due to the sale of UPS Freight. However, we expect operating profit growth of around 8.1% and an operating margin of about 9.1%. Moving to the full year, in 2021, we expect consolidated operating margin of approximately 12.7% and return on invested capital of approximately 28%. We expect capital expenditures to be about $4 billion, and in April, we repaid $1 billion in debt and have achieved our 2021 target of $2.55 billion in debt repayment.  We have no plans to repurchase shares in 2021 at this time, but given the strong free cash flow and further reductions to our pension liabilities, we continue to evaluate the option to repurchase shares later this year.  And lastly, our effective tax rate for the remainder of the year is now expected to be around 23%. Looking out to 2023, the current economic outlook, coupled with the early results from our revenue quality and productivity initiatives is putting us well on our way to achieving the high-end of our 2023 targets.  In closing, we are laser-focused on executing our strategy under the better not bigger framework, and leaning into the best market opportunities to improve the financial performance of the company, provide the best customer experience and benefit our shareowners.  Thank you, and operator, please open the lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker : Great. Thank you. Morning, everyone. Carol, a few questions on enterprise customers. What was that growth or decline year-over-year in 2Q? Was that mostly again running into really difficult comps? Or have any enterprise customers changed their sourcing behavior in response to your pricing and surcharge strategy? And lastly, you said that youre targeting large  you are going after targeted large enterprise customers in the future. What does that mean, kind of whats the basis for that targeting? Thank you.
Carol Tome : Thank you, Ravi for the question. On the enterprise customer behavior in the second quarter, it was largely impacted by SurePost volume and as Brian explained our SurePost volume was down 1.3 million pieces. That happened because many of our brick-and-mortar enterprise customers reopened their stores and as the economies reopened, customers went back to those stores.  So, we actually anticipated this when we built our second quarter plan and in fact, the average daily volume performed better than we had planned at the beginning of the year. As we focus our efforts going forward, we are really leaning into those customers that value our end-to-end network and focused on value share, not so much volume share.  As we discussed during our June investor conference, a package is not a package. They come with different characteristics and we are leaning into those packages and those customers that value our end-to-end network.  Brian anything to add?
Brian Newman : No, just Ravi, if you back out that SurePost volume that Carol alluded to wed actually be up 4% in ground in Domestic business for the quarter.
Ravi Shanker : Great. Any follow-up on larger ecommerce enterprise customers, kind of any update there versus the brick-and-mortar guys? Thank you.
Carol Tome : So, we value our very large ecommerce customer that doesnt have a storefront, as well as all of our enterprise customers and if I look at our very large enterprise customer that doesnt have a storefront or much of a storefront, the percentage of our total revenue was about the same as it was in the first quarter.
Ravi Shanker : Thank you.
Carol Tome : You bet.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter : Great. Good morning. So, just looking at your volume comp, just to follow that discussion. Are you seeing the B2C deceleration? Or are your outlook on that B2C relative growth continuing to decline as you face these tougher comps? And then, just looking at the margin thoughts there, right? So you are looking for a deceleration in the margin.  Maybe you could just flush that out a little bit. You kind of highlighted, Brian that your three thoughts on that, but maybe just kind of talk to Carols historical conservativism versus your thoughts on the extending cost that you see coming back online with the union costs?
Carol Tome : Well, maybe Ill comment on volume and then well turn to cost. We were really pleased with the growth that we saw in our SMB customer in the second quarter. Last year, SMBs in the United States made up about 20% of our total revenue. This year it make up more than 27% of our total revenue. So we think that the capabilities that we are investing to grow this very important customer segment, they are further working.  Now, If you look at the breakdown of SMB, 50% of the revenue was for commercial. 50% of the revenue was for residential delivery. So you can see a shift within SMBs. What you would expect as the economies start to reopen and we were very pleased with the growth that we saw in our commercial business.  Looking ahead, we would expect the volume trends to be around the same in the third quarter and we are not into the process of giving you quarterly guidance, but we would expect the volume trends to be about the same in the third quarter and then volume up in the fourth quarter as we head into peak. Brian comments on cost?
Brian Newman : Ken, on the cost front, I think I articulated what drove the 730 BPS of increase in the second quarter. If you look at the first half of the year, our cost per piece was about 6.5%. So, mid-single digit. I think we would anticipate that looking to be somewhat similar from a CPP basis in the second half of the year. We can unpack that for us if you want more detail.
Ken Hoexter : No  no  no more detail. I was just kind of wondering your thoughts on the deceleration versus trying to be conservative with the outlook versus your thoughts on kind of the margin follow-through.
Brian Newman : Well, I think from a cost perspective, Ken, one of the elements thats driving that cost per piece is our union labor increase in August. So, when you look sequentially from the first half of the year to the back half of the year, its a fairly material number when you look at the market rate adjustments and the union increase. Its a north of $400 million. So its about 150 BPS on the margin.
Ken Hoexter : Very helpful. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra : Thanks. Excuse me. Thanks, operator. Brian, just wanted to confirm or Carol, just wanted to confirm your comments that you are expecting total average daily volume in Domestic volumes to be down year-over-year in 3Q versus a similar rate in 4Q and then positive in 4Q? And then, also, maybe a little bit more of a bigger picture question, Carol, the company has paid - committed to basically paying down debt.  The balance sheet, financial position has gotten better as some of these pension issues have kind of resolved themselves. I am wondering if you are opening up the company to maybe a more of a major acquisition over the next couple of years, is there an appetite for maybe significant M&A? And if there is, what are some of the areas and adjacencies that kind of make sense for how you see the company evolving over the next many years, that would be helpful as well? Thank you.
Carol Tome : Well, Brian, whats your comment on the volume and then, Ill talk about the balance sheet.
Brian Newman : Sure, Amit. Our current forecast that we are holding for the second half of the year is low-single-digit from an ADB perspective. So, I am not going to get into Q3 versus Q4 as there is a lot of movement right now in the market. But we had one each was about 4%. We are expecting low-single-digit, slightly lower than that in the second half.
Carol Tome : And I think a lot of this on the volume side is still highly dependent on the inventory to sales ratio, isnt it? Weve been talking to our large customers about what they are seeing in their business and interestingly, one large brick-and-mortar customer told us they had 50 containers that were stuck in the port. And until those containers can get into their warehouses and into their stores, its hard to sell.  So, there is a bit of an uncertainty out there. But we are going to control what we are going to control and we shared this back half view with you because we thought you should know what we are seeing and what were thinking about our business. On the balance sheet question Amit, gosh, from where we were a year ago, the financial condition of our company has greatly improved, even from the end of the year its greatly improved with our debt and pension liabilities down $10 million from the end of the year end and having a strong financial condition lets us all sleep well at night. So that we can lean into our customer experience and do the right thing for our people, for our communities and for our customers. As we think about our strategic opportunities ahead, we are opportunity-rich. So we are going to continue to lean into those 16 customer journeys that weve talked to you about, because we really think by improving the end-to-end experience, we get stickiness with our customers and can grow that value share that we are sticking to grow.  Could there be a capability that might - we might want to acquire to enable or speed up those journeys? Perhaps. But were not seeing here building a large M&A war chest, if you will. In fact, risk and try to run the best business that we can. Now we do believe that cash belongs to the shareowners and not to us. We told you that at the beginning or at the end of this year, if you will, we have a new dividend payout target which is 50% of earnings.  So, based on the guidance that Brian has shared with you today, that could imply a fairly nice use of cash when we announced that new dividend. We are also looking at re-entering the share repurchase market. This is something that we discuss with our Board every quarter. We have a Board Meeting next week. So, Brian shared with you in his prepared remarks that we are looking that as well.
Amit Mehrotra : So is $1 billion a year the right target that you disclosed a month-and-a-half ago? Or is it now there is more upward bias on that, as you look forward?
Carol Tome : So, I think as we reported, we generated more free cash in the first six months of this year than we have in any year and any time in our company history. So, with the debt-to-EBITDA ratio now of 2.1, things are looking good for UPS and our ability to return capital to our shareowners. So, when we get ready to change, how much you should put in your model for share repurchases, well tell you.
Amit Mehrotra : Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Carol Tome : Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak : Hi, good morning. So I want to dig into the Domestic revenue per piece a little bit more. I know you called out fuel. But you had also mentioned the surcharges which I believe are weighted more towards B2C, as well as some your revenue quality issues. Any way to break that down a little further? I am just trying to get a better sense of what the organic revenue quality impact is to that revenue per piece, if you could?
Brian Newman : Hey, Allison, Ill take that. So, when you look at the RPP in the quarter, we were up Domestic 13.4%. Two-thirds of that improvement came from customer product mix and surcharges. And as you think about the surcharges and the mix, the big driver of mix was SMB volume, which - it increased to 27.2% of our total mix. If you think back to last year in Q2, that was down at about 21.2%.  So were on that journey at the Investor Day. We talked that we wanted to get north of 30% to hit the high end of our guidance. Were well on the way of that journey and we feel good. Lastly, on the rate component. We are not even really halfway through the rate contractual negotiations as those contracts open back up. So there is still more gas in the tank across the three levers.
Allison Poliniak : Great. Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee : Hey. Thanks for the question. I guess I wanted to kind of comment that yield point for a second and maybe tie it into the domestic margin outlook in the second half of the year. So, low-single-digit ADV in the back half of the year, is that kind of way to think about it? I guess, you sort of maybe get mid single-digit yield growth.  And then in the context of that SMB sort of step-up as well as B2B being up, I guess I am a little surprised to not see the incremental margins or implied margins in the back half of the year be a little bit stronger. So it sounds like there is some cost dynamics probably fuel sort of weighing in there a little bit.  But could you help us unpack a little bit more some of those moving pieces maybe on the cost side or maybe something thats going on within mix between B2B and B2C that kind of help us with the sequential progression of the Domestic margins in the back half of the year?
Brian Newman : Sure, Chris. Ill take a stab at that. So, the way I think about the second half of the year, when I say low-single-digit ADV, its really closer to the 1% range, RPP should be in sort of the high-single digits, 7-ish, 7.5 thereabout and then cost per piece is probably similar to what we saw in one each, which was in that 6.5 range. So thats sort of from an algorithm perspective how the math plays out.  There are a lot of moving pieces here from a CPP I mentioned the cost increases from the wage and union contracts. Weve also gotten some market rate adjustments that are going in, in the second half of the year to remain competitive on a geographic standpoint. And then RPP, obviously, youve got that higher enterprise in B2C mix in the peak season. Carol, anything to add?
Carol Tome : I think the peak season comment is right, because we will see mix difference. 
Brian Newman : Thats right. 
Carol Tome : We wont see a higher penetration of enterprise than we have today.
Chris Wetherbee : And just a quick follow-up, is the fourth quarter, do you assume that you can get Domestic margin expansion in 4Q during peak season this year?
Brian Newman : We do.
Chris Wetherbee : Thank you.
Brian Newman : Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry : Thanks. Good morning. Obviously called out the cost headwinds weighing on Domestic margins in the second half. But you should start to lap costs related to the Saturday expansion and speeding up the network. So, does the 220 basis point headwind in Q2 related to this ease in Q3 and go away by Q4? So maybe if you could just sort of address some of the factors that are positive for margins?  And just to clarify, so, is it fair to assume for both Q3 and Q4 that the spread between RPP and CPP should remain positive? Thank you.
Carol Tome : So, Ill start with the expansion of our weekend delivery, which we are so pleased with. And we commented that we saw 13% growth on Saturday in the second quarter. We are about half way through this initiative to reach 90% of the U.S. population by October of this year. We are expanding services in over 500 buildings, existing and new. So, weve got some more costs coming out of this in the third quarter, but then, as you point out, looking to lap that next year, which we look forward to.
Brian Newman : Allison, just in terms of the margin and sequential performance, look, we plan for positive spreads between RPP and CPP on a quarterly basis. So, thats our objective. Its probably a little tighter in Q3 than it is four. And I just remind you the journey we are on, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are going towards that 12% by 2023.  And I think at the Investor Day I had mentioned we want to be more than halfway there by 2021. The guidance of 10.1 versus the 7.7 last year, we had 240 basis points in the first year that leaves another 200 basis points over a two year basis. So I think we passed that 50% mark and we are confident that well deliver that 12%.
Allison Landry : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker : Hello. Thanks very much, operator. Hi everybody. And thank you for your time. I just have two questions. On the free cash flow, when you think about so much free cash flow in the forecast for greater free cash flow as you continue to see these improvements that you are talking about, do you worry about under-investing in the business and then having to invest later to catch-up to the growth that youre seeing? And maybe you could talk a little bit more about that?
Carol Tome : Yes, I am happy to talk to you about philosophically, then Brian, please add on. When we had our Investor Day back in June, we laid out a capital investing plan on the high side of about $14.5 billion between now and 2023. Thats based on what we know.  If we have an opportunity to invest that returns, the kinds of returns that we are looking for, well increase that capital. So we laid out what we knew. There is no gating factor here. We will continue to invest in the capabilities that are necessary to drive the business forward.
Brian Newman : And I just, Helane, I just follow-up, we are still adding capacity when we look at the business. So, in terms of this year, well bring on seven new retrofit lines, about 2 million square feet of space, 130,000 pieces per hour and its a journey. As Carol mentioned, weve got about a 60-40 split in terms of our buildings and facilities and capacity and future growth making 60%, maintenance 40% or less.  So I think we will continue to evaluate. The thing I would highlight is, with ROIC going up to 28% on a full year basis, we are very happy with the returns that we are making in the business, as Carol mentioned with the excess cash, if we find areas to continue to invest and grow the business, well certainly do that.
Carol Tome : And we are also adding aircrafts, Brian, from a capacity perspective. 
Brian Newman : Sure.
Carol Tome : We are thinking about, I think six aircrafts between now and the end of the year.
Brian Newman : For the balance of the year, thats right.
Helane Becker : Yes. Thats perfect and thank you very much. I appreciate that.
Carol Tome : Thank you.
Brian Newman : Thanks, Helane.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger : Thanks very much. I am going to go International and its a bit of a two-parter. Just curious what you are seeing with regard to SMB penetration in International market contrasting it with the U.S. market? And then looking at International, its been tremendously strong, very high margin. I am just curious, what are the factors you are watching that might put you a little higher or lower in the back half of the year with regard to the international business overall? Thanks.
Carol Tome : Well, Ill address the SMB. We were very pleased with the SMB performance in the second quarter. It grew 17% year-on-year. Many of the customer journeys that we are introducing in the United States, we are taking outside the United States, as well. And Scott Price and his team are doing a really nice job of understanding customer pain points and where we need to invest.  One of the areas that we need to invest candidly is time in transit. And thats one reason we were so excited about the new Osaka to Shenzhen lane that we opened up in the second quarter, where our time in transit was something like 26%, its now 76%. So we are leading the pack in that regard. So, pleased about that. You might talk about margin.
Brian Newman : Yes, I think from a margin perspective, Scott, whats plus up or plus down drivers, I think Scott and the team are focused on controlling what they can control and doing that very well. Theyve remained - theyll continue to deliver these elevated margins which are terrific.  I think this is a thing that we are really plus it up or plus down would be the external factors in terms of the inventory pipeline and COVID spikes with the Delta variant to the extent there are less impact - impactful, maybe we go up to the extent there are more shutdowns and inventory remains tighter. It could be a challenge. But that - those are really the external factors that I would highlight.
Scott Schneeberger : Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Todd Fowler of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler : Great. Thanks, and good morning. So, I wanted to ask a little bit on the labor availability side. It sounds like that there were some actions taken in the current quarter for some incentive compensation there. And as we think about the back half of the year, it sounds like some market adjustments. I guess, we typically think about its been little bit more locked in on the labor cost side.  Can you speak to what you are seeing with labor availability and how you think you are positioned at this point from a labor cost standpoint for the rest of the year?
Carol Tome : Yes, its a tight labor market for sure. And to your observation, we are pretty much locked in, because of the way that most of our people are employed. But in certain parts of the country, weve had to make some market rate adjustments. Thats a smaller piece on the cost pressure that we have in the back half that Brian detailed for you in his remarks.  We need to hire a lot of people for peak and Im happy to say that even in the face of this tight labor market, we are ahead of where we were a year ago. And Nando and his team are just managing this on a day-to-day basis. And just as it relates to peak, our peak planning is well underway. The good news is from an operating perspective, we have one additional operating day this year, which helped us.  We are lining up the aircraft that we need to lease to manage the volume. We are lining up all the rental equipment that we need to have in place to handle the volume and of course, on the people - on the people side. So, were - every day we are working on peak. I know its just July, but we are working on peak every day.
Todd Fowler : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group : Hey. Thanks. Morning. Just a couple of things I want to clarify. Can you just give us how much the one-time bonus was in 2Q that you talked about? And is the August wage increase different than normal? And then, just bigger picture, I am struggling with just understanding if we have a positive price cost spread in second half? Why margins arent really improving?  And then, if I could just ask one more, Carol, going back to the Analyst Day, we heard a lot about mix. I dont know that we heard a lot about like underlying pricing. And can you just talk about that as well? Thank you.
Carol Tome : Sure. Go ahead, Brian.
Brian Newman : Yes. So, the first two questions, Scott, you got a few packed in there. The one-time bonus cost about $20 million in terms of the impact that we put out. The increase, we have step-ups in our wage contracts and so, it would be higher than previous year. Obviously, we are always talking more sequentially what was in the first half versus the second half and thats the big impact, which is about - in or about $400 million in totals, so about 150 BPS on margin.  And then I think, the margins, as spreads get a bit tighter, I laid out the - what our assumptions were in the back half of the year. So there is still positive leverage. They just get a little bit constrained by two things. One is the mix that we talked about during peak and the higher enterprise and B2C and then the additional headwind pressure in terms of the labor piece that I mentioned.
Carol Tome : You might give a little color on next-gen profit to and the activity underway there.
Brian Newman : So, next-gen profits has evolved Scott, to look at both the RPP and the CPP and so the teams got together each and every week to think about, how do we drive the right customer in and the service trade-offs to deliver the right product availability. A lot of it has to do with the dynamic pricing. So when we announced our surcharges, we are trying to target specific areas and basically play the mix rate and surcharge lever.  We still got plenty of room to go as I mentioned on the rate renegotiation on the cost piece. We are looking at bigger ticket items to change the game. So, Nando and his team or are thinking about  they are doing the blocking and tackling every day, but how do we take on a few initiatives in that much bigger cost bucket.  Non-ops were making good progress. Weve delivered about half of that $500 million in non-ops on a year-to-date basis, about $220 million. But on the back-end of the year, well be getting after some of the operations opportunity and going into 2022.
Scott Group : And Carol, just the broader pricing?
Carol Tome : The broader pricing market. So, pricing remains tight. Its projected that at peak therell be a demand capacity imbalance of about 5 million pieces per day. So that is a nice environment to be working in. But you dont want to run the business just on price lift, day in and day out. You really want to right the total value equation. So, weve got a laser-focus on cost and productivity, as well as providing the capabilities that our customers value the most.
Scott Group : Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Brian Newman : Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck : Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess two quick follow-ups on the last commentary. Brian, can you elaborate on just the next-gen profit initiative? Is it fully rolled out across the entire company? Is this more of a U.S. domestic focus? And we heard about it at Investor Day, but how embedded - is it 100% ramped up across the operations and fully working?  And then, Carol, you mentioned the 5 million pieces per day shortfall. I think thats down from 7 million. Last time you talked about it I dont necessarily think thats a bad thing because people are trying to secure capacity in advance probably. But maybe you can put some context around that in terms of the broader supply demand balance which seemingly is still pretty tight, but obviously maybe a little bit more capacity coming back into the market ahead of another strong peak?
Brian Newman : So, on the first question that you are asking about the next-gen profit, look, Scott Price and the international team are really focused on value share growth. And so, this is mainly a domestic initiative at this stage of the game as we look at margin opportunities between RPP and CPP in terms of it being fully deployed.  Now, the cost runway takes a little longer to get after. So we still catching up with some of the initiatives taking hold from an operations and a cost perspective that will have a longer tail to it. And then we are well on the journey in terms of getting a playbook. I would say the piece on RPP that still needs some revenue that still needs to catch up would be the dynamic pricing that relies on technology.  So thats the next chapter on the revenue side. Cost, we continue to work on and its more of a Domestic focus.
Carol Tome : That dynamic pricing is such an exciting aspect of our future. But it is highly dependent on data and technology. We have in one of our wildly important initiatives is enterprise data strategy. Weve got data and lots of data and lots of data pools around the company. And I would say some of the data pools are not very clean.  So we are going to clean up all those data pools and get to one version of the truth so all of our consuming applications go into one clean data pool that will make it so much easier for our revenue leaders and our sales leaders to manage the business.  The same is true for cost, right? So this is a pretty exciting initiative that we have underway and then you layer technology on top of that. The technology piece is not the heavy lift to data is the heavy lift but that initiative is well under way. And in terms of the demand/supply capacity challenge, it has gotten a little bit better because people have added capacity as you would expect, were adding capacity. So is our competitors. So its still an interesting environment for sure and as we work with our customers, we want to ensure that we meet their needs.  So were sitting down with - there are out 300 customers who make up that peak volume surge and were sitting down with each of them understanding what their projections, what their promotions are, how are they thinking about the holiday season and really trying to work with them. So that we provide to them the same outstanding and excellent service that we gave to them last year. We just - we are laser-focused on making them happy.
Brian Ossenbeck : All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz : Yes. Good morning. So, I think, when I guess when I try to process the comments in the guidance and everything, it does seem like there is a bit of positive outlook, but lots of momentum relative to the year-over-year improvement in Domestic margin. So focused on domestic in particular. Is that the right way to understand it? Again, not that you cant improve in the future, but just a slower pace.  And I guess, is there - I wonder is there something that would kind of re-accelerate that if you looked at 2022? Is there pricing that labor inflation moving through that would cause another bite at the apple on some of this pricing? Or how would you think about that, I guess, question, slower improvement and is there an acceleration in or a potential driver of acceleration in Domestic in 2022?. Thank you.
Carol Tome : Its still very interesting when you look at the shape of our years, our quarters and our business. We are not a sequential business. Q2 is usually the high watermark for margin and then it comes in the back half because of mixed changes in the fourth quarter related to peak. So, the way you should think about our business is year-on-year-on-year.  At the beginning of this year, I can recall quite clearly at our earnings call at the end of the fourth quarter, where I said, our U.S. operating margins would increase this year and the reaction was, no it wont, you cant possibly do it. And in fact, Brian, we are increasing the operating margin in the U.S. by 240 basis points.  So we are well on our way to increasing our operating margin in the U.S. to the 12% target that we set forth in 2023. So think of our business year-on-year not so much quarter-over-quarter or first half versus back half.
Brian Newman : Yes. And Tom, one of the other things that changed this year, if you look at last years Q1 in which there was 3%-ish. Nando and the team did an extraordinary job of focusing to get the cost out from peak and that changed the shape of the calendar a bit and thats one of the reasons of that combined with a strong 2Q performance why the first half of the year.  But as Carol said, we are managing on a full year basis and to go from 7.7 last year to 10.1, its more than 50% on that journey to get to that 12%.
Tom Wadewitz : Yes. Okay, thats helpful. What about that inflation component? Is there - if you had stronger wage inflation - every company it seems is talking about difficulty of labor availability and inflation. Is it possible that that gives you the ability to go back and ask for a second price increase? Or that supports more pricing as you look at 2022? Or its more supply/demand driven and the market is getting a touch less tight?
Carol Tome : Well, we know what happens in an inflationary environment that way, somebody pays for it. Its usually the consumer, which means, right, that price increases get passed along all the way to the end to the consumer until the consumer says ouch, I am not going to buy anymore. Consumer continues to buy. So yes, we are in the cycle and this is the cycle, so right, this is the cycle.
Tom Wadewitz : Right. Okay. Thank you.
Brian Newman : Thanks, Tom.
Scott Childress : Hey, Steven, its Scott. Weve got time for one more question if you would please.
Operator: Certainly, sir. Our final question comes from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon : Thanks for squeezing me in here. I kind of want to specifically kind of drill into this lack of momentum seen here, right? When you think about the rate of change even on a year-over-year basis, if we are looking at something in a nine handle in the back half of the year, the rate of change is decelerating. So Id love to understand kind of, what specifically we should be looking for to reaccelerate that rate of change into 2022?  And how we should be thinking about the risk that the 2H domestic margin guide, whether you can actually do a little bit more than that nine in the guidance?
Brian Newman : So, from a 2H risk perspective, Dave, look, there is a lot of uncertainty out there with COVID and Delta variant and what happens. We are using the data we have today to build the best forecast we can. I think then from a sequential margin perspective, look I think the improvement from 7.7 to 10.1 is positive. Next year what can accelerate? We have an annual GRI, we can relook at our pricing. Our cost and productivity initiatives are taking further hold.  So we are going to continue to press and the journey on SMBs, thats been a great story. As weve been walking up, obviously in Q4 with peak, the mix of SMBs will be a little bit less and then the B2C enterprise customers. But, I would look for that journey to continue next year. Kevin and the team and Kate, they are doing a wonderful job of working with platform customers and SMBs to drive that.  So as that mix goes up, margin improves. So there are several levers. Carol, I dont know if you want to provide some color.
Carol Tome : No, I think you called it. Thank you.
Brian Newman : Thanks, Dave.
Operator: I will now turn the floor back over to our host, Mr. Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress : Thank you, Steven. This concludes our call. I want to thank everyone for joining. And hope you have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your conference facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me today are Carol Tom, our CEO; and Brian Newman, our CFO. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectation for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2020 Form 10-K and other reports we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC.  For the first quarter of 2021, GAAP results include a net benefit of $2.4 billion, or $2.70 per diluted share, comprised of an after-tax mark-to-market pension benefit of $2.5 billion and an after-tax transformation and other charges of $140 million. The mark-to-market pension benefit was primarily driven by the enactment of the American Rescue Plan Act, the resulting elimination of our balance sheet liability related to the Central States Pension Fund, as well as the remeasurement of the UPS IBT Pension plan at the current discount rate. Together, these reduced our pension liability by $6.4 billion. Unless stated otherwise, our comments will refer to adjusted results, which exclude the mark-to-market pension benefit and transformation and other charges. The webcast of today's call along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining via the teleconference. If you wish to ask a question, press one then zero on your phone to enter the queue. Please ask only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now, I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tom: Thank you, Scott, and good morning everyone. We are now more than a year into the COVID-19 pandemic, which drove enormous change to how we all live and conduct business. I want to thank our more than 540,000 UPSers for continuing to deliver what matters and for serving our customers, communities, and each other. Looking at the first quarter, our results exceeded our expectations driven by an improving macro environment and great execution by our team. Consolidated revenue in the quarter rose 27% from last year to $22.9 billion and operating profit grew 164% to $2.9 billion. All of our business segments delivered strong performance in the first quarter. We reported record profits and a double digit operating margin in our U.S. Domestic segment, record first quarter profit in our International segment and record operating profit and operating margin in Supply Chain and Freight. As shown in our results, our team is advancing our Customer First, People Led, Innovation Driven strategy under the better not bigger framework. As we've discussed, Customer First is about building capabilities that matter the most to our customers and using those capabilities to capture the best opportunities in the market like small and medium sized businesses and healthcare. In the U.S., the improvements we made last year and continue to make this year to speed up our ground network, enhance our Digital Access Program known as DAP and expand weekend operations while these are taking hold. In fact, during the first quarter, we added nearly 150,000 new DAP accounts, and we are well on our way to hitting our $1 billion DAP revenue target by the end of this year. Further in the U.S., total average daily volume growth for SMBs, including our platform businesses, reached an all-time high of 35.6%, outpacing the growth rate of our larger customers for the third consecutive quarter. This mix improvement and certain other revenue quality actions are delivering results with U.S. Domestic revenue per piece up 10.2% in the first quarter. Looking at our International segment, we were able to meet elevated customer demand by leveraging the agility of our network. Export volume grew double digits in all regions, commercial volume increased 10.1% and SMB average daily volume was up 23% in the first quarter. And we see even more opportunity moving ahead as we expand DAP and other solutions to key international markets. During the quarter, our Supply Chain and Freight segment responded well to market demands. We are on track to complete the divestiture of our UPS Freight business by the end of this month and we look forward to our new commercial relationship with TFI. Our focus on the customer includes improving the end-to-end experience, in other words, improving the experience from the shipper to the receiver as both our customers. We've identified a number of customer journeys and candidly pain points that we are addressing. Let me give you an example. Until recently, paying a UPS bill online was a poor customer experience. So we replaced our old homegrown system with a new SaaS application, which we began deploying globally in the first quarter. Once fully implemented, our industry leading billing solution will make it easy for nearly $2 million global customers to pay and manage their UPS bills. This will be particularly helpful for our SMB customers. Our Customer First aspiration is to provide the best digital experience powered by our smart global logistics network. A simplified billing experience is one aspect of this aspiration. Another is the digitization that's occurring within our Supply Chain and Freight segment. We are moving from telephone based quotes to online quoting. This new digital experience is driving simplification across the entire value chain. We'll talk more about our efforts to improve our customers' experiences during our June Investor and Analyst Day. We know that our customers place high value on the reliability of the UPS network. That's why we led the market by reinstating our service guarantees for U.S. Next Day Air services and Worldwide Express services for all origins and destinations. We intend to be the carrier that shippers and receivers can count on for reliable delivery. And as it relates to COVID-19 vaccine, our global expertise, technology and network are enabling us to move vaccines, kits and dry ice over great distances around the world. As of last week, we've delivered more than 1.1 million shipments, about 196 million vaccine doses to about 50 countries and territories and utilized our UPS premiere service to achieve 99.9% on time delivery. The combination of our efforts to remove friction and the customer experience provide the digital capabilities that matter most and deliver industry leading service levels are positioning us for future growth. Further, as we've discussed, market demand is outpacing industry supply, and we expect this dynamic to continue for the foreseeable future. GDP forecasts are being revived higher, economies are reopening and U.S. consumer spending is being boosted by government stimulus programs. This demand supply imbalance creates an environment where pricing in the industry should remain firm. Brian will cover more of our economic outlook in his remarks. People Led is an important part of our strategy. Our success in the first quarter was due to the commitment of our people and the strength of our culture. Every UPSer has a role to play in supporting our customers. We've hired a lot of new UPSers. So we know we need to focus on employee safety and training. In the U.S., we have re-imagined our driver's safety program by truly taking it on the road. We've created mobile units that can be rapidly deployed across the country. These units provide classroom training and a learning lab within movable trailers. Our mobile training along with other vehicle safety technologies, are making a difference. So far this year we've improved auto accident frequency by 2.1% globally and we will continue to advance our employee safety programs around the world. Moving to Innovation Driven. Over the past several years we have invested in automation, introduced new technology and opened new facilities. We are now starting to reap productivity benefits from these investments. The additional flexibility we've gained in the network enables us to be more responsive to changes in demand and be more efficient. In fact, in the first quarter compared to last year productivity improved in nearly all major operating categories, but we have more to do. We aim to make productivity a virtuous cycle, not just a transformation project. We are laser focused on operational excellence, and we'll share more details about our efforts here during our conference. Let me take a moment to touch on one of our five core principles, which is maintaining a strong balance sheet and credit rating. We have made great strides in this area by reducing financial leverage and improving the share owner's equity. Brian will share the details on this in a moment. Our strategy is gaining traction and we see even more opportunities ahead. We look forward to sharing the details with you at our upcoming Investor and Analyst Day. And now I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol and good morning. In my comments today, I will cover four areas starting with macro economic trends, then our first quarter results, next I'll review cash and share on a returns, and lastly I'll wrap up with some comments on our outlook and the new pension reform law. Okay, let's start with the macro and how it is projected to unfold. Global GDP in the first quarter is expected to finish up 3.5% and U.S. GDP is expected to be up 0.2%. Both have shown significant improvement over the fourth quarter of 2020. Key economic indicators continue to support a strong recovery in 2021. Forecasts are moving higher based on three factors. First is the progress with the global vaccine rollout. Second is a low U.S. inventory to sales ratio, which ran between 1.4 and 1.5 for the three years prior to COVID, and is currently down about 18% from historic averages, at a time when a number of economies are starting to reopen. And third is the passage of the most recent U.S. government stimulus. According to IHS for the full year global GDP is now expected to grow 5.3% and U.S. GDP is expected to grow 6.2%. In the U.S. full year nominal retail sales are anticipated to grow 11.7% and electronic sales and mail orders, the proxy we use for online sales are expected to be up 12.7% following growth of 24.7% in 2020. The outlook for the commercial side of the U.S. economy is also encouraging. Full year industrial production is forecasted to grow 6.5% on a year-over-year basis. We view these projections as favorable for our company and expect the imbalance between market demand and industry capacity to continue as Carol mentioned. Moving to our first quarter performance; consolidated revenue increased 27% to $22.9 billion. Operating profit total $2.9 billion, 164% higher than last year; consolidated operating margin expanded 12.9%, which is our best consolidated margin in 18 quarters and diluted earnings per share was up $2.77, up 141% from the same period last year. Now let's take a look at the segments. In U.S. domestic, our success was due to a combination of our revenue quality initiatives and the impact of our productivity efforts running the network. Average daily volume increased 12.8% year-over-year to a total of 20.4 million packages per day. Additionally, mix continued to be positive. SMB volume growth including platforms accelerated for the fourth consecutive quarter reaching 35.6% and accounted for 63% of our total average daily volume increase. Both SMBs and our larger customers grew residential shipments across air and ground products. Overall B2C shipments increased 23.8% year-over-year. Conversely, B2B average daily volume declined 0.6% year-over-year. Healthcare and automotive remain bright spots and delivered mid-single-digit B2B growth, yet they were unable to offset weakness in other commercial segments. Total B2B volume strengthened late in the quarter with March turning positive. For the quarter, U.S. Domestic generated revenue of $14 billion, up 22.3% driven by average daily volume growth and improvements in revenue per piece. We were extremely pleased with our revenue quality efforts, which were driven by strong SMB average daily volume growth and demand-related surcharges. As a result of our actions, reported revenue per piece grew 10.2% year-over-year with ground revenue per piece up 12.5%. Turning to costs; expenses were up 13.5%. Cost per piece rose 2.2%, driven primarily by two factors: our fastest ground ever and weekend initiatives and planned benefit expense increases. Nando and his team did an outstanding job transitioning the network from fourth quarter peak back into non-peak operations. This enabled us to control unnecessary costs and make productivity improvements across the network. And building on Carol's comments about reducing accident frequency, our efforts to prevent incidents through additional safety training, technology and analytics enabled lower-than-expected casualty self-insurance costs in the first quarter. Most notably in the quarter, revenue growth was significantly above expense growth, which generated positive operating leverage. So in summary, the U.S. domestic segment delivered $1.5 billion in operating profit, an increase of $1.1 billion or 265% compared to last year, and operating margin expanded to 10.4%. Moving over to International; the results were excellent, and our performance demonstrates the flexibility of our network to match global air capacity with demand. Volume growth was very strong, with total average daily volume up 23.1%. We saw growth across customer segments with both larger customers and SMBs growing over 20%. To support outbound Asia demand, we added 25% more flights and even more in terms of capacity because of our 747-8 capabilities. Asia export volume was up 43%, Europe exports were up 27.7%, and overall total exports grew 26.2% on a year-over-year basis. B2C average daily volume grew 77.6%, while B2B was up 10.1% driven by the retail, high-tech and automotive sectors. For the quarter, International revenue was up 36.2% to $4.6 billion, with all regions growing revenue over 20%. We generated strong operating leverage in the quarter with revenue per piece of 12.3% and cost per piece up 2.7% year-over-year. For the first quarter, International delivered operating of $1.1 billion, an increase of 95.5% and operating margin expanded to 23.7%. Looking at Supply Chain & Freight; revenue increased 34.3% to $4.3 billion, and the segment generated record profit and operating margin. Market demand was elevated and nearly all business units had revenue and profit growth. Forwarding led the way, driven by strong growth on the outbound Asia lane for both air and ocean. And health care activities delivered the highest top and bottom-line growth ever. Growth was broad-based from biopharma and biologics as well as implantable medical device and lab customers, all while providing near perfect service during the quarter for COVID-19 vaccine deliveries. In the first quarter, Supply Chain & Freight generated operating profit of $395 million and operating margin was 9.2%. Walking through the rest of the income statement, we had $177 million of interest expense. Other pension income was $313 million, and lastly, our effective tax rate came in at 21.6% due to discrete items. Now let's turn to cash and shareowner returns. Our focus on bottom line results drove strong cash flow in the quarter. We generated $4.5 billion in cash from operations. Free cash flow for the period was $3.7 billion, a 130% increase year-over-year. And lastly, so far this year, UPS has distributed $938 million in dividends. Moving to our outlook for 2021. We recognize there is still uncertainty ahead related to the pandemic and other factors that could interrupt the recovery, so we are not providing revenue or diluted earnings per share guidance at this time. As Carol mentioned, we expect the sale of UPS Freight to close during the second quarter, and today, we are reaffirming our capital allocation plans. To that end, we still expect capital expenditures to be about $4 billion. We have no plans to repurchase shares at this time, and our effective tax rate for the remainder of the year is expected to be around 23.5%. We repaid $1.5 billion of long-term debt maturities in the first quarter and in early April we repaid another $1 billion in debt, achieving our 2021 target of $2.5 billion in debt repayment. And lastly, on March 11, the American Rescue Plan Act was signed into law. This law protects certain multiemployer pension plans from becoming insolvent through 2051. And, in turn, eliminates our balance sheet liability for potential coordinating benefits related to the Central States Pension Fund. The passage of the law triggered us to remeasure the UPS IBT Pension plan at current discount rates, which have significantly increased since year-end. The result was a $6.4 billion reduction in our pension liability. Additional information is available in the Appendix section of today's earnings presentation. As Carol mentioned, a strong balance sheet is a core UPS principle, and we are absolutely moving in a positive direction. The reduction in pension liability and debt repayments have reduced our long-term obligations by $7.9 billion. Combined with our improving business performance, our leverage ratios have significantly improved. In closing, we are laser-focused on executing our strategy and look forward to sharing more with you at our June 9 Investor and Analyst Day. Thank you. And operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Ravi Shankar with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shankar: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Carol looking ahead to the June 9th Analyst Day. Can you share a little more color on how transformation 3.0 is going? Kind of what are some of the categories and buckets that you've outlined there? And if the  the cost savings part of that program can get up to the kind of 8% of the cost base that you saw in the transformation 2.0? Thank you.
Carol Tom: Thanks, Ravi, for your question. We're looking forward to the June Investor and Analyst Day, where we will give you much more color on our forward-looking outlook including what we're doing from a productivity perspective. As we think about productivity, we really want to move away from an event, in other words, a transformation event to actually a virtuous cycle. And we're starting that as you see in our results from the first quarter. If you look at our operating performance, we drove productivity in nearly every operating category. And when I think about productivity in the business, it's really about packages per hour. We had improvement in packages per hour in our sort, in our theater, in our hub operations. We saw productivity in our delivery. Our route density improved year-on-year, driven in large part by our ORION technology. So we're going to give you a lot more color as to what we're doing to drive productivity in the business at our Investor Day. One more comment on productivity and that relates to non-operations. What you refer to that Brian? It's transformation 2.0. And at the beginning of the year, we told you we were taking out $500 million of expense in our non-operations area. We're well down the path in that regard. We are on plan and we believe we will deliver that result by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry: Good morning. Thanks. Just in terms of domestic margins if I sort of applied normal sequential trends to the Q1 10.4 for the balance of the year, so Q2 to Q4 seems to imply a full year segment margin in the 11.5% range. So curious, I mean, is that the right way to think about it? And if not, what are some of the potential costs or mix headwinds that might be a sequential drag during the remaining quarters of the year? Thank you.
Brian Newman: Hi, Allison. It's Brian. I'll take that. So the one caveat to your question is I would be careful about applying a history to the future. And the reason I say that is that historically we've taken quite a bit of time to get the peak costs from November, December out of the domestic business. Nando in the U.S. operating team did a very good job this year, planning for it and pulling those costs out quite quickly. So the CPP growth was only 2% and RPP was over 10%. So, you had an eight point spread. We're confident the domestic margin is expanding this year. I would just be careful about extrapolating history to the future.
Allison Landry: Okay, great. Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Allison.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Yes. Hi, thanks. Good morning. Maybe I could pick up on that last point, Brian, so CPP plus 2%. I guess productivity is going into that. You obviously did a really good job with cost controls as well. How sustainable is that level of cost per piece increase going forward? Obviously, we understand what's going on with the pricing environment, but with volume decelerating, are you going to be able to maintain that level of cost control?
Brian Newman: Thanks, Chris. Look the  taking out of the temporary labor, the rentals, which we returned on an accelerated basis, those were a lot of the reasons. Chris, we were able to do to limit the growth of CPP to 2%. As Carol mentioned, there is a lot that goes into our costs. Its a combination of non-op and operating. Were going to continue to drive leverage throughout the system. Is 2% the number going forward? Were going to have more of a conversation about that in June. So I wont talk as much about the future, but we were pleased with the performance in the quarter and confident in our ability to continue operating leverage going forward.
Chris Wetherbee: All right. Thanks.
Brian Newman: All right, Chris.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good morning, just another question for you on Domestic margin. I think that's been a key point of debate. And obviously, you gave us a lot of good news to work with in the first quarter results. How do you think about what the most important year-over-year drivers were for that improvement? So B2B, I guess, was flat, but that's better than youve seen. Pricing was strong. I think you got some of the cost takeout from the $500 million program. But what do you think was most important year-over-year? And how do you think about the key drivers, whether you're kind of early in those or whether you're just kind of how much runway you have left on those key drivers of domestic improvement? Thank you.
Carol Tom: Well, maybe Ill start, Brian, and then turn it over to you. You've heard us talk about our better, not bigger framework. And that's really about optimizing the network. And you saw that take hold in the first quarter with over 63% of our average daily volume growth in the United States driven by small and medium-sized businesses. That was a large contributor to the growth in RPP in the quarter. And when you have a 10% growth in RPP, well, youre going to leverage the bottom line, and we did just that. So optimizing the network and leaning in to those opportunities of growth that  candidly the revenue quality is better for us, our customers like the offering, the end-to-end network that we present to them, thats really laying the future for our growth going forward. Coupled with health care, those two growth opportunities are a winning combination. We saw the same opportunity outside the United States too, with great SMB growth, 23% in our International business. So optimizing the network, leaning in to those areas of growth that are most attractive to us and winning in those areas certainly was a big part of the value equation, and it will be a big part of the value equation going forward, but you have to have productivity as well. We want productivity to be a virtuous cycle here. Every day, we should run a better business. And thats what were doing from a cost out perspective. You might just talk about casualty and the real impact that casualty had in the quarter.
Brian Newman: Yes, Tom, so we saw a benefit in casualty. It was about $90 million relative to prior year. And were really focused on the accident. Some of that was lapping at some Tier 3 accidents last Q1. But as Carol mentioned, were leveraging technology, telematics, to go after the auto frequency and severity challenge that has been in the industry. Additionally, workers comp, thats the other piece that goes into casualty. Thats driven by systemic turnover and training and the teams are really going about our arduous effort to attack that. So those trends dont turn overnight, but were seeing some demonstrated improvement.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks. Just on productivity, what was the net productivity number in domestic relative to the $500 million of non-operating savings? And then just, Carol, on the SMB point, I think, SMB growth is just so key to the revenue quality initiatives that you and UPS have. Youve obviously invested a lot in time in transit, fastest ground ever. Just in that context, how do you see the service products stacking up versus your main competitor after these investments in Fastest Ground Ever? And wondering if you just see the need to further invest in something like direct Sunday delivery outside of the USPS postal injection and what kind of cost or fixed cost absorption issues that has if you decide to go that route? Pun intended, I guess.
Carol Tom: Yes. So Ill take the latter part of the question. So our customers are responding to the investments that we made last year to speed up our time in transit, but there is no finish line here. So we continue to invest in time in transit. We are expanding our weekend deliveries. Our Saturday coverage will increase to 90% of the U.S. population by October and well go through the details of this at our June Investor Day. But to let you know what were doing, because were increasing our weekend delivery because our customers are demanding that. We love our SurePost product. SurePost was about 36% of the ADB growth in the first quarter. But the cool thing about SurePost is that 41% of that product was redirected back into the UPS network, which allows us to get delivery density. So thats a great way to think about how we can grow Sunday. So well be expanding our Sunday deliveries as well. We dont have enough time this morning, but we really look forward to the June Investor Conference, because were going to talk to you about how by expanding our network across seven days we can actually eliminate some of the lumpiness in the network in the middle of the week. And the lumpiness in the network in the middle of the week is causing some of the productivity deleverage that we see in our business. And if we can flatten out the demand, we can really get some great productivity. So well walk you through that algorithm at our June Investor Day.
Brian Newman: And on the topic of cost takeout, we spent roughly $6 billion in non-op we committed in 2021 and take $500 million out. Thats a start. There will be more next year. In the first quarter, we took $80 million of the $500 million out, which is exactly on our plan. So were tracking to deliver that $500 million associated. The big driver of that was about 1,700 headcount that have participated in the VSSP, the voluntary severance separation program. So were on-track and committed to the $500 million.
Carol Tom: And the cool thing about leveraging the seven-day network is that its capital-light, isnt it?
Brian Newman: Yes.
Carol Tom: Yes, well put some expense into the network. Well have to have some more drivers. Well have to have some more operators, some more package cards, but its pretty capital-light, I like that.
Brian Newman: Different type of investment.
Carol Tom: Yes, its different. Its like a different line item on the income statement
Brian Newman: That's right.
Carol Tom: rather than a depreciation expense coming off of capital. Its on the operations expense and we can lever that all day long to get the right revenue quality.
Amit Mehrotra: Love it. Thanks, guys. Congrats on the good quarter. Appreciate it.
Brian Newman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Good morning. Just want to touch on International, clearly benefiting from the macro. But would you expand a bit more on the internal efforts to grab more of that white space in the International markets? I think you called out SMB specifically in International, maybe early days. But trying to understand how you think of those internal initiatives evolving through the year in International. Any thoughts there?
Carol Tom: Yes. Were just scratching the surface on what we could do from a growth perspective without putting a lot of capital into the International business by creating what we have in the United States, which is the Digital Access Platform. Were very excited about introducing that into our International businesses. We really arent there today. But our customers in the U.S. want to sell through this platform outside the United States. So well be investing that in a major big way. And there are a number of other efforts underway, Allison. But I hate to keep kicking the can down to June, but were going to have Scott talk about all this at the June Investor Conference. So hold type for a little bit, and well give you more color.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hi, thanks. Morning. So I want to ask about some of the revenue drivers. So the volume just gets so funky going forward. Maybe can you give us some thoughts on April B2C and B2B volume trends? And how are you thinking about overall volumes in the second quarter, U.S. and International? And then just with that, right, the B2B, B2C mix should be meaningfully positive, you would think, going forward. So does that drive the RPP growth even higher on a year-over-year basis going forward? Thank you.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Scott. So Ill take it. From a trend perspective, April is off to a good start. And your point about B2C and B2B, were comping down 22% last year in the second quarter in terms of B2B. So we would expect the commercial side of the business to come back. In the first quarter it was still down 0.6% in the U.S., but in the month of March it was actually up 8%. So there were signs of life that it was coming back domestically. Internationally, we actually posted plus 10% on the B2B side in the first quarter. So as we think about the next quarter, the comps in the U.S. down 22%, give us reason to believe that the commercial side will come back and obviously our density in our commercial side of the business is more attractive than the residential side, so that'll be another positive.
Carol Tom: And as you build your model, I think it's just important, given the year-over-year comparisons and the funkiness of the volume, just expect revenue to grow faster than volumes.
Scott Group: But do you have any color; are B2C volumes, up, down, overall volumes up, down? Any color you can give us would be great.
Carol Tom: B2C volumes are up.
Brian Newman: They are. Yes.
Scott Group: Great. Thank you, guys.
Brian Newman: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hi, great. Congrats and good morning. So just maybe a little bit on that future growth. I guess, just to clarify that last comment there, Carol. So you're still expecting positive growth against  despite the up 25% kind of  or double-digit growth in Ground and Export for the rest of the year? Just to clarify that last point. And then focusing on International a bit. Maybe your thoughts, are you starting to see Europe rebound at all given the lockdowns? Or is that more still just B2C still growing there because of the lockdowns and not yet seeing that B2B rebound?
Brian Newman: So Ken, maybe I'll take the first part and Carol can handle the second. From a growth perspective, just picking up on the last comment, yes, we expect positive growth, maybe not the 14% ADB we saw in the first quarter, but certainly positive growth.
Carol Tom: And on the International side, as we talked about, our Export business was up in all geographies outside of the United States. As it relates to Europe itself, we had outstanding export volume in the 20%. And our European business is the biggest part of our export business, making up over 60% of our Export business. So Europe really matters to our International performance. I might just comment on the U.K., it's really interesting what we're seeing in the U.K. Our Domestic U.K. business is quite strong. Our Export business out of the U.K. is great, export outside of the intercontinent. But there's been some Brexit disruption, candidly, that weve had to work through. We're not alone. Everybody has tried to work through the Brexit disruption, U.K. to the intercontinent.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to go back to productivity for a second. I know, last quarter, you mentioned delivery density was a bit of a headwind. Clearly, the mix is starting to improve. This is a hard metric to really turn the corner on. It sounds like a lot of other things are moving positive. So do you expect you can improve stop density  residential stop density independent of mix? Or is that something that you think mix is just going to take care of it, and it's less about what you can do and more about what type of business that you have? Any thoughts on that would be appreciated.
Carol Tom: Sure. If we look at delivery density for the quarter, it was down slightly year-on-year, but improved from both the third and fourth quarter of last year. So the sequential trends are good. Clearly, that's a part of the mix change. But we don't want to just rely on the mix change to improve delivery density. We want to be in control of our density or destiny I should say. And so we've got a number of pilots underway to see if we can improve delivery density, and we'll touch upon some of those pilots at our June Investor Day.
Brian Ossenbeck: Okay. Look forward to it, then. Thank you.
Carol Tom: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes, hi. I know you guys have talked about it, I think you mentioned surcharges are still in place. Mix is helping all that stuff in profitability. Can you maybe discuss a little bit the core price aspect, which I think is part of the revenue quality? And I'm sure you'll touch on it on the Analyst Day, but where are you on the contract renegotiation process? And how far through, how much room do you have? Is it going as expected? Thanks.
Carol Tom: So as a matter, of course, we have a number of longer-term contracts that come up for renewal every year. And when those contracts come up for renewals, we negotiate through those. And our team, Kate and team have done a masterful job of managing through that, those contract renewals in this very challenging demand environment.
Jordan Alliger: So would you  is there a certain time frame in terms of runway? Is it like a two, three-year process of going through the contracts? And any ideas around that?
Carol Tom: It never ends. I mean, every year, there are a number of contracts that come up for renewal because we have staggered maturities. So I think this is a virtuous cycle as well.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Carol, could you please elaborate a little bit on the vaccine distribution? It sounds like there's a lot of momentum going International. Just curious about the profitability characteristics of the program and the magnitude? Thanks.
Carol Tom: Well, I don't think it's appropriate for me to talk about the profitability of a product, but we can talk broadly about our health care business, which includes vaccines. And our health care business is very nutritive to the overall business. As Brian commented, we had the best top line and bottom-line performance ever. We do make money on vaccines, as you can appreciate, principally because of the value-added attributes to the vaccines. UPS Premier is a special label that goes on top of the package. The label has a battery inside. So we can track that package wherever it is throughout our network. We stood up a command center to watch that package wherever it is throughout the network. And these are precious vaccines, and we want to make sure they get to their dosing sites on time and were able to do that with 99.9% on-time delivery. So clearly, theres a value add and value is defined by what the customers are willing to pay for. So hopefully, that helps you understand the profitability of that segment.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thank you for the time, everybody. Just a couple of questions on pension. Brian, does this  the changes mean that the yellow and reds on your  on the pension plan all go to green now? And I think at the end of the year, you were 80% funded for 2020. What is the change due to your pension contributions for 2021? And does that bring you into fully funded status?
Brian Newman: So, yes, most of our measures go into green. The benefit we saw was a combination, Helane of the Central State reversal liability for $5.5 billion. We also had to remeasure the IBT plan at the end of the quarter. That combined with the asset returns was close to another $1 billion, $900 million. So that's the $6.4 billion. So that's a reduction in liabilities for us. The funded status, the IBT plan, will actually be funded at 100%. So that's a positive. And going forward, from a P&L perspective, the P&L benefit aside from the asset base, we'll see about a $50 million reduced service cost on a quarterly basis going forward. So it has both a liability balance sheet impact as well as a P&L benefit. And as far as funded status, we update that when we remeasure based on discount rates. So that moves up and moves down, but clearly, the liability was favorable for us.
Carol Tom: I think, Brian, its [indiscernible] 80% number, the relative number is 90% for all the pension plan.
Brian Newman: For all pension plans. Obviously, I was talking IBT specific, yes. Yes. So we're still close to 90%, Helane, across all three pension plans.
Helane Becker: Okay. That's great. Thank you very much.
Brian Newman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking my question. So, Brian, I don't want to steal your thunder for the June analyst meeting, but we do have a call here. So can you talk about capital priorities going ahead, especially with these changes on the pension side? You guys do have a lot of cash here, and you explicitly said no share repurchases as of now. So can you talk through like the thought process going forward?
Brian Newman: Yes, happy to Brandon. So our thought process hasn't changed from a principal perspective. The first allocation of capital will be into the business. Obviously, with the type of returns, the improving domestic business and the growth in international supply chain and health care, were going to continue to invest in those businesses. And investments will not just take the form of CapEx. There are new investments in SaaS and capabilities that we're putting in from an OpEx perspective. So we'll do that. We're committed to the dividend. We'll have a capital discussion in the June conference. So I don't want to front run that discussion. And then obviously, improving the flexibility of the balance sheet, which we're making good strides on. And that share repo, we dont have any plans to repurchase shares currently. But as Carol said on the last call, we'll continue to look and evaluate that going forward.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jairam Nathan of Daiwa. Please go ahead.
Jairam Nathan: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So I just wanted to understand your thinking with regard to some new last mile competition with companies like Uber, DoorDash and the others. So do you see yourself, UPS and the industry, coexist and use the last mile competition as some second to USPS here, especially we have noticed these companies have been pretty aggressive on the price side and last to enter these markets. So I just wanted to kind of understand the thought process here?
Carol Tom: Yes. Long gone are the days when we describe our competitive set as those headquartered in Memphis and those headquartered in Washington, D.C. or those headquartered on the West Coast. And there are lots of players that are coming into the supply chain. And everybody wants a little piece of the pie. And our job is to keep them out of the pie that we want to eat, and we are doing that by investing in the capabilities that the customers matter most. And again, without  I'm sorry to be wasting your time, hopefully not today, but we're going to kick the can down the road one more time because we're going to talk to you about the enabling capabilities that we are investing in at our June Investor Conference to continue to offer the services that matter most to the customers that we want to serve.
Jairam Nathan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up from the line of Todd Fowler of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler: Hey. Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. It sounds like that SMB and health care were really big contributors to the growth within U.S. Domestic this quarter. Can you talk about the opportunity  the longer-term opportunity, kind of where you're at in your progress with those initiatives? And then how do we think about the balance between some of your existing legacy accounts in that business as you focus on growth with SMB and healthcare? Thanks.
Carol Tom: Our focus on SMB and health care does not take away our desire to grow our large enterprise accounts, which are many large retailers. And if I look at those large enterprise accounts, which we very much appreciate the relationship we have with those customers, they were very growthy. In the first quarter, they grew mid-teens. So that's very growthy compared to what we were up against. So we will continue to invest in that experience as well. But we're really looking at an end-to-end experience and have discovered 16 customer journeys, where we can  based on customer feedback, where we can make improvements; and based on those improvements, get stickiness with those customers. And those customer journeys are as true for our SMB customers as they are for our enterprise customers. And we'll talk more about that at our June Investor Day.
Todd Fowler: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: Hey. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just related to that SMB. I think, Carol, a few quarters ago, you talked about what percentage of your Domestic business was SMB, I think it was maybe 25%. Wondering if you can update us on that. Obviously, it's growing a lot, but off a smaller base. And maybe  I dont know if you're willing to do this, but just update us on what Amazon is as a percentage of revenue, because, obviously, SMB is growing faster than your enterprise customers of the Amazon to your largest. And given that's a big topic of discussion, I'm wondering if you could discuss that a little bit?
Carol Tom: Well, I'll tell you the SMB as a percent of total is 27%. So we've shown a nice increase in penetration there. We're delighted with that. And we disclose Amazon at the end of every year, so I think we'll just wait to do that.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Scott Childress: Stephen, before we go, we've got time for probably one more question this morning.
Operator: Alrighty. Our final question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead, sir.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Question is about the commercial side of the house. Are you rethinking the approach on better not bigger based on your success in growing volume to date at a decent degree of operating leverage? And could you comment on whether you're starting to see any customer churn as a result of pricing and revenue quality initiatives?
Carol Tom: So we love our commercial business, and we're delighted to see it coming back. When we think about the segments that we serve from a commercial perspective, the largest segment is retail. And as retailers start to open their stores, we expect that to come back in a meaningful way, and that would be a great business for us. So we look forward to the economy continuing to recover and our commercial business coming back as well.
Operator: Thank you, sir. I'd like to turn the floor back over to our host, Mr. Scott Childress, for any closing remarks, please.
Scott Childress: Thank you, Stephen. This concludes our call, and we want to thank everyone for joining us and hope that you have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And after the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning and welcome to the UPS fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tome, our CEO and Brian Newman, our CFO. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we will make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectation for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2019 Form 10-K, subsequently filed Form 10-Qs and other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. For the fourth quarter of 2020, GAAP results included a non-cash, after-tax, mark-to-market pension charge of $4.9 billion and after-tax transformation charge of $114 million and an after-tax impairment charge of $545 million related to the Companys decision to sell UPS Freight. The after-tax total for these items is $5.6 billion, an impact to the fourth quarter of 2020 EPS of $6.38 per diluted share. The mark-to-market pension charge of $4.9 billion included a benefit from higher-than-anticipated asset returns, which did not fully offset the negative impact of lower discount rates. It also included the remainder of our current best estimate of potential Central States coordinating benefits as of December 31st, 2020. Additional details regarding the year-end pension charges will be available in a presentation posted to our Investor Relations website later today. Unless stated otherwise, our comments will refer to adjusted results, which exclude the year-end pension charges, transformation cost and non-cash impairment charge. The webcast of todays call along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on UPS Investor Relations website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions] And now, I will turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tome: Thank you, Scott. We have a lot to cover with you this morning. We were very busy in the fourth quarter. I will review our peak season and then provide an update on our strategic progress. Brian will cover the financial details for the quarter and then finish with an outlook for 2021. Let me begin with a huge thank you to our more than 540,000 UPSers for not only delivering one of the best peaks in our Company history, but also for their extraordinary efforts throughout 2020. UPSers are essential workers and I could not be more proud of the team. In a year unlike any other, they delivered what matters. Looking at the fourth quarter, our results were strong and considerably better than we expected. Consolidated revenue in the quarter rose 21% from last year to $24.9 billion and operating profit grew 26% from last year to $2.9 billion. This is the highest quarterly operating profit in the Companys history with record profit produced in each segment. For the year, UPS generated record revenue of $84.6 billion with growth in all three segments. We increased operating profit by 7% to $8.7 billion and we generated diluted earnings per share of $8.23, an increase of 9.3%. Turning back to the fourth quarter, let me address our holiday peak performance. The environment was very dynamic, largely due to market demand exceeding market supply, but we were ready. Our early collaboration with customers and a disciplined approach to executing our peak plans proved to be very successful. We delivered industry leading service levels, which in turn accelerated new customer requests for our services. As peak holiday approached, we saw SMBs, our small and medium-sized businesses increasingly turn to UPS. In the U.S., in the fourth quarter, SMB volume grew 28.5%, outpacing our larger customers, which grew by 4%. By running the network with more discipline and through the deployment of new tools, we reduced what we refer to as chaos costs, or costs associated with bottlenecks and over time pay. Additionally, SurePost redirect reached a new record in December. Nearly 50% of SurePost volume was delivered by UPS drivers, optimizing our network. And just a comment about peak outside of the U.S., it was a very peaky peak with the highest volume in our history, delivered with excellent service levels. And while this peak was one of our best, we know that we can do even better. We have identified additional areas for improvement and are including them in our peak 2021 planning. During the height of the peak season, the FDA and other health authorities approved the use of COVID-19 vaccines. We were ready for this, as we have reserve capacity in our network. We have been in the healthcare logistics business for more than 15-years. Our expertise in cold chain logistics positions us well and thus far, we have provided above 99% service for vaccine delivery. Looking back to 2020, we laid a strong foundation for future success. On my first earnings call in July, I mentioned that we were operationalizing our strategy; customer first, people led, innovation-driven, through a better not bigger framework. We are making solid progress. From a customer first perspective, speed and enabling capabilities are very important. Our goal is to provide the best digital experience powered by our smart global logistics network and were targeting our solutions to high-yielding sectors like SMBs, among others. Weve moved the needle on speed. For the year, weekend ground volume was, up 93.9% over last year. And SMB volume on our fastest ground ever lanes grew by 40% in the fourth quarter since we improved these lanes. We now have more than 700,000 accounts in DAP, which is our digital access program and revenue from that program grew more than 360% in 2020. We expect our DAP revenues to reach $1 billion in 2021. People-led focuses on building a better workplace for our people. Over the past several months, weve addressed some of the pain points here and early feedback has been very positive. In fact, we have seen a 13 percentage point improvement in likelihood to recommend, the primary metric we use to measure progress on our people led initiative. As Brian will detail, during the quarter, we accelerated certain annual bonus awards that were paying out over 5 years. Going forward, our annual management incentive plan will pay out in one year and will include targets for return on invested capital. Further, we are simplifying our sales incentive programs and incorporating profitability targets into those programs. These changes better align employee performance to the interests of all shareowners. People led also means creating fewer, but more impactful jobs and lowering our non-operating costs. Brian will provide you with an update on our transformation activities. Innovation-driven means driving higher returns on the capital we deploy using new tools, processes and technologies. Driving higher returns starts by improving our revenue quality and here our efforts are working. In the fourth quarter, U.S. domestic revenue per piece was up 7.8%, the highest growth weve seen in more than 10-years. While this year-over-year growth rate reflects peak surcharges, it also reflects a change in mix, as SMBs accounted for 64% of U.S. average daily volume growth in the quarter. We also saw solid SMB volume growth outside of the U.S. Lastly we have tightened the linkage between our investments and returns. As I mentioned back in July, with the exception of our five core principles, everything else is under review. Last week, we announced that we had entered into an agreement to sell UPS Freight, our LTL business unit. UPS Freight is a capital-intensive low returning business. We do not need to own this business to provide an LTL solution for our customers. With the disposition of UPS Freight, we will be smaller, but we will be better, as without it, we will see an improvement in our operating margins and return on invested capital. Being better not bigger also means de-risking our balance sheet. We will use the proceeds from the sale of UPS Freight to pay down long-term debt. Looking ahead, uncertainty remains. While we are optimistic about the future, we dont know the pace of the vaccine rollout or the impact that a continuing pandemic will have on the global economy. On the other hand, we dont think e-commerce sales as a percentage of retail sales will decline, which means continued supply and demand imbalances. This scenario supports our efforts to improve revenue quality, while optimizing our existing network. These efforts coupled with a relentless focus on productivity and effective capital allocation should result in both operating margin expansion and higher return on invested capital in 2021. But until we have more certainty with the economic environment, we are not providing revenue or earnings per share guidance. Let me close with a note of reflection. I have been in the CEO chair since June 1 and has been an honor and a privilege to serve especially this year, a year the world wont forget. UPS is a purpose-driven company with a proud past and an even brighter future. I am excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. And with that, I will turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol and good morning. In my comments today, I will cover four areas: starting with high level macroeconomic trends; then the results for each of our business segments; next, Ill review full year cash and shareowner returns; and lastly, Ill wrap up with some color on our 2021 outlook, including full-year guidance for capital allocation. Lets start with the macro, which can be best described as dynamic and has created both opportunities and obstacles pushing business activity in multiple directions. Global GDP for the fourth quarter is expected to finish down 1.7%, a slight improvement versus the third quarter. In the U.S., reported consumer sentiment in December was 80.7, up 3.8 points from November and consumers continued to shop online with year-over-year growth for non-store retail sales, up 24.3% to finish at 20.9% of all U.S. retail sales in the fourth quarter. On the commercial side of the U.S. economy, growth in industrial production during the fourth quarter remained negative at minus 4.7% year-over-year, but improved 180 basis points from the third quarter. Overall, macro conditions are weak. However, the shift in buying patterns generated elevated residential demand. Moving to performance, for the quarter, consolidated revenue, profit and EPS were all up more than 20%. UPS consolidated revenue increased 21% to $24.9 billion and operating profit totaled $2.9 billion, 26% higher than last year. The operating margin for the company expanded to 11.5%, which was 40 basis points above last year and diluted earnings per share was $2.66, up 26.1% from the same period last year. Our strong fourth quarter financial results provide a glimpse into our strategic progress and what is possible. Moving into the segments, in U.S. domestic, our success was driven by our revenue quality efforts and a disciplined approach to executing our peak plans. As expected, average daily volume increased 8.9% year-over-year to a total of 25.2 million packages per day. More importantly, customer mix improved, SMB volume growth accelerated 980 basis points sequentially, going from 18.7% growth in the third quarter to 28.5% in the fourth. Both SMBs and our larger customers grew residential shipments across air and ground products. Overall, B2C shipments increased 19.9% year-over-year and represented 67% of total volume. Conversely, both SMBs and large customers shipped fewer B2B packages on a year-over-year basis. B2B average daily volume finished down 8.3%. Healthcare and automotive were bright spots and delivered single-digit B2B growth. However, they were unable to offset weakness in retail and high-tech. For the quarter, U.S. domestic generated its highest ever quarterly revenue, up 17.4% to $15.7 billion, driven by growth in ground products. We are extremely pleased with our revenue quality efforts, which were well above our expectations. More specifically, SMB growth accelerated and we had higher-than-anticipated peak season surcharge revenue. As a result, reported revenue per piece grew 7.8% year-over-year with ground revenue per piece, up 11.2%. Turning to costs, expenses were up 17.7% over the fourth quarter of last year and cost per piece was up 8.2%. Our expenses grew faster than revenue, due to several factors: first, in 2019, we had $150 million in expense reductions from alternative fuel tax credits and lower management incentives that did not repeat; second, total delivery stops increased by 15.7%, due to high growth in single piece shipments and lower delivery density increased cost by $185 million; third, in the quarter, we had higher benefit expenses of $100 million related to the employees hired early in 2020; and finally, as Carol mentioned, in the fourth quarter, we elected to accelerate the vesting of certain previous compensation awards, a one-time expense impact of $129 million. If you ignore the impact of the accelerated vesting of awards, we would have leveraged expense in the quarter. When we look specifically at our peak period, despite the complexities, our operators and engineers executed extremely well. Together, with the sales teams, we controlled volume that entered the network avoiding chaos costs, while delivering best-in-class service. As one example, over time hours in our operations in December went down 7.7%, compared to last year. Pulling it all together, in the fourth quarter, the U.S. generated $1.4 billion in operating profit, an increase of 14.3%, compared to last year. Moving to international, the segment delivered another quarter of record operating profit. We exceeded our volume expectation with total average daily volume, up 21.9%, driven by export and domestic volume growth in all regions. We added 365 flights above our normal schedules to support high market demand for our export services. In fact, total exports grew 27.8% on a year-over-year basis, led by Asia exports, up 45% and Europe exports, up 30.7%. B2C average daily volume grew 104.1%, while B2B was up 2%, the first quarterly B2B growth in 2020. For the quarter, international revenue was up 26.8% to $4.8 billion. Revenue per piece was up 3.8% and cost per piece was, up 0.3% year-over-year, which generated positive operating leverage in the quarter. For the fourth quarter, International delivered operating profit of $1.2 billion, an increase of 43.4% and operating margin expanded 280 basis points to 24.3%. Operating profit and margin are both record highs for the segment. Looking at supply chain and freight, the segment results were excellent, with revenue, up 29% to $4.4 billion. Strong market demand drove revenue and profit growth in almost all business units. Forwarding had another great quarter, led by elevated demand out of Asia. Our LTL business grew operating profit by focusing on revenue quality efforts and healthcare had its best quarterly top line and bottom line growth ever, driven by outbound direct-to-patient shipments, all while providing near-perfect service in late December for COVID-19 vaccine deliveries. Overall in supply chain and freight, operating profit was $331 million, an increase of 26.3% year-over-year. Walking down our income statement, we had $175 million of interest expense. Other pension income was $327 million. And lastly, our effective tax rate came in at 23.2%. Now, lets turn to cash and shareowner returns. Our cash flow was strong throughout the year. We generated $10.5 billion in cash from operations, which included a benefit of $1.1 billion related to the CARES Act federal payroll tax deferral offset by pension contributions, totaling $3.1 billion. Capital investments totaled $5.6 billion, which includes 16 new aircraft; 16,000 new vehicles; and 18 facilities added to our Smart Global Logistics Network. All of which resulted in free cash flow for 2020 of $5.1 billion. In 2020, UPS distributed $3.6 billion in dividends, which represents a 5.2% increase on a per share basis over 2019. Moving to our outlook for 2021, as Carol mentioned, due to the continuing economic uncertainty, we are not providing revenue or diluted earnings per share guidance at this time. But I do want to give you some color as you think about 2021. First, let me update you on what we have been calling Transformation 2.0. Through a combination of various programs, we plan to reduce our non-operating expenses by more than $500 million in 2021. As Carol mentioned, we are focused on creating fewer, but more impactful jobs; second, we expect the sale of UPS Freight will close during the second quarter of 2021. So, you will want to adjust your models accordingly; third, we are gaining traction on our revenue quality initiatives. As a result, we would expect our small package revenue in 2021 to grow faster than our average daily volume. As we further evaluate the year, one of our wildly important initiatives is to review our network design and look at alternatives for how we expand capacity. And finally, because of our revenue quality initiatives, along with our actions to drive higher levels of productivity and take costs out, we expect operating margin and return on invested capital to expand. And just to comment on the first half of the year, we will face more difficult comps in the second quarter of 2021 than in the first quarter. As a result, we anticipate much stronger year-over-year financial results in the first quarter relative to the second quarter. While it is early in the quarter now, we are pleased with how the year has begun. Looking at full year capital allocation in 2021, we expect capital expenditures to be about $4 billion with 40% allocated to maintenance CapEx, 50% for both technology initiatives and network capabilities in 2021 with over half of this investment being deployed to international and healthcare. And the remaining 10% for growth projects that will come online after 2021. Dividends are expected to grow subject to Board approval. And to further strengthen the balance sheet, we will payoff $2.5 billion of funded debt. We have no plans to repurchase shares or access the debt capital markets. And lastly, our effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 23.5%. Before I wrap up, I would like to confirm that we will host an Investor Meeting on June 9th, where we will share multi-year financial targets and our specific plans for how we will achieve those targets. In closing, we are laser focused on executing our strategy and leaning into the best market opportunities to improve the financial performance of the company, provide the best customer experience and benefit our shareowners. Thank you. And operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everybody. Congrats on the good results. Brian, just on your margin comment just wondering if you can clarify in the second quarter, if you expect margins to be up year-over-year in the second quarter? I understand the tougher comp I am just trying to get a sense of how you are thinking about on a year-over-year basis? And then I was just hoping also you can help us think about yield and cost per package. As we progress through 2021, yield progress has been great, but just wondering if thats something you can continue to sustain or build upon in 2021? Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yes, Amit, happy to take that. So, from a yield perspective, very happy with the progress, particularly in the U.S. business, we went from Q2 yield was minus 4%, 4.4%, we are flat in Q3 and up 7.8% in Q4. So, I think youve heard us talk about the revenue quality actions weve been implementing. Its a combination of mix; its a combination of surcharges and customer actions. So, I think the progress speaks for itself. In terms of op margins for 2021, as I mentioned, were committed to expanding our domestic op margin in the year. I wont get into Q1 versus Q2. Well certainly give you some more guidance and clarity when we get together in June to talk about the second half of the year. But suffice it to say, the combination of revenue quality and cost actions will expand domestic margins in year.
Amit Mehrotra: But just one quick related to that, the cost per package inflation was pretty high in the quarter and you obviously called out with some specific items. As we look at the progression over this year, the yield dynamics look sticky, maybe cost per package can come down, at least the inflation and cost per package can come down, especially as you get B2B recovery. Is that a fair way to think about the spread between cost  pricing cost per piece as we progress through the year relative to obviously what it was in the fourth quarter?
Brian Newman: Yes. Amit, I think we talked on the last quarter about some of the headwinds we are walking into in the fourth quarter of 20. We had 40,000 employees coming on, which was about $100 million headwind, we are investing in fastest ground ever. I guess, what I would call your attention to, if youre looking for margin progression and progress, we made an attentional decision as Carol mentioned to accelerate the vesting of some awards. And if you back that out, that was worth about 80 basis points. So, we would have actually generated positive leverage in Q4. So, as you think about that relationship, we would have seen positive leverage if we chose not to pull that forward. Hopefully, that answers.
Amit Mehrotra: Yes, got it. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Brian Newman: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning. Wanted to give you I guess another angle on the domestic package margin. Congratulations on the strong results as well I should say that first. How do you think about the, kind of, the factors that may be drive stronger or weaker performance in domestic package margin improvement as you kind of look on a  2021? Is it how well B2B recovers? Is its kind of your cost initiatives and do we think about, kind of, a building as you look out in quarters and even look further out in the pace of margin improvement? So, I guess just a couple things, trying to get more of a sense, not a number. I know you dont want to give that, but how we think about the levers and whether that improvement is something that accelerates maybe beyond the second quarter comment you gave?
Carol Tome: Maybe, I will start Brian and then turn it to you. We look at Q4 as a turning point in our company where our revenue grew faster than our ADB and that was driven really by three factors in the U.S. We were  beat our U.S. expectations on the top line by nearly $850 million and it was driven by higher peak surcharges. It was driven by a change in mix as we called out with that increase in SMB, almost 29% and it was driven by the actions that we started last year to optimize our network all along the better not bigger framework and we think this has proved positive that better not bigger will work. And in the face of the demand capacity constraints, we believe that will continue. So, as we look forward to 2021, we expect our revenue to grow faster than our ADB, which provides leveraging opportunities, but it doesnt stop at the top line. It also means continued productivity on the bottom line. So, Brian called out our actions to take out $500 million of costs. Thats cost being eliminated from our company and then we are driving productivity in our operations expense lines as well. So, its a combination of better revenue quality and productivity that will lead to margin expansion not just in 2021, but beyond. Now were going to lay this out for you in great detail at our Investor Conference in June. So, I hate to kick the can to June, but were going to kick the can to June a bit because weve got some more work to do. Brian, anything you want to add to that?
Brian Newman: Just Tom, on the Q4 the inflection Carol referenced, I think, if you look back the last decade or so, we were  we are used to seeing peak in Q4 margins actually decelerate, go down from Q3. This was actually an inflection point where we actually saw an 8.6% go to an 8.8% on a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis. So, I think the levers were pulling on revenue, the levers were pulling on cost that Carol referenced, were looking for the right glide path, but well give you more clarity on that.
Tom Wadewitz: Great, thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead, sir.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, good morning, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask you about the capital intensity of growth. I think Brian, you mentioned youre looking at network design and expanding some capacities. So, maybe you can clarify if thats in the U.S. Domestic or more broadly speaking across the whole network? And then, just when you think about automation, how much more investment do you think you need to do there to, to sort of get this sort of leverage that youre talking about, if we still see a pretty big step up in B2C and e-commerce throughout the next year?
Carol Tome: Well, Ill talk  take the automation question. By the end of 2021, we expect that 88% of our packages will go through an automated assort. So, were reaching sort of where we wanted to be in that regard. That doesnt though talk about robots and what we are doing with robot application inside of our domestic business. Weve got some interesting pilots underway that are actually starting to take traction, particularly as it relates to label applications and well be happy to share with you more information in that regard too. Its pretty exciting when I think about what we can do from that perspective longer term. In terms of how were spending our capital this year, Brian, you might want to talk about that.
Brian Newman: Sure. So, weve  we pivoted a little bit the buildings and auto piece is going to represent about $2 billion of the $4 billion. We do have about $1.6 billion of maintenance that we need to continue to invest in the business and were reserving the balance for growth. I think the shift towards higher return, were going for shorter-term paybacks in areas like international and healthcare and technology. Those are areas that were pivoting to, to generate capture the growth in high return areas.
Carol Tome: Maybe a little bit more specificity here. Well expand or retrofit about 7 buildings in 2021, its about 2 million square feet that will be added, 130,000 packages per hour. We are adding 11 new aircraft, which will certainly help support the demand that were seeing outside of the United States. So, were planning to grow. So, we are planning to grow smartly. Its about being better not bigger.
Brian Ossenbeck : Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, maam.
Allison Landry: Thanks. Good morning. So, just sort of wanted to ask another question about domestic revenues growing faster than volume, obviously youre focusing on SMBs and other high-margin sectors. But how do we think about just broadly growth at the largest customers? Are you taking any specific actions, price or otherwise to materially reduce exposure to some of the low margin, but high-volume business? And then lastly, if you could just speak to your thoughts on the sustainability of the SMB growth rate? Thanks.
Carol Tome: So, lets just address the elephant in the room, which is our largest customer. We have over 19 million customers. Amazon is our largest customer, we enjoyed growth with that customer in 2020. If you look at total revenues for our company in 20, Amazon now makes up about 13.3% of our total revenues, up from 11.6% last year. But we had growth in other customers as well. As we look at our large enterprise customers, in the fourth quarter alone, we had enterprise customers, who were growing at 80% year-on-year. Full-year, we had enterprise customers, who were growing 100% year-on-year. So, we see growth across the board. To your question, Allison about the stickiness of the SMB customer, we are laser-focused here, because this is such an important customer to us and when we think values are end-to-end network. So, we have 16 customer journeys that we are investing into  to improve the customer experience. Now it started with our fastest ground ever initiative and we made good progress in that regard, but we are not done, we know theres more we can do to invest in that  at that experience, because speed really matters for this customer, but its also about a frictionless digital experience. And Ill just give you one example of our 16 customer journeys, thats our billing system. If you look at our billing system for our SMB customers, compared to our competitors and if you did a Harvey ball comparison, you would see that many of our Harvey balls are empty, which means our capabilities are well at a competitive disadvantage. This is a system that was built by UPS years ago, gods sake, I dont know how long ago, but years ago. We are replacing that system with a new SaaS provided software application and when you do the capability comparison against what we will have against our competitors, lower best-in-class. That matters to this customer, because the billing system can be personalized for their experience and every SMB customer is different. Now we cant have this in every country around the world, because some countries require paper still today, but in many countries, we can install this billing system and we believe that will result in stickiness, its also about the solutions that we provide. When we provide solutions to our customers, we see they stick with us. And the numbers are quite impressive in terms of the stickiness, if they have a solution and dont have a solution. So, we continue to invest in that. And at our June 9th Investor Conference, were going to unpack this in pretty good detail for you, so you can get a sense of what were talking about. The one other data point that I will share with you is churn and I think we talked about churn on my first earnings call didnt we. Weve got laser focus on SMB churn. What we saw in December is our churn improved for the company year-over-year, the first month this year and we think thats really in large part, because of the customer journeys were investing in and our fastest ground ever. And as a reminder, every point of churn improvement in the United States is about $170 million of revenue.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, maam.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Just turning back to the commercial customer within that B2B segment, clearly the industrial production has been on a positive trend line. Is that something youre seeing within your business as well? Any thoughts from your customers in that segment in terms of how theyre thinking about 2021, any color on that segment?
Carol Tome: Well, to your point Allison, the trends are certainly encouraging in terms of what were seeing from a production perspective. Our largest commercial account is actually retail and its related to the stores and how product flows to stores. So, until we see more store openings, we think our commercial business could be under some pressure, but we did see some gross signs that Brian you called out some signs of growth, didnt you?
Brian Newman: Yes, we saw in the industrial side, Allison, that healthcare and auto were positive. Also, if we look internationally, we actually saw Asia and Europe contribute with a high-tech in international, in particular, we saw 2% positive B2B growth in the quarter in international, that was the first positive sign in 2020. So hopefully, the B2B translate about the same, down 8% in the U.S., but hopefully with  as the sectors come back and as Carol mentioned, as retail opens back up, we can grow that as well.
Carol Tome: There is just still so much uncertainty isnt there? Because until we get this pandemic under control, its a little bit walking [indiscernible]
Allison Poliniak: I understood. Thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Good morning and solid results. Just, Brian, can you clarify that margin comment? That was just domestic or were you talking overall? And then I guess my question would be on the $500 million transformation, is that the employee reductions that youve already done or are there other projects in the Transformation 2.0? I dont know, if you also want to detail what was in the charges that you had this quarter? Thanks.
Brian Newman: Yes. So on those two, Ken, the margin comment I was referring to was domestic, where were looking to expand that on a year-over-year basis and committing to do that. The Transformation 2.0, I called out $500 million of benefit in 2021, thats related specifically to what we call Transformation 2.0, the non-operating spend. The gross number on it was actually $750 million. So, net of some investments, it was $500 million for the year. But please remember, when we talked about Transformation, this was a non-op initiative, were reducing our non-op spend by about 8%. So, thats a good first step. Were going to move into Transformation 3.0 and get after the operating cost inside the business, which is the next wave and I think well provide more detail and clarity on that as we get to June.
Ken Hoexter: Just to clarify, so youre commenting on domestic, but youre not sending any target for international, right or would you commit to it being up as well?
Brian Newman: So, from a margin perspective, my reference was that domestic would expand, were going to talk to you about the full-year margins when we get to June 9, Ken. So, theres a lot of volatility going on right now, Asia, Europe, etcetera so, more clarity to come on that.
Carol Tome: If youre trying to build a model, I think we could help you if youre trying to build a model that you should plan for operating profit to grow outside of the United States.
Ken Hoexter: Yes, yes.
Carol Tome: The margin question is highly dependent on supply and demand and whether or not surcharges will be maintained. We are holding today. The question is, will they hold for the balance of the year? Well have much more clarity on that in June.
Ken Hoexter: Thank you, Carol, Brian. Appreciate the time.
Brian Newman: Yes. Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Next up, we have David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead, sir.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning. A question for you on the topic around surcharges and holding your surcharges, as youre looking out at renegotiating contracts and talking to your customers, given the tightness of last years market, can you give us some color on the receptivity of customers to be working with you either through taking rate increases or working to help drive efficiencies at the edges of the network that would help, kind of, make the customer base either a little bit stickier or more profitable as we get into 21 or 22?
Carol Tome: We are very pleased with the relationships that we have with our good customers. This has been a challenging year for all of us. We have all exceeded this or enjoy this unprecedented demand, which is candidly pressure, but as we work through it, weve been able to land really I think very favorable contracts for us and for our customers. Its really about optimizing the network, leaning into the customer segments that values our end-to-end network.
David Vernon: And are those surcharges going to be re-based into todays rates or how do we see that playing out?
Carol Tome: The way you should think about it is very different than in the past. Were moving to more personalized pricing.
David Vernon: Thank you.
Carol Tome: Youre welcome.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, sir.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi, just a quick follow-up on some of the density and productivity around the domestic front. I know that may still be to come on transformation. But can you maybe talk a little bit assuming e-commerce obviously remains elevated, residential remains elevated. There are a couple things you could point to that may be improve like stops per house or improve that delivery density, which you mentioned was a financial impact in the fourth quarter? And then secondly, just a quick follow-up when you mentioned the financial outlook for the second  first quarter as being better than the second quarter, Im assuming youre talking about year-over-year profit growth on that front? Thanks.
Brian Newman: Let me take the second. So yes, Jordan, youre right. On a year-over-year profit growth, certainly the margins, were lapping lower domestic margins in the U.S. Those ramp up to about 9.3% in the second quarter. So, I was referring to  for profit growth on that.
Carol Tome: If we look at our productivity results, Im pleased with what Im seeing in our feed, Im pleased with what Im seeing in our assort, Im pleased with what Ive seen in our hubs. Im not pleased what Ive seen in our pre-load and Nando and team are really looking at how they can drive productivity on pre-load and clearly, weve got some density opportunities. Now, weve been trying to drive synthetic density through our access points in our UPS Stores. We have 22,000 access points and you have UPS Stores that we are trying to utilize to drive delivery density. Its not working, as well as we thought quite candidly. So, as a team weve taken this as a strategic imperative and were going to talk about other ideas we have to improve density, given that you cant really change the demand pattern, but there are things that we can do internally we believe to drive productivity. So, more to come, this will certainly be something that well be unpacking on June 9.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, sir.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good morning. Carol, you said in your prepared remarks that you do not expect e-commerce of the percentage of retail sales decline in 2021. Can you just unpack that comment a little more for us? What are your large retail customers telling you if and when hopefully stores reopen again in a post-pandemic world back half of the year? Do they expect traffic to return to stores or not? And what does that do to your e-commerce volumes?
Carol Tome: So, they are all hoping that their stores will reopen, because theyve got a huge investment in that real estate, of course, but from a demand perspective, there is no one out there that thinks that demand is going to change. We are in a new normal. Even my relatives, who are older are shopping online, before they would never do that. So, theyre all telling us they dont expect demand to go back. There has been a step change in the demand patterns, which then translates into capacity shortfall candidly. So, if you think about what happened in peak of this year, there was about a 3 million ADB shortfall in terms of the demand. And if you look forward into 2021, you would expect that shortfall to consist, which just gives us an opportunity to continue to optimize our network.
Ravi Shanker: Thank you.
Operator: David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead, sir.
David Ross: Yes, thank you very much. Carol just wanted to talk a little bit about the labor issues fourth quarter and the peak you guys handled exceedingly well and were able to demonstrate profitability. How much of a headwind was managing through this period of absences, rescheduling, pilots calling out sick, that kind of stuff that normally doesnt happen during peak? You actually had a normal environment where somebody didnt just call up and say, I am out for the next 2 weeks at last minute. How much would that have helped?
Carol Tome: Youre right in that this is a very difficult environment, one that weve never been faced with before, but the team did a masterful job of managing through it. A few things were different than this peak than last peak. One was the use of PVDs or Personal Vehicle Drivers. Weve used them in the past, but this year we really lean into it. So, in the United States, this year, we had 39,000 PVD drivers and they delivered 69 million packages. That we believe drove $92 million of benefit in the quarter. So, this is something that really worked very well and were going to lean into this as we think about peaks of the future. We were also able to use our dream tool, which is a dispatch tool to give our team store drivers, who worked so hard, give them some time with their families, which hasnt been the case in prior season. So, we were happy to be able to deliver that. We were also pleased with our ability to redirect our SurePost volume back into our network. We saw in December alone 50% of the SurePost volume was redirected back into the network delivered by our UPS drivers. That resulted in productivity savings as well of about $44 million. Now, was there money left on the table? Sure. We had disruption with pilots in part of the world like Shanghai for sure, we had some money left on the table, but I would say, we had more good news than bad news coming out of the challenges in the fourth quarter.
David Ross: Thats excellent, thank you.
Carol Tome: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead, sir.
Bascome Majors: Yes. Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Carol, youve made a lot of progress very fast here. One thing that comes to mind is dealing with organized labor, which really wasnt an issue at your prior employer. I mean, you have a change in Washington that should be more labor sympathetic. Youre going to have a change at the head of the Teamsters Union this year. Can you talk about your strategy for that relationship and finding a happy medium that takes care of your employees, the union and your shareholders over the next 3 to 5 years?
Carol Tome: Yes. Well, as you know, we employ more Teamsters than any other company and we love our Teamsters employees, so UPSers first, Teamsters, second. As we think about labor, our contract comes due in the United States, it comes due in 2023, and we think about mutually beneficial outcome for both our Teamsters and UPS, as we prepare for that contract, reviewing labor as a strategic imperative. We want to keep those jobs. We want to grow jobs. So, were going to be speaking with the union representation about how we do that going forward. Were also candidly excited about what new administration could mean for pension reform and pension reform would be good for us and would be good for our Teamsters. So, we will continue to work that agenda, because we think its in the best interest of all parties.
Bascome Majors: Thank you.
Carol Tome: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Morning. So I want to ask on balance sheet cash flow. Carol, do you think this is the new, sort of, new normal for CapEx? How much do you want to improve the balance sheet before you start buying back stock? If you are  we are at this inflection in margins, why not buyback stock now and maybe just any thoughts around pension contributions for this year and pension impact? Thank you.
Carol Tome: Thank you, Scott. Brian, why dont you take that question?
Brian Newman: Yes, Im sure, Scott. So look, were focused on strengthening the balance sheet. I think in my prepared remarks, I talked about for modeling purposes assume no buybacks in 2021. We think by reinvesting in the business in areas that are driving higher cash returns, strengthening the balance sheet, Scott, well end up with a one of Carols five imperatives, a strong credit rating as we go forward, which gives us optionality to evaluate opportunities organic and inorganic.
Carol Tome: From my perspective, we have ample room to allocate capital back into the business and back to the shareholders. We just want to make sure that we generate the right return on that. And to your point  I havent been in the seat for that long, and its been, its a big company to try to get your hands around, but as we look at the opportunities to invest, we are going to have opportunities to invest. We just want to make sure that every dollar that we invest generates a higher return on capital. Thats our goal and the share buybacks will come. We thought for modeling purposes, it was just helpful to say no buybacks. If we change our mind on that, well tell you what were doing and you can put it into your model.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks, good morning. Hey, Carol, a decisive move with the sale of UPS Freight, just wanted to hear in this forum, just some puts and takes in the decision making process. And then just to get a little more granularity. Could you discuss the UPS Freight around with freight pricing program where TFI will act as reseller? And then some thoughts on how the divestiture will impact TFIs ability to serve the e-commerce market for heavier goods? Thanks.
Carol Tome: So, the question was a bit muffled, but I think it was on UPS Freight and the rationale for the decision behind UPS Freight and then the go-forward commercial agreement. So, as I mentioned back in July, my first earnings call, other than our five core principles, everything in the business was under review and I immediately looked at UPS Freight. I was on the UPS Board for a long time, I went on the UPS Board in 2003. So, I was on the Board when we acquired overnight back in 2005. I have been laser-focused on this asset, because we had to impair it shortly after we bought it and its never turned out to be what we thought it would be. Its a capital-intensive low margin business that we dont need to own to offer this solution. So, we are like if we can get a price where this asset is worth more to someone else than it is to us, shouldnt we move on that asset, but keep the commercial agreement, so that we can serve our customers and thats where we landed. We couldnt be happier with this announced acquisition that should close I think the beginning of the second quarter. Im thrilled for our freight UPSers, because theyre going to be now part of a big freight company. So, from a career perspective, I think the opportunities for personal growth will be better for them. Im thrilled for our shareowners and Im thrilled for our customers, because the commercial agreement will be a great agreement and by the way theres margin on that thats going to flow to our U.S. small pack business as well. So, I think its a win-win-win. Anything else, Brian?
Brian Newman: Yes, no, its  there is some CapEx avoidance on a low-margin business and we expect a positive improvement to our margins and ROIC, which our core focus. So, I think its a win-win.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Great, thank you. And just following up on that point, are there may be some other non-core businesses, Carol that maybe have come into the company through acquisitions over the last 10 or 15 years that could also be a target for potential divestitures or is it just sort of a one-off here with UPS Freight? Thank you.
Carol Tome: Well, Jack, as you can appreciate, it wouldnt be appropriate for me to speculate on assets that might be available for sale, but everything is under review.
Operator: Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead, sir.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Brian, could we come back to the pension impact and how thats positively impacting cash flows this year. And Im not sure, but did you guys reserve another charge-off for Central States here too?
Brian Newman: Yes. Brandon, so we had a $6.5 billion mark. There is actually a deck that will provide you the details on it, but the discount rate change, a little  was a little over $4 billion and in Central States, we took what we believe to be the last reserve for that which was a little over $2 billion. So, those were the two elements that made up the mark. In terms of headwinds for up on the service cost side, if thats what youre asking about, from a pension perspective, we have a similar headwind to what we had in 2020. Its about $300 million related to service cost in the U.S. business.
Carol Tome: And Brandon, we made some cash contributions in pension assets in 2020. Were not planning that in 2021.
Brian Newman: Right. So, we pulled forward, about $1.7 billion in contributions into December of 2020 and dont anticipate having those in 2021, Carol.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Brian Newman: Yes.
Operator: David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead, sir.
David Vernon: Hey guys. Thanks for coming back. Hey, Brian, I just wanted to clarify, the $500 million non-op expense reduction were expecting this year. Thats a net of cost to implement number? I mean, I just want to make sure there arent any other sort of non-typical inflationary cost that we should be kind of budgeting for or thinking about when were building an outlook here for 2021?
Brian Newman: Weve got  $750 million was the gross program. We reinvested to get to a net $500 million. We do have transformation charges associated with severance that will show up in the guidance that we give you.
David Vernon : That will be adjusted out of results, right?
Brian Newman: That will be non-core, so it will adjust it out and well shine a light on that for you.
David Vernon : I mean, and nothing like
Brian Newman: Sorry. But the return on those investments, are kind of 7 to 8 months. So, we are looking for better returns. I think youll find that the investment in the transformation charges is non-core are good paybacks.
David Vernon: Okay. And then there is nothing like the investment in the speeding up the network, the faster ground network sort of stuff? Are we going to be recreating any of those sort of like operational investments in the 21 period?
Brian Newman: No. So, it will be  the majority will be related to the Transformation 2.0 programs we talked to you about.
David Vernon: Alright. Thanks again for the time.
Brian Newman: Yes, thanks.
Operator: We have Jairam of Daiwa. Please go ahead.
Jairam Nathan: Yes. Hi, thanks for taking my question. So, I was just wanted to refer to your CapEx plan and you talked about 130,000 packages per hour increase thats at a low at 29 million packages daily volume, its probably about 7%. And so  and then on top of that, youve got the revenue quality. So, is that kind of a run rate capacity increase we should expect and about maybe I dont know, load  like close to double-digit increase in revenue that is possible that its a potential here longer term?
Carol Tome: If youre looking for a longer-term answer, were going to punt to June 9, because on June 9, were going to lay out our longer-term plan and we can answer that question in great detail.
Jairam Nathan: Okay. And just if I could follow up, you talked about the 3 million shortage at peak, how do you make sure that you dont attract new in new and trends into the market with this strategy here? Like nature find always a way, I guess market also find a way somewhere.
Carol Tome: So, there are a number of regional players. There are a number of new entrants that are coming in the market. Our job is to provide the best end-to-end experience, so the customers that we are bringing into our network are those customers, who value what we have to offer. In many ways, its about leaning into segments like healthcare, like SMBs and other high-growth areas that value our end-to-end network. And just on healthcare, if I could make a comment on vaccines, because we havent talked about it, but thought I just might sure what were doing in the vaccine solution here, as you know, its a complicated supply chain. There is upstream supply chain where the raw materials are delivered to the manufacturers. Then there is a place where we play, which is delivering vaccines from the manufacturers to the dosing locations. And then theres the administration of the vaccines by the dosing locations. As it relates to the space that we play manufacturers to the dosing locations, weve delivered about 225,000 shipments, about 36.5 million vaccines at service levels at 99.99%. So, our healthcare logistics team is just doing a  just a really great job of moving these vaccines forward and couldnt be more proud of that team.
Jairam Nathan: Okay, thank you. Thats all I had. Thank you.
Scott Childress: Well, Steven, thank you very much for hosting us and introducing. We appreciate all the comments we got and all the investors that joined us today. And that concludes the UPS fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven. I will be your conference facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise and after the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Scott Childress: Good morning and welcome to the UPS third quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tom, our CEO; and Brian Newman, our CFO. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectations for the future performance for operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainty, which are described in detail in our 2019 Form 10-K, subsequently filed Form 10-Qs and other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. During the quarter, GAAP results included a pretax charge of $44 million, equivalent to $0.04 on an earnings per share basis. The charge resulted from transformation-related activities, primarily in the International and U.S. Domestic segments. In the prior year period, GAAP results included a pretax charge for transformation cost of $63 million, equivalent to $0.06 on diluted earnings per share. Unless stated otherwise, our comments will refer to adjusted results, which excludes transformation cost. The webcast of today's call, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions] Please ask only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. You may rejoin the queue for the opportunity to ask an additional question. And now, I'll turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tom: Thank you, Scott. We are moving quickly and operationalizing our strategy under the better, not bigger framework. We're leaning in on the wildly important areas of our business and tackling challenges head on. This morning, I'm pleased to discuss our achievements and the opportunities we see before us. One thing is certain, everything we accomplish is the result of our winning people and culture. We have everyday heroes at UPS, who are keeping the world supply chains moving and delivering what matters, from essential household items to critical healthcare needs, UPSers are making a positive difference in the world. And for that, I am so very proud of this team and want to thank them for their hard work and efforts. During the quarter, we continued to flex our network to capture market opportunities and better position UPS for the long term. Our performance was better than we expected even amid the challenges from the pandemic. Consolidated revenue in the quarter rose 15.9% from last year to $21.2 billion and operating profit grew 9.9% from last year to $2.4 billion. While our commercial business remained under pressure due to the economic downturn, during the quarter we began to optimize our network and captured share in SMB or small and medium-sized businesses. As a result, we saw revenue per piece improved sequentially in the U.S. from what we reported in the first two quarters of this year. Further, revenue growth in our International and Supply Chain and Freight segments was the highest quarterly growth we've seen in nearly three years. Brian will share more details about the quarter in a moment. Over the past few months, we've intensified the focus on executing our strategy: customer first, people led, innovation driven. From a customer-first perspective, there has been a step change in the composition of retail sales, as e-commerce sales are now projected to make up more than 20% of all U.S. retail sales this year. We don't think the penetration of e-commerce retail sales will decline, even after the pandemic, but it isn't just retail. Our customers across all business segments are reinventing the ways they do business. We've heard from customers that speed and ease are most important, so we are focused on delivering the capabilities that matter most to our customers. Let's start with speed. In the U.S. we completed our weekend expansion ahead of schedule, enabling broader market coverage, as we are the only carrier that provides both commercial and residential pickup and delivery services on Saturdays as a general service offering. And next week, we will complete our Fastest Ground Ever initiative eight months ahead of plan. We have improved ground transit times between millions of ZIP codes and we will be at parity or better than the competition in 20 of the 25 most populated U.S. markets and customers have noticed. Weekend ground volume is up 161% versus last year. And SMB volume on our Fastest Ground Ever lanes has grown 25.7% since we made the improvement. Moving to ease. It's all about removing friction from the customer experience and serving customers the way they want to be served. For SMBs, we are highly focused on our Digital Access Program, which we refer to as DAP. Through platform partnerships, we are making it easier for SMBs to open a UPS account and access the world's largest small package network. Revenue growth from our DAP program exceeded our expectations, as we added 150,000 new accounts and several new partners in the quarter. Our fastest ground ever weekend services and DAP complement each other enabling our customers to deliver what matters to their customers, speed and a better experience. Our efforts in the United States are having a positive impact. In the third quarter, total U.S. SMB volume grew 18.7%, outpacing our larger customers and was the highest growth rate we've experienced with SMBs in 16 years. We are seeing strong results in the International segment too with international SMB volume up 9.9% during the quarter. Another area that we are leaning into is healthcare logistics. UPS Healthcare spans all reporting segments has world-class technology deep expertise and the most sophisticated suite of services in the industry. We are significantly expanding our freezer farm capacity by installing validated freezers that range from negative 20 to negative 80 degrees Celsius. These farms are strategically located in Louisville Kentucky and Venlo The Netherlands and are good distribution practice certified. And for added control during transit, UPS Premier our next-generation package sensor technology offers priority handling, real-time monitoring, and continuous visibility. We understand that healthcare logistics isn't just about the package. It's about the patient. Our mark in healthcare team is supporting clinical trials across all stages for COVID-19 vaccines. Early involvement gives us valuable data and insights to design commercial distribution plans and manage the logistics for these complex products. We have a great opportunity, and frankly a great responsibility to serve the world when a COVID-19 vaccine becomes available. When that time comes, our global network, cold chain solutions and our people will be ready. Moving to the second element of our strategy people-led. We know successful outcomes are built from a strong culture of teamwork respect, trust and empowerment. We are enabling our people to move the business forward by giving them more decision-making authority and we're identifying, which activities add value and stopping those that don't. We are also investing in training on topics including unconscious bias and diversity and inclusion, to ensure our actions match our values. In the past, we have talked to you about Transformation 1.0. We are on track to deliver the more than $1 billion of benefit we identified when we kicked it off in 2018. In September of this year, we began Transformation 2.0 by announcing a voluntary separation allowance program. To the UPSers, who will take this offer, I thank you for your service to our company. Transformation 2.0 is about creating fewer, but more impactful jobs. We will share more details with you as we finalize our plan. The final piece of our strategy innovation-driven comes down to being better not bigger. Now that doesn't mean UPS is not going to grow because we are. It means that we will lean into growth from the right opportunities like SMBs, international, global freight forwarding, and other high-yielding sectors, and we will grow from our revenue quality initiatives. We are on a journey to optimize the volume that flows through our network. Additionally, our approach calls for greater efficiency and requires that we lower our cost to serve. Our transformation efforts are vitally important to our ongoing success. While we are finishing Transformation 1.0, we've already begun Transformation 2.0 and we are road mapping Transformation 3.0 in preparation to launch next year. Transformation 3.0 will focus on decreasing core operating expense. Further to improve our return on invested capital, we are applying greater scrutiny to capital spending and ensuring clear linkage to cash returns. You should expect our 2021 capital spending to be significantly lower from what we are spending in 2020. Since being named CEO, I've immersed myself in our business and spent lots of Zoom hours with our people. I've also helped our team build out a value-creating strategic and financial framework. As a reminder from our last call, outside of our five core principles everything else is under review. I've spent a lot of time looking at the risks and opportunities facing our business, including an evaluation of our business portfolio. We are an opportunity-rich company. We are making progress but given the size of our business, it will take time to optimize our network, to stop processes that have added cost and no customer value and to fully reach our potential.  Now moving on to the upcoming holiday season. Peak is extremely important to our customers so it's extremely important to us. We have been operating in a peak-like environment globally for many months which is helping us prepare for the elevated demand ahead. 2020 peak will have two more operating days than last year and two full weeks between Cyber week and Christmas week. We are projecting a pretty picky peak, but there are some industry capacity constraints as Brian will detail. As a result we expect to see solid volume growth year-over-year. But sequentially the quarterly growth rate in the U.S. will moderate in the fourth quarter. Our peak preparation starts with ensuring the safety of our people and our customers. From that we are employing two key strategies. First, we will continue to collaborate with our customers to help them time their promotions and match their needs to our available capacity. Second we will leverage proven and some new tools to ensure flexibility, control and visibility across the network. This year we added automated sort capacity and greatly expanded our weekend operations. We sped up our ground network and are using more real-time data to better manage the expected increase in volume. From my involvement in our peak preparations, I will tell you that while we expect this holiday season to have its challenges, we are ready to deliver a successful peak. As you can see in our results we are making progress against the better not bigger framework we outlined in July. We have more work to do and plan to provide additional detail about our actions during an Investor Day we will host in 2021 once the environment is more stable. And with that I'll turn the call over to Brian. 
Brian Newman: Thanks Carol and good morning. Overall we are pleased with our results in the quarter. As I share the details you'll see early indications that our actions are having a positive impact on our operating performance and financial returns. I'll also share the trends we are seeing as we approach year-end. Starting with the macro environment. The global economy continue to feel the effects of the coronavirus pandemic. Global trade has generally improved with Asia outbound leading other geographies. However both global and U.S. real GDP growth rates in the third quarter are estimated to be down 3.7%. In the U.S. consumer confidence has held up well. However industrial production remains mixed. Auto manufacturing has fully recovered, but it will take more time for all industrial production to return to pre-COVID levels. So what does this mean for our business? We see no signs that the structural market shift to e-commerce will slow anytime soon. In fact forecasters estimate the e-commerce share of retail has been advanced by two to three years due to the pandemic. And at the same time, we expect the commercial side of our business to face continued softness extending into 2021. During the quarter, we adjusted our network and took deliberate actions to better position UPS for the future. Three key items underscored our performance. First, both the International and Supply Chain and Freight segments delivered record profits. We executed extremely well within a tight capacity market and we're able to meet high demand out of Asia. Next in the U.S. SMB growth accelerated and our revenue quality actions began yielding results. And lastly, we faced both planned and unplanned expense pressures in the U.S. Domestic segment. For the quarter consolidated revenue increased 15.9% to $21.2 billion. Operating profit totaled $2.4 billion or 9.9% higher than last year. The operating margin for the company was 11.3% which was 70 basis points below last year. Diluted earnings per share was $2.28, up 10.1% from the same period last year. Moving into the segments. In U.S. Domestic average daily volume increased 13.8% year-over-year to a total of 20.4 million packages per day. The SMB volume growth rate accelerated by 820 basis points going from 10.5% in the second quarter to 18.7% in the third quarter. B2C shipments increased 33.4% year-over-year and represented 61% of total volume. Conversely B2B average daily volume was down 7.8% year-over-year, but has improved from the second quarter. While we saw positive B2B growth in healthcare and automotive that growth was not able to offset weakness in other industrial sectors. For the quarter U.S. Domestic revenue was up 15.5% to $13.2 billion driven by the strength in ground and deferred air products, as well as the impact of one additional operating day. While reported revenue per piece was flat year-over-year excluding the negative impacts from fuel and SurePost revenue per piece grew both sequentially and year-over-year. Lower fuel prices reduced revenue per piece growth by 130 basis points and elevated SurePost volume reduced revenue per piece growth by 230 basis points. As a reminder SurePost is a higher return on invested capital product. The underlying improvement in revenue per piece indicates that our revenue quality actions are beginning to have a positive impact. Turning to costs. Expenses were up 18.4% over the third quarter of last year and grew faster than volume and revenue. Cost per piece excluding fuel increased $0.37 or 4.4% over last year. Several items drove expense deleverage in the quarter. First, our initiatives to expand weekend operations and speed up the ground network; second, benefit expenses from the additional employees we hired in the second quarter; and third, lower productivity gains than we planned and lower delivery density. For the quarter, the U.S. generated $1.1 billion in operating profit, a decline of 8.8% compared to last year. Operating margin was down 220 basis points year-over-year. We are focused on improving revenue and reducing cost in the U.S. Domestic business and we are pleased with our early revenue progress. Additionally, we see the opportunities to decrease our cost structure as we optimize our network and implement transformation initiatives. Moving over to International. The segment delivered another quarter of record operating profit with double-digit positive year-over-year growth. The flexibility of our global network and winning solutions allowed us to lean into the most profitable areas of elevated demand. Volume increased globally by double-digits year-over-year. Asia outbound average daily volume growth was 37.6%. With air capacity in tight supply, we added 268 flights above our normal schedules to meet the high demand. And Europe continued to see elevated cross-border B2C with export average daily volume up 15.5%. We saw growth across customer segments with SMB volume growing in all regions. B2C mix moderated to 31% of total volume and B2B improved, but was still down 3.2% year-over-year. For the quarter, international revenue was up 17% to $4.1 billion. Revenue per piece was up 2.7% and included a decline of 260 basis points from fuel and a benefit of 140 basis points from currency. On the expense side, cost per piece declined 2.3% year-over-year, primarily due to lower fuel costs. For the third quarter, International generated operating profit of $972 million, an increase of 40.3%, led by elevated demand out of Asia. And finally, our international operating margin expanded 400 basis points. Looking at Supply Chain and Freight. The segment results were excellent. Elevated demand drove revenue up 16.5% to $3.9 billion and we generated record quarterly profit. Market capacity remained tight, while economic activity picked up in the quarter. Slowing demand for PPE was offset by inventory replenishment. More specifically, we saw high air and ocean freight forwarding demand out of Asia led by the high tech, retail and industrial sectors. Our LTL business improved efficiency and productivity, while at the same time advancing the revenue quality in our freight businesses. Revenue per hundredweight excluding fuel increased 7.2% in the quarter. Conversely, performance in our truckload brokerage unit had a negative impact to profit on a year-over-year basis due to continued market challenges. Operating profit was $302 million, an increase of 18% year-over-year with multiple units contributing and which highlights the diversity within the Supply Chain and Freight portfolio. Looking at the overall enterprise. In the third quarter, UPS generated operating profit of $2.4 billion, up 9.9%. A few notable items on the income statement include other pension income was $327 million, driven by last year's 17.6% return on pension assets and the discount rate was 90 basis points below last year. We had $176 million of interest expense, which is above last year due to our $3.5 billion debt issuance in March. And lastly, our effective tax rate came in at 22.5% compared to last year's third quarter tax rate of 20.8%, reflecting certain discrete tax items that did not repeat this year. Now let's turn to cash and shareholder returns. Our cash flow remains very strong. For the first 9 months of the year, we generated $9.3 billion in cash from operations and about $5.9 billion in adjusted free cash flow. This includes $725 million from the CARES Act federal payroll tax deferral offset by a $1 billion discretionary contribution to pension plans. Capital investments totaled $3.4 billion through September, and we expect full year CapEx of $5.6 billion and remain on track with our automation targets for 2020. So far this year, UPS has distributed $2.7 billion in dividends, which represents a 5.2% increase on a per share basis over the same period last year. Now I'll make a few comments regarding the balance of the year. We expect strong consumer demand during peak. As Carol mentioned, in the U.S. we will have 2 additional operating days between Thanksgiving and December 31 compared to last year, which helps our operations. We anticipate some industry capacity constraints through the period. In response, we're working closely with customers to pull demand ahead of the traditional peak period. In fact many large retailers ran e-commerce sales events in mid-October and our network performed well during this period with high service levels and good productivity. Looking ahead our peak plans, volume management, and surcharge approach will also help promote a more optimized volume mix. We will also leverage our technology to control the volume we bring into the network, utilize available capacity, and efficiently operate during peak. While we are not providing consolidated revenue or diluted earnings per share guidance, I want to provide some color to help frame up the fourth quarter. In the U.S., average daily volume is anticipated to increase by high single-digits and revenue growth to be above volume growth. Working against us are difficult year-over-year comps and known expenses that will pressure operating margin. They include an increase in benefits expense between $150 million and $200 million due to additional union headcounts over last year including the new employees we hired in the second quarter. Next, new legislation in 2019 for alternative fuel tax credits and reductions in management incentives which together lowered operating expense last year by about $150 million are not expected to repeat and the acceleration of our time and transit and weekend operations initiatives. Working in our favor are the positive effects from our revenue quality efforts and growth from SMBs. In our International segment, we expect the year-over-year profit growth rate to be in the high teens. And in Supply Chain and Freight, we expect operating profit growth to be relatively flat given the anticipated market dynamics, particularly in the truckload brokerage business. In summary, while macro conditions remain dynamic and the recovery uncertain, market demand continues to be elevated. We are laser-focused on improving cash generation by executing our strategy under the better not bigger framework. Thank you and operator please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Amit Mehrotra. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: -- the call and to ask the question. Carol I think it's still early days with respect to transform -- transfer -- the Transformation 2.0, 3.0. But the facts as it relates to the third quarter the profits in the domestic business were down over $100 million from the prior period revenues were up almost $2 billion. When does that equation could shift? And when do you think you'll be able to maybe report more positive operating leverage and margin expansion in the business? 
Carol Tom: Well, Amit, thank you very much for your question and let's just unpack the performance on the expense line a little bit more than Brian did. Brian called out three drivers of deleverage in the U.S. business in the third quarter the first of which was our decision to speed up our fastest ground ever initiative. That decision cost us $179 million in the quarter. It was the right thing to do because you saw the market share gains that we enjoyed with our SMB business. So, it was the right thing to do but it certainly puts some pressure on the expense line. If you back that out our expenses -- our operating profit would have grown year-on-year. The other line item that was a deleverage in the quarter was productivity below our expectations. And here we have a real opportunity as we turn that around looking past the fourth quarter of this year and into 2021 and 2022. One reason for the decline in productivity is the fact that we had 40,000 new UPSers and higher turnover this year than we did last year. Turnover is a function of many things including COVID candidly. But when you have a lot of new people in your operations, sadly we just weren't as productive as we should have been. We have a new leader over our U.S. Domestic small package business. Nando is all over this and productivity is going to be a laser focus of Transformation 3.0. And it's not just about putting more packages through our facilities on a per hour basis. It's about how we get better at running the business better at keeping our people, so we lower our cost of turnover; better at keeping our people safe, so we lower our casualty reserves. There's a real opportunity here to just get better in running the business without a lot of investment actually. So, we are building our 2021 financial plan as we speak. We're road mapping three years and once that plan is finalized, we will share with you our actions that we are taking to grow the operating margin in the U.S. small package business. 
Amit Mehrotra: Yes, I appreciate that Carol. But I mean just to make sure that I understand your comment. Are you saying that starting in the fourth quarter because of some of the idiosyncratic cost in the third quarter that the business will return to positive operating leverage in the fourth quarter and that will extend into 2021? Is that what you're saying if I'm understanding you correctly?
Carol Tom: That is not what I'm saying. The turn won't happen until 2021 because of expense pressures that Brian carefully called out in the fourth quarter. And Brian you might just want to remind Amit what those expense pressures are in the fourth quarter.
Brian Newman: Yes. As we look forward to the fourth quarter Amit, we do have the underlying benefits as Carol said of optimizing volume and improving pricing. But there are three in particular, that Q4 headwinds. We've got the seasonality, which you know, year-over-year we normally go about down 200 basis points on a sequential Q3 to Q4 standpoint because of peak, so there's that natural seasonality impact. We've got benefits, ranging in $150 million to $200 million that will be impacting Q4. And then, we're lapping last year, we had some legislation around alternative fuel tax as well as a low management incentive number last year. Together, those are about $150 million lap. So those combined with the fastest ground ever that we'll finish off in Q4 investments that's going to put pressure on the fourth quarter as we look forward.
Amit Mehrotra: Okay.
Carol Tom: Now, at the end of the second quarter, we said that we thought that the operating margin for the back half of the year could be 100 basis points lower than the operating margin in the first half of the year. Because of our outperformance in the third quarter and because of the revenue quality that we are enjoying in the U.S. business, we now think the operating margin in the back half of the year will be higher than the first half of the year. So hopefully, that's helpful to you as you build your models.
Amit Mehrotra: Thats very helpful. Thank you, Carol. Thank you, Brian. Appreciate it.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Amit.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey. Thanks and good morning. Carol, you talked about CapEx on the call, and I thought that was kind of interesting. I think the comment was significantly lower than 2020, which I think is running just under -- or maybe I guess $5.6 billion. Can you talk with a little bit more specificity about, what that significantly means and sort of where you potentially see that savings? It seems like there's a lot of growth out there, so I want to get a sense of kind of the order of magnitude we might be talking about.
Carol Tom: Well, we are finalizing our capital plans as we speak. But for modeling purposes, I would use $4 billion. So that's a significant reduction from what we're running today, and it's really a reduction across all major categories of our capital. As we've unpeeled the layers of the onion, we've discovered an opportunity to sweat our assets in a more efficient way. We have over 500 hub sorting facilities in our U.S. business over 1,000 delivery facilities. And as I look at the capacity utilization in those facilities, we've got opportunities. Now clearly we need to work with our customers to optimize the fixed investments that we've made, but we clearly have opportunities here to sweat the assets. The same is true with the airlines. As we think about where the demand is going for next-day air in the United States versus where the demand is exploding outside of the United States, we have an opportunity to optimize our aircraft globally. So, that's enabling us to take our capital down. Brian, any color you want to add there?
Brian Newman: Yeah, just a little bit. Chris, as you shape next year and we think about pulling the buildings, buildings represent about 50% of our CapEx we spend. We've made those investments in capacity, so you'd expect to see that come down, the airline to likely come down. And it's this pivot to international healthcare digital that's where, we're pivoting the capital spend.
Chris Wetherbee: Great, thank you very much. Appreciate.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Allison Poliniak, Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning. Just turning to the SMB initiatives, clearly gaining some share there. There's a lot of expense noise in the quarter. But when you put that aside, is the incremental pull-through from those volumes that you're getting on SMB, where you thought they'd be at this point of the cycle, the investment cycle for you? Are they better? Any color on that?
Carol Tom: Yeah, happy to give you some color on the SMB volume. We were so pleased to see 18.7% growth, the highest in 16 years. If I think about SMB, as a percentage of our total business in the United States, it's grown from 23% last year to now 24% this year. So we're shifting the penetration, which is really about how we want to drive revenue quality in our business. If you unpeel the layer of the onions for our SMB business in the quarter, we see that they're figuring it out. The commercial side of SMB was down, call it, 7% in the quarter, but the residential piece of SMB was up 62%. So they're figuring out how to go to market and they're using our end-to-end network to drive that. So if you then say, Okay. Carol is that flowing down to the bottom line? Well, we were very pleased with what we saw in that regard too. So, we will continue to invest in this customer segment. You've heard us talk about fastest ground ever. It doesn't just stop with that. I think last time, I talked about how we break apart our customer segments within SMB, and I told you it was D1 through D4, and I didn't really know what that meant. Well, the team has done a really great job of defining what it means. So now when you think about our SMB customers think of them as medium, small, micro and platform. And when you think of those customers, think of it like a pyramid. So, at the top of the pyramid are our medium-sized customers and those are several thousands of accounts. And as you go down the pyramid, the customer base will expand dramatically. From a revenue perspective, flip the pyramid upside down. So the bulk of the revenue is at the top and the smallest piece of the business is at the bottom. But interestingly, when we looked at the performance of SMBs across all four of those segments, we saw each of them grow. And the growth came from our medium-sized businesses as well as our platform businesses. And within platform or the platform segment that's where GAAP falls. And yes, GAAP is small, but it's growing. In fact, we expect our revenue on our GAAP accounts to grow 400% this year, and that is a very profitable segment for us.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross: Yes. Good morning, Carol. Good morning, Brian.
Brian Newman: Good morning.
David Ross: Carol you made a comment in one of your interviews about green dots and red dots and coming in and looking at initiatives to see what you should stop doing and what were wildly important. Could you just add some more color specifically mainly around some of the red dots that you guys came up with?
Carol Tom: Yeah. So  well, thanks for the question. It was such an interesting exercise because when we started it all the green dots went up, but it was really hard to put red dots up, because initiatives you love them, you fall in love with them you find themselves they sound like they're really value creating but the truth is not so much. So I can give you an example of one. We have this initiative called UPS Next and UPS Next was all about driving innovation in the company. Well, when we looked at what the UPS Next team was working on, they were working on exactly the same projects as other groups within the company, so we put the red dot on UPS Next. And all those people who were working on that project, well, they are either gone or they'd be reassigned to additional work. So that gives you a sense of what we mean by stopping work. We are so opportunity rich. Let me give you another example. We haven't stopped this yet but we're going to. So I asked Nando. I said, Nando how many reports do we ask our operators to work every week? Because I had familiarity with this in my previous line where we tend to put too much work on our operators and they couldn't focus on things like productivity. So Nando came back and said, Carol we send 462 reports to our operators every week to work. So you can appreciate what that means. It means none of that is being worked. That's work that's going to stop. And think about the overhead here at the UPS headquarter that's producing those reports. So that's all being streamlined to those widely important metrics that matter for the customer experience for productivity and the rest is just going to get stopped.
David Ross: Thank you.
Carol Tom: You're welcome.
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, Carol. Thanks for the time. I just wanted to, kind of, maybe talk about a similar thing. As you think about changing those behaviors inside of the company and stopping those activities, you're coming into the CEO seat from the Board level, what surprised you about that transition? And how long do you think it will be before those changes you're making concern into the tangible operating leverage that the Street is so desperately looking for inside of the domestic business?
Carol Tom: Well, as a Board member, I was always so very impressed by how UPSers respond to a crisis. In many ways UPSers are first responder. They're always there to help the communities and customers that we serve. Coming into the company I was blown away by our reaction to COVID. UPSers are essential workers and I'm just so proud of them for what they do every day. They actually -- we all work, but they're actually going to work. They're putting on uniforms and they're flying planes and driving package cars and delivering packages and sorting packages and I'm just so proud of them. What I didn't understand is how we went about what we do. UPS is a 113-year old company and many 113-year old companies they layer in bureaucracy and processes that are fine but actually slow you down. So -- what I didn't know when I came on board is that we had 21 committees that were meeting to make decisions about the business. 21 committees take -- just the amount of calendaring time to meet and discuss and recommendations would be held until the committee meeting occurred. And that's not a way to run the business or effect change quickly. So we took those 21 committees down to six. And the fantastic thing is that the UPSers are -- they're energized by this. I was really worried about being rejected. That's not happened. The UPSers are embracing me. They're embracing change. They're excited about what we can do together as a company. And what this allows us to do actually is to without debate or controversy talk about the real opportunities to move and to get movement on the U.S. operating margin. And part of that is about controlling our own destiny by improving the revenue quality in our business, working with our customers to enable that to happen to look at the root cause of why we've been deleveraging and going after that in a meaningful way. In the past, we did it by increments. We're now doing it in a meaningful way, in a meaningful way. So if I told you that our casualty reserves that are driven by both workers' comp and either all the liability, Brian they stand at how much?
Brian Newman: Today we're over $1 billion.
Carol Tom: We're over $1 billion in casualty reserves. You get a 10% reduction in that because you have a safer operation that's $100 million. $100 million can move that U.S. operating margin in a meaningful way. If I talk to you about the cost of turnover, which I'm not going to do but the cost of turnover is high for our company. We've got 20% of that. It's another meaningful way to move the operating margin. If we improve delivery density, which we must do we have had ideas on the shelf to do that. We just haven't operationalized though. That's a meaningful way to improve the operating margin. So this is a big company. You just can't pull the band-aid off because you could hurt the customer experience and we don't want to do that. But as we start to pivot into this through the fourth quarter into 2021, we're going to be laying out tangible action plans that will show improvement in the operating margin. And then as we optimize our capital spending this will all translate into higher return on invested capital. 
Operator: We have a question from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Allison Landry: Good morning. Thanks. So Carol, you've talked about a focus on what customers are willing to pay for and optimizing the volumes that flow through the network. And clearly you're starting to see that with the step-up in SMB growth. But should we also interpret this as a signal that you might de-market some volume from large customers that aren't meeting the return thresholds? And if that's the case, over what timeframe can you drive enough profitable share gains from SMBs that would allow you to walk from some of the lower-margin business? So if you could just speak to how you're balancing this and while at the same time trying to maximize asset utilization? Thank you.
Carol Tom: Yes. So as you know, there is a capacity constraint in the industry. It doesn't matter what supply chain you are there's a capacity constraint in the industry. And if we took all the volume that was available to us we would end up with a customer experience that wouldn't be good for us or our customers and we would end up with what we call chaos costs. So we've actually been controlling the volume since July and we're doing that in a number of different ways. We work with our customers to help them rethink their operations via buy online pick-up in store different timing for their promotions a different availability of their packages so a number of alternatives and options that we've been working through a solution-based approach with our customers. When you have tight capacity, it also means that prices tighten. And as prices tighten there is a shift in certain customers who are more price-sensitive than others. We're okay with that if we're losing non-nutritive sales. We're okay with that. It's not about volume share growth. It's about value share growth. So that's how we'd like you to think about us at least in the short-term value share growth. Now clearly the U.S. small package business is going to grow. It's estimated, I think the volume ADV was something like $58 million in 2019. It should double by 2025. Of course, we're going to be growing to service that growth. But right now it's all about value share. 
Operator: We have a question from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good morning. I wanted to focus a little bit on international very strong in the quarter acceleration export volume growth third quarter from second quarter. Just wanted to discuss kind of the trends through year end you think. And maybe beyond how sustainable is this strength in international? And Brian -- I missed what you said about -- you said had high teens. I didn't know if that was profit growth or margin in fourth quarter, but if you could elaborate a little bit on sustainability and margin in that segment? Thanks.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Scott for the question. So from an international perspective very happy with the Q3 performance. They continue to post double-digit top-line and profit growth and the real strength is coming out of Asia and Europe in particular. I was referencing operating profit growth in the high-teens Scott was what I had commented on. And the operating margin has come in about 23% for the last two quarters. A lot in the international side depends on the international backdrop. So obviously, we're watching that very closely. But the overall business is sound. Carol, I don't know if you have anything to add. 
Carol Tom: Well, the one comment I would make on the margin which was outstanding and the profit growth in the third quarter we did have surcharge in the third quarter because the capacity is just so tight. So we've had about $120 million of surcharges in our international business in the third quarter. Whether or not that sustains is really a subject of market demand. Hopefully that's helpful to you. 
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Carol, you highlighted big CapEx cuts coming next year. How do you make sure that you are kind of keeping pace with others who are investing significantly to grow their capacity? And kind of going back to what you just mentioned about value share is that something UPS can do by themselves if the rest of the industry is going to try to take share and kind of aggressively grow capacity and pursue that growth? 
Carol Tom: So this is all about our better, but not bigger framework, which is a start of pivoting the business to position us for success in the future. Sweating the existing investments that we've made is a really good thing next year. Then we'll look at where we want to grow and how we want to grow. But for next year we're going to sweat the investments that we've made. Brian you might want to talk about that.
Brian Newman: Yes. Ravi, it's a good question. If we look backwards first we put over $15 billion in the capacity in the U.S. over the last several years and that was needed. But now 85% or so of our ground volume is going through some sort of automated capacity and hub. So as we're looking at that, those investments I've watched the ROIC actually trend down. A real focus going forward is going to say "How do we lower CapEx, ensure it's driving shorter-term paybacks to get better benefit" and I talked about where we're going to shift to in terms of healthcare some specific to international markets thinking about digital. So it's a different type of spend going forward but I don't want to front-run the investor conference next year. We'll unpack that in more detail.
Carol Tom: And I would comment just on the technology front because that's such an important area of investment for us well for everybody actually. The customer wants a digital experience and so we can't move off of that digital experience. In fact, we need to lean into that. But that isn't necessarily a capital expenditure because software as a service as you know is paid through a license fee. So we're moving away from an internally developed IT solutions to software as a service. So you'll see line items differences happening. The other thing I would ask you to remember is as we grow outside of the United States, our International business tends to have an asset-light profile in most areas of the rest of the world and that asset-light profile will certainly help spur growth and generate higher returns.
Ravi Shanker: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi, good morning, everyone. I just wanted to come back to the fourth quarter a second. Obviously, you mentioned, some puts and takes on the expense side balanced against sort of the revenue quality. And then you sort of highlighted a normal sequential domestic decline of a couple of hundred basis points. I mean, should we be thinking then in terms of the fourth quarter domestic margin on a base level sort of holding on to that first half margin of around 6.6%, 6.7%? I mean is that  when you put all the puts and takes together is that the baseline we should be thinking about?
Brian Newman: Hey, Jordan, it's Brian. Thanks for the question. That's a fair baseline. We had some pressures in the third quarter which we discussed. But as you go forward, thinking about the $8.6 million that we posted in the third quarter, the first half of the year was 6.6%. So as you look to the back half of the year assuming a baseline of 6.6% is a fair assumption. And we're going to do everything we can to beat that. We're seeing improvement on the pricing and the revenue quality side. The challenge are the headwinds I outlined for the fourth quarter. So balancing those two is going to dictate where we land.
Jordan Alliger: Okay. Thanks very much.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Jordan.
Operator: Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Just curious if you could comment for a moment, given the surge in the virus that we've been seeing in Europe over the last several weeks, if that's had any impact on business trends there. Or just if you could comment broadly on if that's had an impact on the market in Europe
Carol Tom: So our business trends continued to be very strong coming out of our International business. There's a big watch out there because of COVID. We see cases spiking. It's concerning right because if we were to have disruption let's say in our pilots that would be a real problem. And we haven't seen that but we're just watching this very, very closely.
Operator: Tom Wadewitz, UBS. Please go ahead. Mr. Wadewitz, your line is open.
Scott Childress: Stephen, do you want to move to the next caller?
Operator: We will do. Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning. So, you said revenue better than volume in the fourth quarter. Is that a sustained inflection or more of a one-off with the record surcharges? And then Carol you made  I had a great line last quarter about the Bs and referring to billions of cost savings. Just directionally should we be thinking $1 billion plus or potentially multiple billions of cost savings here? Thank you.
Brian Newman: So, Scott I'll take the first piece of this in terms of the pricing. If you look at the underlying health of the price and the quality of overall revenue really it's more than just pricing. But as you look at the second quarter, you'll remember, I peeled out fuel and SurePost to give you a good read at the growth and we were 1.5% positive. That was the first time we saw a positive number there in quite some time. That would equate to 3.6 in the third quarter so you see that sustained momentum. We'd expect to see continued improvement there. The question then comes down to the balance in terms of B2B, B2C and SMB and how we flow through. So we're trying to pivot the business as we walk through. But I think you can look for underlying continued improvement in the RPP ex fuel and SurePost. Carol, do you want to comment on the B?
Carol Tom: Yes. So we've got Transformation 1.0 coming to a close. So we'll turn to Transformation 2.0, which the first wave of Transformation 2.0 was the VSAP that we announced this fall. We offered that VSAP in two waves to over 11,000 UPSers. Thus far we've had about 1,600 people apply. We'll land at something around there or maybe a little less. So you can do the math of what that might translate into savings, that's not $1 billion. That's several hundred million, but it's the first phase of Transformation 2.0. There are more activities that will come. We're just not going to tell you before we tell our people, but there are more activities that will come in Transformation 2.0. When you think about Transformation 2.0, think about that attacking non-operating expense, in other words general overhead. It's going after spans and layers, it's going after labor arbitrage that sort of opportunity. The real money and candidly our non-operating expense is about $6 billion on an annual basis. So the real opportunity to get billions out is in the operating side of our business, and this is all about productivity and going after those big buckets of costs that we need to turn down to add up to $1 billion. We're going to have an investor conference in 2021, when things calm down. I don't know Brian what we're thinking about? 
Brian Newman : Early June.
Carol Tom: Early June, okay. So, hopefully COVID settled down. We can do a good conference in June of 2021 and then we'll lay this all out for you. I just don't want to get ahead of my skis. It was a downhill race for a long, long time, and if you get ahead of our skis you tumble down the mountain. I just don't want to do that. So we're just going to be very, very thoughtful very planful about this. And then we'll lay that out for you, so that you can hold us accountable to what we said we're going to do.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jairam Nathan of Daiwa. Please go ahead.
Jairam Nathan: Yeah. Thanks for your question. I wanted to -- a bit better than bigger theme. I wanted to understand how you're changing your incentive compensation in -- to align with that. And just one modeling your fuel expense was higher sequentially significantly. And was there anything in there that we should consider?
Brian Newman: On the fuel side, Jairam, we saw about $60 million in benefit in the quarter, $30 million of that coming -- roughly half of it coming in domestic and half international. We'd expect that to moderate in the fourth quarter. So, it stepped down from Q2 to Q3 by about 50%. We'd expect that to continue to step down in the fourth quarter. Carol, do you want to
Carol Tom: One of the widely important initiatives is people. And as we look at the people opportunities incentive compensation is certainly one of those opportunities. The design of our incentive compensation doesn't necessarily tie to the results that we want to achieve. So we're going to be resetting the goals to make that happen, to make them much more return focused. They were two line item focus if that makes any sense. So you get bonus off of revenue per piece. That's an incomplete look at the business, isn't it? Because it doesn't have the cost and it doesn't have the capital. So we'll be re-looking at the elements of both our short-term, which is our annual bonus as well as our long-term. Our long-term incentives do have a return characteristic to them, so that's good. But I really want to work on the short-term incentives. Also, we're going to redo our sales incentives for our sales team. They're so complicated. I tend to think I can understand math. I had a hard time figuring this out. So we're going to simplify this, so it's really easy for people to understand how they get paid and actually tie the incentives to better not bigger.
Scott Childress: Stephen, it's Scott. We've got time for one more question if you would.
Operator: The last question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead. Tom maybe stuck on mute.
Scott Childress: One more question to the next caller please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski : Hey, everyone. Thanks for sneaking me on here. Carol, I guess thinking about not wanting to repeat mistakes of the past. If we go back two predecessors ago, CapEx came down a lot. And you do have independent contractor competition effectively doubling your growth rate right now. So how do you balance the need for productivity and growth as well as achieving that higher value with lower CapEx?
Carol Tom: Right. So to your point, it's a balance and we're well aware of the changing competitive environment and the changing customer environment and are thinking through how to best attack those opportunities in ways that are different than what we've done in the past. And that's just a hint of what's to come, but we'll be talking more about that next year.
Scott Childress: That concludes our call. And I want to thank everyone for participating on today's call and have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your facilitator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host. Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS second quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me today are Carol Tom, our CEO; and Brian Newman, our CFO. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments well make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectation for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2019 Form 10-K, subsequently filed Form 10-Qs and other reports we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. During the quarter, GAAP results included a pretax charge of $112 million, equivalent to $0.10 on an earnings per share. The charge resulted from transformation-related activities in the international and U.S. domestic segments. In the prior year period, GAAP results included a pretax charge for transformation cost of $21 million, equivalent to $0.02 on an earnings per share. Unless stated otherwise, our comments will refer to adjusted results, which exclude transformation costs. The webcast of todays call, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, are available on UPS Investor Relations website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take questions from those joining us via the teleconference. [Operator Instructions]  And now Ill turn the call over to Carol.
Carol Tom: Thank you, Scott and good morning. Im honored to be hosting my first UPS earnings call. Before I begin, I would like to thank David Abney, who after 46 years of service to UPS passed the baton to me on June 1. We wish David all the best. UPS is a special company with a unique culture powered by more than 528,000 UPSers around the world. Through this time of global pandemic and social unrest, UPS is keeping the world moving. We have taken measures to ensure the safety of our people, while delivering critical shipments and everyday essential, where and when they are needed. I am extremely proud of the efforts of our people to serve our customers, our communities, and each other. To all UPSers, thank you. During the quarter, our team did a great job adjusting the network to respond to the needs of our customers. At the beginning of the second quarter, we assumed demand would slow. Instead, we saw just the opposite. Due to ongoing COVID-related sheltering in place, retail store closures and changes in U.S. consumer spending fueled by the economic stimulus, we experienced unprecedented demand and record high volume levels. As a result, our second quarter performance was stronger than we expected. Consolidated revenue rose 13.4% from last year to $20.5 billion. Operating profit grew 7.4% from last year to $2.3 billion, led by outstanding results in the international segment, while our U.S. operating margin declined by 170 basis points from last year, largely due to certain expense items that Brian will explain. We were pleased with 580 basis points of sequential improvement from what we reported in the first quarter. Let me share with you how Ive been spending my time since onboarding as CEO. I thought, I knew UPS after 17 years on the board, but Ive been diving in and believe me, when you get to dive deeper, this company is even more impressive than I imagined. Our global network is best-in-class and our people are the hardest working people Ive ever met. We also have many opportunities. In our 113 year history, UPS has become a trusted global logistics leader. But what got us where we are today will not get us to where we need to go in the future. Our customers are changing, our competitors are changing and the rate of change is accelerating. As we evaluate new market realities, we will be making decisions faster based on data and analytics with an emphasis on optimizing our existing network and the investments weve made. We will have a laser focus on creating value for our shareowners, with the goal of increasing the rates of return on the capital we invest. Its all about becoming better, not bigger. We have five core UPS principles that underpin our actions. Our first principle is our values. These values were established by our Founder, Jim Casey, and give us an enduring foundation for success. Our values include integrity, safety, teamwork and service, and are the core of who we are and what we do. Our second principle is our dividend, which is a hallmark of our financial strength. We are committed to continuing nearly 50 years of stability and growth in the dividends we pay. Our third guiding principle is retaining a strong investment grade credit rating, ensuring that we have financial flexibility needed to competitively run our business. Next is brand relevance. And by relevance, we mean leading by example, taking actions to support our customers and communities, promote diversity and inclusion, sponsor racial equality and shape a healthier planet. And finally, our fifth principle is the importance of employee ownership, which supports valuable and lasting employee and retiree engagement. Outside of these five core principles, everything else in our portfolio is under review, and I mean everything. While it is early in the process, the good news is that we already have the right strategy in place. Customer first, people led, innovation driven. Customer first is about removing friction when doing business with UPS. Speeding up time and transit and improving the moments that matter. So we create greater loyalty to be measured by gains and our net promoter score. In support of this effort, we have accelerated our plans to improve time and transit, making the U.S. ground networks faster and thousands of the most important lanes by the end of this year. Further, we are continuing our expansion of weekend operations, including Sunday share post and our market leading Saturday commercial delivery and pickup services. Before our 2020 peak season, nearly 75% of the U.S. population will get Saturday ground residential service. By our estimate, both our time and transit and weekend enhancements drove roughly $100 million of incremental revenue in the second quarter. People led is at the core of our success, measure it through the employee experience and specifically how likely an employee is to recommend UPS as a place to work. We are focused on diversity and inclusion and fighting for racial justice and reform. I cannot say enough about the power of our people, including the nearly 40,000 new UPSers, weve added to our U.S. Small Package business in recent months. During this time, weve provided additional sick leave benefits to UPSers who may have been impacted by COVID-19. And to further invest in our full time management teams for their extraordinary efforts, we are providing additional financial incentives. Moving to the last leg of our strategic platform. Innovation driven will be measured by the value we create for our shareowners. We will leverage our technology and portfolio of services to drive greater cash generation and higher returns on invested capital. Today, we are focused on increasing network efficiency, as well as more permanent actions to improve revenue quality, including pricing that reflects the value we create. For example, on May 31, we introduced new surcharges of certain volumes. We are developing specific actions and metrics against our strategic efforts. And once finalized, well share them with you, so that you can measure our progress. Looking to the back half of the year. Most scenarios suggest continued uncertainty, which is likely to yield a more gradual economic recovery. This is due in part to the recent surge in COVID-19 cases, new containment measures and the status of fiscal stimulus program. While we would expect continued strong B2C demand, its hard to know how our B2B demand will unfold. The recovery will continue to be extremely difficult to predict until the spread of the virus is better controlled and a vaccine is widely available. Ive led through difficult economic cycles before, and I know the power of making the right decisions to pivot toward opportunity. Our leadership team is focused on enabling success for all UPSers and creating value for our shareowners. We will control what we can control, while taking action to write the next chapter of the UPS story. We look forward to updating you on our progress. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Carol and good morning. Today, I will discuss our quarterly performance and current trends in our business, which the teams are navigating well. Before I start, I want to point out the expanded disclosure in our web schedules. To improve transparency, we brought the 10-Q balance sheet and cash flow statements forward and have included them in the materials released today. Through the second quarter, we face challenges from the coronavirus pandemic and resulting recession. Global real GDP and global industrial production are estimated to be down 9.3% and 14.6% respectively. And in the U.S., real GDP and industrial production declined with unemployment reaching historic highs. In response, we adjusted our network to support our customers needs. We manage costs and leaned into three significant changes in demand in the markets we serve. First, our ability to shift air capacity to where it was needed enabled us to meet the strong demand out of Asia, using both our own assets and asset-light solutions. We met the demand for more capacity by flying about 635 extra flights using both brown tail and third-party aircraft. Next during the quarter, the U.S. e-commerce market jumped 34.4% and SMB is quickly adapted to participate. In fact, through our digital access program, we captured 120,000 new customer accounts, a significant increase from recent trends. And finally, our healthcare expertise and global portfolio of services enabled us to meet the urgent need for PPE and COVID-19 testing supplies, and provide support for vaccine and treatment studies. All of which, contributed to our results in each of our three segments. For the quarter, consolidated revenue increased 13.4% to $20.5 billion. Net income rose 8.8% to $1.9 billion and operating profit totaled $2.3 billion or 7.4% higher than last year. The operating margin for the company was 11.4% below last year by 60 basis points, diluted earnings per share was $2.13, up 8.7% from the same period last year. Now moving into the segments. In U.S. Domestic, market demand for residential delivery surged in the quarter, driving total average daily volume up to 21.1 million packages, an increase of 22.8%. SurePost increased 96.6% and represented 53% of our total U.S. Domestic volume growth. Volume approached peak like levels with May and June, significantly above April. The surge created some network constraints and some regional dips in service levels. However, the additional 39,000 employees, we hired together with our expanded weekend operations enabled us to process the increase in volume. Ground residential volume, excluding SurePost was up 63.8%, without exception, all industry sectors grew the residential volume. In fact, B2C volume jumped 65.2% year-over-year, which is 5.8 million additional pieces per day, and B2C represented 69% of total volume. Conversely, given the downturn in the industrial sector, B2B volume declined 21.9% or 1.8 million pieces per day from the same period last year. However, we did see B2B volume begin to recover in the quarter. As a percentage of total volume, B2B shipments were 27% in early May. And at the end of the quarter, B2B shipments had climbed to 37% of total U.S. volume. For some context, the full year 2019 split was 46% B2B. While average daily volume growth was led by many of our larger customers, SMBs rebounded over the quarter, from a decline of 7.2% in April to growth of 17.8% in May and 22.4% in June. Revenue was up 17.3% to $13 billion, driven primarily by ground products. Revenue per piece declined 4.4% or 440 basis points, driven by two significant factors, lower fuel prices, which were a negative impact of 180 basis points, and the magnitude of SurePost growth pulled revenue per piece down 410 basis points. Excluding SurePost and the fuel surcharge, revenue per piece was higher than last year, and was also a sequential improvement from the first quarter. Our expenses increased in the quarter by 19.5% and were in line with activity levels, including volume growth. Our expenses also includes several items that we did not have last year, which Ill cover in a moment. Cost per piece was down 2.7% year-over-year and decreased sequentially 8.4%, driven by lower fuel costs and our ability to scale and flex the network as volume surged. The U.S. generated $1.2 billion in operating profit, which was $11 million or 0.9% below last year. Operating margin declined 170 basis points year-over-year. However, sequential margins improved 580 basis points. U.S. Domestic operating profit includes the following expense items, coronavirus direct expenses, minus the CARES Act, federal excise tax benefit lowered profit by $44 million. A lower pension discount rate decreased profit by $63 million. Additional employee incentives reduced profit by $51 million, and working in our favor were lower fuel cost for a net fuel benefit of $61 million. We are operating in a very difficult environment and we have more work ahead of us to increase profit per piece, which was down 19.3% on a year-over-year basis. Moving forward, our focus is on improving network efficiency, optimizing the volume we bring in and better aligning pricing with the value we provide. Moving to International, Id like to take a moment to congratulate our entire international team for delivering a very strong quarter, despite a tough operating environment. Our performance demonstrates the agility of our global integrated network. Asia was the first region to face the pandemic and was also the first to reopen, which led to a strong increase in export volume and revenue as we came out of the first quarter. Asia outbound volume rose in April, peaked in May, and moderated in June. Overall, Asia outbound volume grew 46.8% in the quarter and went up by double digits to all major regions of the world. Total export volume grew 11.4% driven by two factors. First, we quickly leaned into the opportunity created by the reduction of passenger belly space. We also added capacity surcharges to help us manage demand. In total, we added 335 flights and utilized our higher capacity fleet of 747 aircrafts, which enabled us to handle more volume on fewer flights versus other carriers in the market. The second factor was the 95% increase in residential volume, led by cross border B2C in Europe, doubling our B2C volume, while expanding profits is an encouraging sign for the future. Revenue rose 5.7% to $3.7 billion. Revenue per piece was down 3.9% and included a decline of 480 basis points from fuel, and 100 basis points from currency. On the expense side, cost per piece declined 8.2%, primarily due to lower fuel costs and greater network efficiencies. International generated operating profit of $842 million, an increase of 26.6%, and our operating margin expanded 370 basis points. Looking at Supply Chain and Freight, results across the business units were mixed. Total revenue grew 8.5% to $3.7 billion, and expense rose 9.4% to $3.4 billion. Profit declined $6 million or 2.2%. In general, the parts of our business that aligned to sectors with elevated demand did very well. For example, air freight led the segment due to the surge in market rates out of Asia, sparked by the sharp decline in passenger belly space. The team was responsive to our customers needs, including FEMA and resourceful in securing about 300 charters out of Asia. We also saw gains from COVID testing in vaccine and treatment studies. The portions of the Supply Chain and Freight segment, more aligned to industrial activity saw weakness during the quarter. LTL and truckload brokerage faced excess capacity and reduce demand early in the quarter. Both markets began to see some recovery later in the quarter, but remain under pressure. Looking at the overall enterprise, UPS generated operating profit of $2.3 billion up 7.4%. A few other items on the income statement include, other pension income, which was $327 million driven by last year 17.5% return on pension assets and lower discount rates. We also had $183 million of interest expense. And lastly, our effective tax rate came in at 25% compared to 23.5% in the second quarter of last year and is higher mainly due to unfavorable changes in our uncertain tax positions. Now lets turn to cash and shareholder returns. Our cash flow remains strong. For the first six months of the year, we generated $5.9 billion in cash from operations, and about $3.9 billion in free cash flow, included in our results is $370 million from the federal payroll tax deferral. Capital investments totaled $2.1 billion in the first half of the year. We expect full year CapEx of $5.6 billion and remain on track with our automation targets for this year. So far this year, UPS has distributed $1.8 billion in dividends, which represents a 5.2% increase on a per share basis over the same period last year. Now Ill make a few comments regarding the back half of the year. First, we remain unable to predict the extent of the business impact or the duration of the coronavirus pandemic or reasonably estimate UPS 2020 revenue and diluted earnings per share. There are however, a few items that are likely to occur in the second half of the year that we want you to know about. U.S. Domestic average daily volume growth is expected to be lower than what we saw in the second quarter. We expect demand for residential packages will continue in the U.S. and around the world. We also expect Asia outbound demand and yields to be positive year-over-year, but well continue to moderate versus the second quarter. For modeling purposes, our Teamster employees will get their annual wage increase in August. And in the third quarter of 2019, we had a $40 million gain on a land sale in the international segment that will not repeat. And in the second half of 2020, U.S. Domestic will face difficult year-over-year comps, including the impact of our new hires anticipated to receive full benefits, time and transit, and weekend operations expense, preceding the full run rate of revenue, and other gains from last year that will not repeat. The economic recovery remains uncertain. We are paying close attention to the consumer financial health, unemployment levels and the continuation of fiscal stimulus programs. Given all these factors, the U.S. Domestic margin could be lower in the second half of the year, relative to the first half. International, Supply Chain and Freight will continue to adapt to market dynamics. Meanwhile, as Carol said, we will focus on controlling what we control. Among the positive and negative effects ahead of us, we remain confident in our ability to improve U.S. margins on a long-term basis. Our liquidity is very strong. We ended the quarter with more than $8 billion in cash and equivalence on the balance sheet, which is enabling us to invest through this unique environment and navigate the economic uncertainty. Thank you. And operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Thank you. We will now conduct the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross: And Carol, youve picked a good call to start off with.
Carol Tom: Good morning.
David Ross: Wanted to see how you guys are thinking about peak season. In the quarter, you talked about a mini peak or peak-like conditions, where you had some network constraints. If some of that strength continues and then we have on top of that, a holiday surge, how are you talking about it with your customers? What are you thinking about it from a network investment standpoint, any bottlenecks that may emerge there?
Carol Tom: Yes. Thanks for the question on peak. As a leadership team, weve agreed, we are going to have an outstanding peak season. I participated in my first peak planning committee several weeks after I joined the company and very impressed by how we are planning to manage through, what could be a very peaky season, is about making sure that weve got our network aligned both on the high end and on the low end, because its uncertain out there. So were building an optionality, in terms of how were going to run the network. And then Kate with her team are talking to our customers customer-by-customer and how we will best manage through peak.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group, Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks and congrats, Carol. So first, if you can just clarify that the second half margin comment is that lower than the second quarter or lower than the full first half. And then just Carol, just bigger picture, I wanted to just get your perspective on how youre thinking about the growth algorithm for UPS in the U.S. business. So the last few years, its been volume outpacing revenue and margins falling. Do you think we see more or less volume growth going forward than what weve seen? Youve historically talked about 2% to 3% price. Does that meaningfully change? And then I guess, do you think you can  when do you think you can get back to a double digit margin? I know theres lot there, but any perspective would be great. Thank you.
Carol Tom: Yes. Absolutely happy to share some perspective. As Brian said, its  our operating margin in the U.S. domestic business could be lower in the back half of the year than what we reported in the first half of the year. Lot of uncertainty in the marketplace, of course, but we thought it was helpful for Brian to kick out some of the expense related items that were pretty sure will happen, because were not terribly sure about the demand side. Now longer term, this is where were very excited about what were going to do with our company. In my prepared remarks, Ive talked about, its all about being better, not bigger. What do I mean by that? Well, just a couple of things. This may be a longer-winded answer then youre looking for. But Ill go ahead and take the opportunity to share with you, what I mean by that and what we mean by that. First, we are an engineering-driven company, you would expect us to be. But like any company who was 113 years old, weve over engineered much of what weve done. And Ill give you an example of that, depending on how you define products, we have between 400 and 500 products. We kicked off a task force to say, really, are we selling all of those products? Because when you think about it, if you have between 400 and 500 products, you have to build systems and technology to support those products, you have to build accountants to account for those products. You have to have auditors who audit for those products. And then you have to have salespeople who sell those products. As we looked at it, and its very early days, we found that last year, there were over 100 of those products that we didnt even sell. So were going to rationalize our product offering to make it simpler for our customers and reduce expense here. As we think about optimizing the network to your specific question on volume, its about being better, not bigger. What we have done in the past is built capacity or bought capacity, and the hope that demand would follow. And we would take demand at any cost or any price, if you will. Not necessarily nutritive demand. So let me give you an example of a change, that weve just launched this year. We love our air fleet and in fact, about 11% of our air fleet are wide-body planes, these are 747 planes. And we took advantage of those wide bodies in the second quarter. We were able to fly demand out of Asia at a very effective cost, because theyre wide bodies. We didnt have to fly as many planes. So we had an opportunity to buy more of those 747s because theyre coming up production. And the question that we asked ourselves is, well, wont that create excess capacity? And wont we find that well need to fill that capacity at perhaps non-nutritive ways. And the answer to that question was, yes. So we passed on that investment that in the past we might have made. So were going to really look to sweat the assets that we have to get more off of that investment that weve made over time. We will look to pivot the customer and the way we go-to-market to optimize the network. And I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, great. Thank you very much. I really wanted to kind of make sure I understood sort of how that answer pertains to sort of profit growth on the domestic side. So lots of revenue, lots of demand, as it stands right now. Is there a clear path and maybe the next couple of quarters, maybe not necessarily the third quarter, this heap profit growth in the context of the revenue growth that were seeing, because the revenue is obviously spectacular in the second quarter on the domestic side, we actually saw profits down a little bit? So just want to kind of get a sense of what are the sort of steps that you need to take to be able to get that profit, to grow in line with revenue or at least closer.
Carol Tom: Yes. The easy way to think about profit growth is of course with pricing increases. And as you know, we did take some short surcharge increases at the end of May, but its much more than pricing. Its really about optimizing the network and leaning into the customer segments that value the end-to-end network that we offer. And one of those segments is small and medium-sized businesses. And you heard Brian talk about the growth that we saw in that space in the second quarter up 11%. As I look at our small and medium-size customer base, we divide it into four big segments D1 through D4, thats based on customer size. D1 and D2 customer segments, weve got pretty good market share there. But in D3 and D4, were underpenetrated relative to our competitors. We have an opportunity to grow into that space, but we need some enabling capabilities. The number one enabling capability to grow into that space is time and transit. So when I came onto the company and I looked at our time and transit activities we used to call that Panthera. We now called our fastest time  our Fastest Ground Ever. I saw that, we were planning to conclude that investment in June of 2021. I asked the team, well, whats getting in the way. Whats getting in the way of going faster and they said money, Im like, well, weve got money. So well accelerate the investment. We pull that investment into 2020. We will complete time and transit by October of this year. And thats a big deal because 46% of our SMB customers or potential customers tell us, time and transit is the number one thing on their mind. When were done, we will be at parity or better in 20 of the 25 markets that matter in the U.S. We will reach 90% of the U.S. population in three days, 75% of the U.S. population will have Saturday delivery. And then of course, we have Sunday delivery through our SurePost product. This matters. And why am I focusing on SMB? Because the SMB customer values are end-to-end network and they pay us for it. As we think about leaning into SMBs, its not just about time and transit, however. Its also about a better customer experience. This goes back to being better, not bigger. We had a couple of pilots that we launched to really understand that customer and what their wants, needs and desires were. We listened to them. We operationalized what they wanted. And in the pilots, we saw 2 percentage point reduction in churn. Now that matters because in this segment, for every reduction in churn, its $170 million in revenue. And that revenue is a much better quality than other revenue. So as we think about moving the U.S. operating margin up, theres a real opportunity to lean into a different customer segment and to make sure that were getting value for the services we provide. Thats on the revenue side. But I must talk about the cost side too, for a moment, because we have opportunities there as well. Weve talked to you in the past about Transformation 1.0. And were well down the path of Transformation 1.0. And in fact, if you look at it life to date, on a net basis after investing, we have delivered over $1 billion of savings in Transformation 1.0. Thats on a cumulative basis. If you tax effects that and use the outstanding shares, its about $0.95 of EPS on a cumulative basis. Were not done. Productivity and efficiency must be the hallmark of UPS. So we have initial plans for Transformation 2.0 and 3.0, which when they are finalized, we will share those with you. We also are using technology to drive productivity and efficiency in our operations. And I can just give you a comment on how were seeing that perform. Weve talked to you in the past about ORION. We have ORION 3.0 out. Were seeing a reduction in the miles that our drivers are driving and a reduction in the per piece cost. Now this is virtuous, its continuous, but the combination of rightsizing the revenue and driving productivity and efficiency gives us a path to drive operating margin expansion in the U.S. This is a big company to turn. You cant do it overnight, but if you look through 2020 into 2021 and beyond, you should expect the margin to start to go in the right direction.
Operator: Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Thanks. International may have had a strongest margin quarter ever, and I know there are obviously outsize gains in Asia and what have you. Im just curious, how do we think about the longer term margin in international, or maybe even as we move forward from here, given the strong performance in the second quarter? Thanks.
Carol Tom: We were thrilled with our performance in our international segments and we expect them to have a very good back half as well. That model is a very different model than the one we run in inside the United States. Its an asset-light outside service provider model. So the margins will always be stronger outside of the United States than they are inside the United States. And we view that as a competitive opportunity for us, candidly. Weve identified 10 growth markets that we will grow into. Well be updating you as those opportunities present themselves. In the second quarter, we did enter into an alliance with a firm in Mexico. Were very excited about that, because thats one of our top 10 growth markets and we will now have the leading capabilities in Mexico, both inside Mexico and exporting out. So look for good things to come out of our international.
Brian Newman: And Jordan, if I can just add, the B2C growth in Europe in the quarter or in international in the quarter was up 95%. And so I think the combination of the shift towards B2C and their ability to expand margins was another proof point of why were confident in that model.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Carol, would love, if you could share any learnings or takeaways from your prior stent as CFO at an e-commerce/consumer retail focused company that it can bring to UPS? And also in the context of customer concentration, you have a pretty large number one customer, kind of what are your thoughts on that? And how do you see that evolving over time? Thanks.
Carol Tom: Im happy to do so. First, let me talk about my learnings during the last recession, which was housing-led recession. And my former employer, we felt it hard. They lost 25% of the top line during that recession. Two key learnings during that time. One, invest through the crisis. No better opportunity, if you have the financial wherewithal to do so, to invest through the crisis. So that when things settle down, you are positioned to take share. And thats what were doing with time and transit. Our time and transit investment this year is $750 million. We could have canceled that. But we said, no, were going to pull that board. And were going to invest through the crisis. My second learning is to invest in your people. Now it doesnt mean that you dont have a fewer people in a downturn, but for those people that you have, you need to invest in. And if you looked at our population of UPSers, actually were down in Supply Chain and Freight, as you would expect, because the demand softened up there. But for the people who are left behind, we are investing in them, because it creates loyalty and better experience and better service for our customers. So were investing in incentives for our people. Weve been promoting people. It pays huge dividends if you stay true to your people. Those are very good learnings in a downturn. Learnings as a retailer, is that when cost increases come your way, if you are a large retailer, you can pass those costs increases across the SKU base, and the customers dont know. So while retailers may squawk at price increases that come their way, large retailers have a way to spread that across. And nobody knows. So theres an opportunity here on the pricing side to do what we need to do. From a customer concentration perspective, I looked at our top 20 customers and their performance in the second quarter and of those top 20 customers, all but one group, the only one that didnt grow was government. And I cant tell you why, but it didnt grow. But if I look at our top 20 customers who are retailers, who were predominantly store-based retailers, who when their stores closed and demand shifted online, well for those customers, they had triple-digit growth in the second quarter. Our largest customer did not have triple-digit growth. So that gives you some perspective on how we manage through customer concentration and how were thinking about optimizing the portfolio long-term.
Ravi Shanker: Thank you.
Operator: Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Good morning. You had mentioned or talked about a little bit about the mix between B2B and B2C. But within B2C, could you talk about any mixed challenges that you face in the quarter and how they may have progressed that could have hindered margins there as well?
Carol Tom: Well, maybe Ill start. Brian, you can chime in. I just looked at our ground business and we break our ground business into four segments. Theres 100 weight in commercial, so thats more industrial. Then theres ground resi, which is going to be predominantly B2C and SurePost. If I look at the profitability of ground resi, which now makes up 44% of our total ground business in the U.S. The profitability was up year-on-year. Were taking actions actually to drive profitability in the business. And Brian, do you want to add any more color to that?
Brian Newman: Yes. I just say, as we peel that business apart, I think I had mentioned it in my script. But as we extract the SurePost product, it gives us some encouraging signs for the underlying pricing health of the business within B2C. Because pricing, if you exclude SurePost, Carol, and fuel, we were up 1.5%, and thats better than the last three or four quarters. So its encouraging signs for how were managing B2C.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much, good morning. Im curious, I know the visibility is not great, but specifically in B2B, U.S. and frankly, everywhere, just how did you see that evolve through the quarter? What are you seeing in this quarter? How are you managing and competitively positioning to try and be well positioned as hopefully that comes back. And then the discussion of end markets that are particularly strong or weak over in that category. Thank you.
Brian Newman: So maybe Ill take that one, Scott. And Carol can chime in. The B2B growth was down 22% in the quarter. In terms of the evolution, we actually saw that number get better. It was still down overall. But April, May, June, as it progressed, we started the quarter down 38%. Got a little better down 20%, finished June at down 8% in terms of how were seeing it play out in this next quarter that were holding at about the June levels down, 9-ish in the month of July, as we think about the B2B business. So SMBs, which were also very focused on, they were up 11% in the quarter. So as we think about our small and medium businesses, were seeing those June trends of growth continue into July in the high teens range. Carol, anything to add?
Carol Tom: I think the stability invest new, its not getting worse, not getting better, but its not getting worse on the pure B2B.
Operator: Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just had one on capacity in U.S. domestic. With this type of volume, essentially at the same holiday peak because a couple of years ago, how close is the U.S. network to maxing out capacity? I know you said, you expect volumes to moderate a bit in the back half of the year. But can you focus on revenue quality to help some of that moderation? Or do you think theres a multiyear potential capital investment program around the corner? And I guess in general, can you just talk about what you think of the capital intensity rather of incremental B2C from here in the U.S. Thank you.
Carol Tom: So again, our theme is better, not bigger, optimizing the capacity that we have. And we have capacity to handle the peak volume that we are anticipating this year. There are capacity constraints in the United States, which gives opportunity to manage through with pricing, also opportunities to manage with our customers. As a former retailer, I know this very well, how to manage through, when you have promotions, how long you have promotions, how you use your store base, how you use our access points. Dont forget that we have over 15,000 access points that we can be used to address the capacity issues. So we are feeling very good about peak this year. And as we look forward, its about right-sizing optimizing the investments that we had before we think about continued investments in capital. Its about being better, not bigger.
Brian Newman: Carol, maybe Ill just add on the CapEx piece. We spent the last three years building capacity in automation. And so were now reaching 85% in the U.S. system. So we feel pretty good about our ability to manage that volume. And as were not chasing any volume or any package at any price, we think well be selective in terms of what goes through the network.
Brian Ossenbeck: Thank you very much.
Operator: Ben Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford: Hey, good morning. Carol, just interested in your perspective on the multiyear transformation efforts. What you may or may not change, what you like or dont like about whats been undertaken to date. And just the pathway as you kind of finish up here over the next year and a half. And related to that, maybe Brian, could you provide any perspective on the previous guidance that you had provided in terms of the incremental EPS benefit by 2022 of $1 to $1.20, where that may sit given some of the changes here particularly year to date, and what changes or improvements could come to affect that number? Thank you.
Carol Tom: Well, on transformation 1.0, I think thats what youre referring to. We began that in 2018 and on a gross basis life to date, we recognized $2.5 billion of savings. We have reinvested a good piece of that. On a net basis $1.1 billion in savings and tax effected, its about $0.95 of EPS on a cumulative basis. Thats not enough, candidly. Its great. Take credit for that. Its not enough. We have initiatives underway, were calling it, Transformation 2.0 and 3.0 to drive continued productivity and efficiency in our company. Part of this will be enabled by technology. We are moving from my company as an example, that what was really stuck in a static business logic environment. And that resulted in a lot of overhead doing a lot of reports, looking through the rear view mirror to drive the company. Were moving to analytical decisions science as Juan and his team, build out our digital factory, and thats going to free up productivity. That will absolutely free up productivity. Until this year, believe it or not, we only had two IT releases a year. We now are moving into a continuous release as we move into a more agile environment. And thats critically important in terms of taking costs out of this company. We used to code everything ourselves. We had every application running on a mainframe. We now only have four applications running on our mainframes, and were moving everything up to the cloud. We have 25 systems or applications in the cloud, another 20 in flight and more to do. This will get rid of some of the tech debt that we carry and free up expense dollars. Theres a lot going on. And the ability to transform the way we run our business. The thing that Ive observed that havent quite cracked and were quite good at, we have absolutely no leverage in our [indiscernible] we need to drive more leverage and our payroll given its the largest expense that we have. Now, IT will help with that. And it certainly has helped, but we need to double down on how we can automate the inside of our facilities to drive more productivity. For example, I recently saw an automated label application by a robot. It was pretty cool. Its not ready for prime time, the cost curve isnt right. But it was pretty cool because the productivity of that arm was 50% higher than a human being. So imagine what we could do if we could drive some productivity and leverage in our payroll, it would be transformative. So expect to hear us talk about that over time.
Brian Newman: And Ben just to follow-up, I think Carol answered it, the second half of your question on the $1 to $1.10. Were approaching $1 we have a year left in that Transformation 1.0 program. So were on track to deliver. I think the more exciting focus now is Transformation 2.0 and 3.0, how do we really change the game on a profit per piece, linking back to the productivity.
Operator: Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks operator. Good morning, everybody. Carol, congrats on the appointment as CEO. If this sounds like its TSR for UPS, which may be the case. Just in that context, I was hoping you can expand on the commentary of excess cost that can be removed. Is it $500 million, is it $1 billion, just any sense of how much is being left on the table, so to speak because of the over-engineering and whatever the commentary you just mentioned actually. And how fast can you adjust the cost structure, given the size and scope with UPS? And then also capacity and capital, its a big focus area for you. Should we expect near-term cuts in CapEx intensity? Capital spending for UPS is, I dont need to tell. You have increased $5 billion in the last four years, but the domestic margins have contracted 500 basis points. So is that something we should also expect. Can you address those points, please?
Carol Tom: Yes. Im happy to do so. TSR for UPS is the name of the game. We are all in. And as a leadership team, this is what we talk about as we get together on a weekly, hourly basis. How can we get more out of the assets that we have invested? So thank you for mentioning that, I came to UPS for a few reasons. One, because I love this company; two, because I want to make an impact on our people and three, I want to get the stock price moving. Its all about creating value for our shareholders. And you do that through effective capital allocation. It starts with how you allocate capital. And I will say that we have not gotten the returns that we should have delivered on some of the capital investments that we made. For all whole kinds of reasons, and its not  we dont need to look back for those reasons, but looking forward, its just were going to have a different lens on how we allocate capital. As weve talked this morning, I gave an example of not buying aircraft to have excess capacity, that would have been value destroying. So we opted not to make that capital investment. We will get the network righted before we think about investing more dollars in the network. That suggests lower capital intensity going forward. To your question about, well, okay, great, I get the capital, which is the denominator side. How do you fix the numerator? Or how much cost can you take out? How youre going to fix the revenue? How are you going to get the cost out? I dont like anything unless it starts with a B, because its just not worth our time. Were focusing on the wildly important here. So if its not worth  if it doesnt start with a B, were not doing it. So that gives you a sense of the cost that were looking to take out.
Operator: Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I wanted to ask a little bit more of a follow-up question on the conversation of capital efficiency and specifically your thoughts on the returns on incremental invested capital. So you mentioned that at least for the near-term to mid-term youre to try to more with less at an that should translate into perhaps some lower CapEx levels. But maybe you think about longer-term and what could be the requirements of the business for that technology or for something for speeding up the network. Do you think relative to what UPS has historically delivered from a return on incremental invested capital standpoint? Can you get back to maybe prior peak or that not the right way to think about that? So any thoughts on capital efficiency would be great. Thank you.
Brian Newman: Well, Allison Ill start that. From a return on invested capital, look, weve gone down about 400 basis points as we look back the last couple of years on ROIC. Were very focused on moving that in the opposite direction, moving it up. Were down in the low 20s right now. I think youre referring to the peak where we were in the high 20s. Itll take some time to get back in towards that trajectory. But theres a base level of CapEx that were going to need to spend, call it $2.5 billion to $3 billion on maintenance and thats ongoing. But everything above that that weve been spending on capacity and growth is getting looked at through a different lens. And Carol alluded to it, from a TSR were very focused on the cash returns and looking at the annual payback and how long the payback is. So I think you can look for us to drive improved ROIC. I think the pace will give you some more clarity on that when we come out with guidance. Carol, would you add anything?
Carol Tom: The only thing I would add is that value is defined by what the customer is willing to pay for. And if were spending on capital on enabling capabilities or services or products that theyre not willing to pay for, I dont know why we would spend that capital. So we are bringing a different lens. Its value defined by what the customer is willing to.
Allison Landry: Thank you so much.
Operator: Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Good morning, Carol, again, congrats and welcome. And Brian, look forward to working with you both. You mentioned  just real quickly, you mentioned the weaker domestic in the second half. You mentioned some longer-term thoughts international. Did I hear you say that international will stay at these levels in the second half? I just want clarity on that. And then digging into the second half domestic margins, Brian, is that time in transit, is that  are these kind of the startup costs and thats going away? Or are you looking maybe  Carol, your thoughts on your long-term thoughts on getting back to that double digit margin or is it beyond that given these moves youre talking about?
Brian Newman: So, Ken, thanks for the question. Ill start with the domestic piece in terms of the back half. Yes, Carol alluded to the investments in time and transit, and we think thats a critical investment to continue to invest to drive the service for our customers and speed up time and transit. Weve got a handful of one-off items that I think I alluded to. Theres a land sale, fuel excise tax, management incentive. Those are all laps, but they add up to a couple hundred million dollars. So its a meaningful number. Theres also a benefit catch up in terms of expense. We put on about 40,000 heads to handle the volume surge in the second quarter. So that will be coming back in terms of benefits, if youre full time, your benefits kick in at 30 days, if youre part time, it kicks in about six months. So youll see those creep up. But thats why I provided the caution on the back half of the year. Longer-term though, I think the steps were taking will drive the overall improvement in domestic margins. On the international side, I think you saw a large peak in the middle of the quarter coming out of Asia with the additional flights. And so I think that would moderate balance of the year. And Ken, as weve talked before, I think the focus in international its on EBIT dollars, because I think the team really have an opportunity to drive their share at those elevated margin levels. So margin may not stay at this level, but as you think about the future EBITDA will and there are certainly 2x the domestic margins, a very attractive growth. Carol, anything to add on domestic and international?
Carol Tom: Just perhaps on the growth side. Our volume will be up in the back half. Its just the growth rates wont be the same. And I just want to make sure were really clear on that. I dont want to have any confusion there. And on the international side, I think our margin will be quite healthy in the back half.
Brian Newman: Thanks, Ken.
Ken Hoexter: Thanks. Appreciate that.
Operator: Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Hey, good morning and thank you for taking my question. So I just wanted to focus on the growth that youre seeing within B2B and e-commerce in your international markets. And maybe e-commerce adoption in the international markets as well. To what degree is this potentially a headwind to profitability and margins internationally as we sort of look forward, as we sort of see e-commerce and B2C grow there? Or are there some differences in terms of how that market is structured or how youre network is structured that would make that not the case. Thank you.
Carol Tom: Yes. Our international business is quite different than the domestic business. Its an asset light outside service provider in many of the markets in which we serve. We actually like this cross border opportunity to grow B2C business, and the margins are quite healthy.
Scott Childress: This is Scott. Weve got time for one more question before we wrap up.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Yes. Carol, in your 17 years on the UPS board, youve witnessed several substantial changes in the competitive landscape for the company. And youve been part of steering the board strategy to bring in some more outside perspectives and the senior management, which has certainly seemed to reach a new level, appointing you as CEO here. Can you give the investors some board level perspective on that evolution and thinking UPS is a storage strategy from promoting from within. And any thoughts on where the cultural shift that UPS has headed over the next several years with you at the helm? Thank you.
Carol Tom: Yes. Were a big believer as a board and the companys culture, because we think it is a competitive point of differentiation. As the board looked at CEO succession, they came up with a qualification, if you will, of what the next CEO should possess in terms of experience, in terms of just knowledge in certain areas. And they map that up against both internal and external candidates. Obviously, I wasnt part of that, but there was a search committee that was formed and they looked at, here are the qualifications of the next CEO. And they looked at our internal team as well as external team and decided to go outside for the role. And I was delighted that they asked me to take the role. Its because of the time that were in. As I look to the future of UPS, my goal is to get CEO succession ready candidate. So then when its time for me to move on and actually retire, because I have been retired. But when its time for me to move on, we have ready now candidates inside the company to promote. The big believer and investing in people to help them get to their highest potential, whatever it may be. So dont expect to see a big cultural shift just because I came in for this time. And I am delighted to be here. Its an awesome leadership team. Theyre in the room with me today, giving me support just for answering your questions. We really do appreciate all the thoughtful questions that came to Brian and me today. So thank you for that. And Scott, Ill turn it back to you.
Scott Childress: Final comments, we just want to thank you for joining us today. We wish you a very good remainder of your day. And then we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. And that concludes the call. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, wed like to say good morning to you. My name is Stephen and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations first quarter 2020 earnings call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning and welcome to the UPS first quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO; Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer, along with International President Nando Cesarone, President of U.S. Operations George Willis, our Chief Information and Engineering Officer Juan Perez, and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments well make today are forward-looking statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectation for the future performance or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which are described in detail in our 2019 Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports when filed are available on UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. During the quarter, GAAP results included a pre-tax charge of $45 million or $0.04 per share on an after-tax basis. The charge resulted primarily from transformation-related activities. In the prior year period, adjusted results excluded a pre-tax charge from transformation costs of $123 million or $0.11 per share on an after-tax basis. Unless stated otherwise, our comments will refer to adjusted results. The webcast of todays call along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on UPS Investor Relations website. Webcast users can submit live questions during the call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thank you, and now Ill turn the call over to David.
David Abney: Thanks Scott, and good morning everyone. I would first like to thank UPSers worldwide for going above and beyond during the coronavirus pandemic. Since this crisis began, we have been operating as a critical infrastructure business leveraging the strength of our global network to keep supply chains moving around the world. People are counting on UPS more than ever before, and I am proud of the heroic actions of our employees throughout this pandemic. This crisis touches all parts of our business, and we have been methodical in our response. Our actions prioritize safety, focus on our customers, ensure our liquidity, and position UPS for additional opportunities as conditions improve. Regarding safety, we have adjusted our health and safety protocols throughout our company with increased social distancing, which includes waiving customer signature requirements where possible; more personal protective equipment, or PPE for our people; frequent cleaning of our facilities and equipment, and teleworking for our employees where feasible. Those are just some of the safeguards weve implemented to protect our people and customers, and we will continue to adjust as conditions change.  I also want to recognize the extraordinary efforts of healthcare professionals and everyone on the frontlines in the communities where we live and work. On behalf of UPS, we are grateful for their efforts and sacrifices. UPS is one of the few companies with the logistics expertise and global infrastructure to keep critical healthcare and other supply chains moving. Weve embraced our leadership role supporting FEMA with Project Airbridge and other healthcare-related missions by managing charter flights to deliver millions of pounds of PPE and test kits from around the world into dedicated UPS distribution space outside Worldport. From there, were providing overnight delivery to locations throughout the U.S. UPS is also assisting other federal and state government agencies and supporting customers like 3M, Qiagen, Henry Schein, McKesson, and SanMar as they quickly adapt their supply chains to manufacture and distribute PPE and other supplies. Many companies are coming together with ingenuity and speed to solve the most urgent and complex healthcare challenges of this crisis. For example, we have the distinction of partnering with GM and Ventec Life Systems to provide transportation and logistics services for their advanced technology ventilators now being produced in GMs retooled manufacturing facilities, and Ill add that were doing all of this while U.S. domestic is delivering industry-leading, on-time performance. As China began to recover in March, our Asia outbound business accelerated, both air freight and small package, including the healthcare, high tech, and ecommerce sectors. We quickly added capacity to keep critical supply chains moving and commerce flowing, and outbound demand from Asia has continued. Whats more, as part of FEMAs Project Airbridge and other healthcare-related missions, we increased the number of flights by over 200 to transport critical life-saving cargo to the U.S. and Europe.  Countless companies are relying on UPS to help keep their businesses running and to support their coronavirus response efforts. One fine example is the ecommerce support were providing to Target. When the coronavirus pandemic forced millions of Americans to stay at home, communities across the country turned to Target, and Target turned to UPS. Consumer ecommerce demand for essential and necessary goods surged, and UPS has been there with excellent on-time delivery. Several years ago, we identified healthcare and ecommerce as two of our strategic growth imperatives, and weve been investing in innovative solutions to enhance our capabilities. In healthcare, were expanding UPS Premier, our next generation on-package sensor and visibility technology for critical healthcare shipments, and starting in May in cooperation with the FAA, UPS Flight Forward, our drone subsidiary will deliver prescriptions from a CVS store in The Villages, which is the largest U.S. retirement community and is located in Florida. With our new healthcare unit, we are well positioned to continue to assist our customers as more countries move into recovery and demand for healthcare supplies evolves. In ecommerce, our digital access program for SMBs, one of our strategic imperatives greatly increases their ecommerce market reach, and we continue to deploy UPSNav, the latest enhancement to our proprietary Orion navigation software. UPSNav further supports our drivers with the increase in residential volume. These solutions and many more will enable us to build upon our existing customer relationships and foster new opportunities with others during these challenging times. In fact, UPS is poised and ready to help all customers, large and small, resume business as markets reopen. In late January, we provided our 2020 guidance which did not include any impacts from coronavirus. It was early then and no one could have foreseen the significant impact it would have on our customers and the global economy. In fact, over my 46-year career with UPS, I have never seen the level of demand variability in the markets we serve and among our customers that we are now experiencing.  Throughout the quarter, we adjusted our network and controlled costs, but we were not able to fully offset the unprecedented and swift changes in market demand and mix. Business closures and stay-at-home restrictions disproportionately affected SMBs, and we are seeing a dramatic shift in consumer shopping behavior. By late March, residential deliveries approached nearly 70% of our volume and drove increased delivery costs, a trend we are seeing continue in April. Brian will add more detail on this in a moment. Most economists are currently predicting a recession, but there is broad disagreement on the length and shape of the recovery. The main economic indicators, U.S. industrial production, U.S. retail, global industrial production, and global exports are all forecasted to decline significantly. Due to the uncertainties ahead, we are unable to predict the business impact of the pandemic or reasonably estimate our financial performance in future quarters. As a result, we are withdrawing 2020 guidance. Importantly, UPS generated good cash flow in the first quarter and our liquidity remains strong. We continue to make prudent financial decisions and have additional options available to ensure ample liquidity. In addition, our dividend remains a high priority and is a hallmark of our financial strength. We are confident our actions will continue to enable us to fund the business and support shareowner interests.  As a result of changing business conditions, we analyzed our 2020 capex projects and have re-prioritized our spending to those key investments necessary to support transformation. We are reducing capex by $1 billion. This decision was governed by two priorities: first, we will continue to make investments that best position the company to seize future opportunities as conditions improve; and second, we are prioritizing investments in spending that yield the greatest long-term benefits to the company. For example, we remain on track to speed up the U.S. ground network and expand weekend operations. These efforts will bolster our competitive position and help our customers meet the demand for faster delivery. Also, we will continue expanding our integrated network by adding about 5 million square feet of automated capacity this year. More automation reduces our costs, enhances our network flexibility, and enables the creation of innovative solutions for our customers.  Before I turn it over to Brian, I want to congratulate Carol Tom on being named UPS 12th CEO. Carol has great knowledge of UPS from serving on our board for 17 years, and she has a proven track record of leading a global organization through volatile economic cycles. She brings a vast understanding of retail, ecommerce, strategy, and extensive financial background to the company. Carol is the right person to guide UPS at this time in our history. She officially takes over on June 1, but the transition is well underway. Weve been working closely on all aspects of our business, including UPS response to the coronavirus pandemic. Carols unbridled enthusiasm and passion come through naturally in our daily interactions. She has hit the ground running, and I have great confidence in her ability to lead our company into the future. Now Brian will take you through the details for the quarter.
Brian Newman: Good morning everyone. During the quarter, UPS saw unprecedented and rapid change in customer and volume fundamentals. As a result, we faced a challenging and uncertain environment. Ill begin today by describing the factors that contributed to our results, then cover the strength of our liquidity and wrap up by sharing the trends we see in our business. Let me start with how the quarter unfolded. First, as David mentioned, leading economic indicators have turned negative. Historically, the small package industry was highly correlated with GDP but with two important variations. The small package industry typically grows faster than GDP over the long run, especially in a strong ecommerce environment; and second, during a recession demand volatility is elevated.  During the quarter, our business rapidly changed due to the coronavirus pandemic and declines in global economic activity. Let me begin with Asia. China average daily volume was down 16% in January and February on a local day basis, and then partially rebounded in March, growing 23%. Europe followed a different pattern with January and February average daily volume growth slightly positive and then down mid to high single digits in March. Declines in economic activity trailed the spread of the coronavirus as it emerged in new locations and then surfaced in the U.S.  The virus spread quickly, making it difficult for our customers to know how to respond or make adjustments to their businesses. UPS global network and solutions enabled flexibility and support to our customers; however, we experienced an overall decline in commercial packages of around 2% for the quarter, but in March the decline was actually 8.9%.  Its also important to recognize that businesses were affected differently throughout the quarter. For example, many small and medium sized businesses with limited alternatives were more likely to temporarily halt their operations or move exclusively online. Consequently, U.S. SMB volume growth was flat, a reversal of a positive multi-quarter trend.  The impact across sectors was also somewhat unique. Consumer shopping migrated online, triggering a surge in volume growth led by multiple large UPS customers. Internationally, we saw ecommerce volume growth of almost 12% and domestically ecommerce grew 19% for the quarter. Healthcare was another sector with accelerated volume growth, where in the U.S. it increased 8.9% with significant contributions from personal protective equipment, testing and lab supplies, items that are critically needed to curtail the virus and protect healthcare providers and the general public. So what did all this mean to UPS? While UPS generated more than $18 billion in revenue and about $1 billion in net income during the quarter, we were down nearly 17% or $200 million in the quarter. This was driven by three after-tax items. The impact of the coronavirus was a drag of about $140 million; second, casualty self-insurance accruals were higher than anticipated by about $110 million, which we are addressing with targeted safety training designed for prevention, continued implementation of incident avoidance technology, and finally data analytics to enhance proactive driver coaching; and then finally, the impact of one additional operating day this quarter is a tailwind of approximately $50 million. We are confident, however, that we can take advantage of the opportunities in front of us and that well be well prepared for the recovery when it comes, regardless of its shape. Now let me make a few comments about the segments. U.S. domestic delivered strong volume and revenue with average daily volume up 8.5% across all products, though volume growth softened as we moved toward the end of the quarter. Our automated hubs performed well, however these benefits were not enough to offset the rapidly changing and significant customer and product mix headwinds we faced. Specifically, commercial deliveries turned negative, ending five consecutive quarters of growth. B2C volumes spiked early in the period to high teens, which drove an increase in overall miles driven of nearly 10% and about a 15% increase in total average daily stops. By the end of the quarter, B2C approached 70% of our volume, and average package weight decreased by about a third of a pound. The U.S. generated $401 million in operating profit, which was $293 million below last year. Profitability was primarily affected by the coronavirus, with an impact of around $100 million, higher than anticipated casualty self insurance accruals of about $130 million, and the pension discount rate of $62 million.  Turning to the international segment, international executed well through various peaks and valleys as the coronavirus pandemic spread across the world. Business closures and stay-at-home restrictions led to a decline in commercial volume and downward pressure on volume growth. We had slightly positive average daily volume growth in January and February, but as I previously mentioned, volume declines came in March with the month finishing down 6.5%, mainly driven by Europe. We took advantage of certain growth opportunities and leveraged the flexibility of the network to manage costs to help offset the significant change in mix. We reduced block hours by nearly 6%, well below our export volume decline, and overall international cost per piece was lower by half a percent, primarily from the impact from currency.  One of the bright spots in the quarter occurred in mid-March as China began its recovery. March export volume from Asia was up around 15% on a local day basis. We quickly added capacity to support pent-up demand out of Asia from a variety of sectors, including healthcare, high tech, and ecommerce. International generated $558 million in operating profit and, even with the headwinds, operating margin was 16.5%, which includes an impact of around $70 million from the coronavirus.  Now lets review the supply chain and freight segment. Despite the difficult macro environment, revenue for the segment was down less than 1%. The segment faced coronavirus challenges, as mentioned earlier; however, we saw some positives as the quarter progressed. International air freight tonnage rebounded in March and was up more than 15%, primarily on Asia outbound lanes as the China recovery took hold. Logistics grew operating profit led by U.S. healthcare and Marken, and Marken had a strong quarter of double digit revenue and operating profit growth.  On the downside, U.S. road freight softened during the quarter, pushing profit results within Coyote and UPS Freight lower on a year-over-year basis by around $50 million. Additionally, ocean freight, North American air freight, and brokerage were lower during the quarter. Total operating profit was $158 million. Overall impact from the coronavirus was a drag of around $10 million and tough year-over-year comps were headwinds to profit growth.  Moving to liquidity, we have a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation, and capital management and dividends remain a high priority. Were starting from a position of strength. Cash from operations was about $2.6 billion and adjusted free cash flow for the period was $1.6 billion, consistent with our first quarter average over the last three years. To date, weve strengthened our liquidity with a debt issuance of $3.5 billion in March, which more than satisfies our debt obligations for 2020. We are taking a strict approach to working capital and cost controls across the company. Working capital improved by around $80 million on a year-over-year basis.  We actively engaged with policymakers on stimulus packages to help support small businesses, consumers and corporate cash positions. Finally, we expect to lower our use of cash in 2020 by nearly $1.8 billion by suspending share buybacks and reducing capex. Our capex reduction will not impact our automation targets. About 50% of the billion dollars in capex reduction is from adjusting buildings and facilities projects and the other half comes re-phasing vehicle purchases, and we are finding that some projects are coming in at a lower cost.  We want to thank the U.S. Congress for providing the CARES Act to help companies across the country. We have elected not to participate in the program as we are confident in our ability to manage UPS liquidity through this cycle. We will, however, continue to monitor business conditions and make additional adjustments as needed, including further potential reductions in capex or operating expenses. Our ongoing transformation is extremely important right now as we manage through the current crisis and to further position UPS as global conditions improve in the future. In fact, in the first half of the year, we will add approximately 80,000 pieces per hour of new automated sort capacity to the U.S. domestic network, increasing efficiency and agility within our network. Lets turn to what were seeing now. We view the current global situation as having three distinct stages: pre-coronavirus pandemic, stay-at-home restrictions, and then a recovery phase. The U.S. began the stay-at-home stage in March and it has continued into the second quarter. At this time, we are not able to determine the duration or depth of this stage or the resulting recession. We will leave those debates to the economists and instead will focus on keeping our employees safe, serving our customers, and ensuring ample liquidity for our shareholders. What I can tell you is that our business was performing well coming into the year in the pre-coronavirus stage, and as I shared, we encountered rapidly changing and significant mix headwinds as we entered the stay-at-home period. Because averages can be misleading during these times, let me provide you with some of the trends we are seeing. Asia appears to be stabilizing with strong outbound demand. Europe remains in transition and is weak economically, especially on the industrial side, and in the first half of April international average daily volume is down about 8%. In the U.S. at the end of March, B2C made up around 70% of our weekly volume and that trend has extended into April. Healthcare continues to be a positive with growth in commercial and residential deliveries. No industry verticals had positive commercial growth in March except for healthcare, and these trends have continued into April.  So far in April, U.S. average daily volume has grown mid single digits driven by ground residential and SurePost, and air shipments are up about 1%. Importantly, commercial ground volume is down significantly from last year. Productivity and service levels remain high and delivery stops and miles driven continue to be elevated, putting pressure on our delivery density. I know that its difficult to see all the moving pieces from outside the company, so I hope this provides a helpful glimpse inside. We know well move into a recovery phase, we just dont know when so we cant provide guidance for the remainder of the year at this time; but as we move forward, we will continue to prioritize investment and operational decisions that put us in the best competitive and financial position for the recovery. It is also likely that future consumer and business behavior may change as a result of this crisis and UPS transformation initiatives will help bridge us through new market realities by delivering more automation, increased network flexibility, and new technology enabled solutions that position us well for the future. Thank you, and Operator, please open the lines.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great, good morning. David or Brian, can you talk a bit about perhaps the domestic at 3.5% margin despite the network transformation? If residential is at 70% of volumes, but only for March, and if we now see stay-at-home lasting maybe April, May, do you expect then additional pressure on those margins, or are you seeing any benefit from increased density in the residential deliveries?
Brian Newman: Sure Ken, good morning, its Brian. Thanks for the question. From a domestic margin perspective, as you mentioned 3.5%, there were three items that weighed on the margin in the U.S. in the quarter. The coronavirus, as I mentioned, was about 100 basis points. We had auto liability impact of about 130 basis points, and then the extra day was actually positive, Ken, by about $50 million. One other piece I didnt mention was the SMB initiative that we previously invested, that was about an 80 point impact, and were continuing, Ken, to make those investments through the quarter.  George, maybe Ill toss it over to you for a little color on the U.S. business.
George Willis: Thanks Brian, and Ken thanks for the question. Before I answer, Id like to first of all thank all the UPSers for their heroic efforts and their leadership through this crisis. As we look into the U.S., despite the headwinds, we were able to continue to drive efficiency gains in our operations. Brian just spoke to the $100 million impact of corona, also $130 million for insurance, and $62 million for pension. Despite strong volume and revenue results, investment and efficiency gains, we were not able to offset the impact of the coronavirus and some other headwinds.  Our operating leverage was down for the first quarter since first quarter 2019, but it was driven by elevated miles, which was about 10%, and daily stops, which was up about 15% as a result of the elevated B2C. The rapid changes in customer and product mix in the quarter, those were mostly closed businesses.  So, we did make progress in our transformation initiatives. We generated exceptionally high service levels. As David said, we led the industry, and we helped our customers adapt their supply chain.
David Abney: Thanks George. This is a good question, and I want to spend just a little more time on it. I think it just absolutely verifies the importance of transformation and what weve been doing, what we have in place, and what we will be doing. Scott, you want to add just a little more color to that?
Scott Price: Thanks David. I think its important to understand in the quarter that we are continuing to shift resources to the future of UPS, which is faster and nimbler. We have continued to target high quality growth opportunities, improving our operating leverage with efficiency initiatives, disguised by some of the issues that Brian raised with the focus upon long term earning power of the company. Because of the work that weve already done in transformation, we believe that we are better prepared to weather the crisis, and as we continue to implement and invest in projects this year, we think that we will continue to see very, very solid numerous benefits in the future as well.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question here. This question comes from multiple analysts - Jordan Alliger over at Goldman Sachs, and Chris Wetherbee over at Citi. Do you think the COVID-19 pandemic will change the long-term dynamics of small/medium businesses and part of the UPS strategy?
David Abney: Great question. This is David. Prior to the coronavirus, SMBs were and are a strategic imperative for UPS, and recent events will certainly speed up our SMB strategy. Were prioritizing our strategies and investments to take advantage these opportunities as market conditions improve in order to get the greatest long-term benefit. Were seeing unprecedented and swift changes in market demand, so are our SMB customers at the same time, and more and more theyre seeing the value of our network. Many of these SMBs, especially those that have had to temporarily close, are actively seeking other avenues and other platforms to conduct their business and to reach new markets. Kate, why dont you share a few stories on what were doing in this regard with SMBs. 
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. Thank you. As David said, SMBs are a priority and they are really--our solutions are resonating with the SMBs as we all find ourselves in these unprecedented times. From a demand generation connection, weve got our digital access program, so as some of the demand shifts away from the store on to further online, we actually are seamlessly integrated into where SMBs sell through this program - Stamps.com, Shopify, Amazon Marketplace, and we see vast opportunity in front of us as well, so ensuring they still have mechanisms to reach their consumers. Likewise at this time, they need fulfillment assistance, and were seeing our e-fulfillment and where to go solutions really resonating to help them to keep up with the demand on the fulfill side of the house. Then, of course that critical time in transit piece, so that they reach their customers in a timely manner. Were speeding time in transit, as weve said, to over 80% of consumers in the market and through the weekend. This is really helping the SMBs through this difficult time to take advantage of online business. Of course, while the pandemic is upon us, SMBs did face a disproportionate headwind with the shutting of their businesses, with stay-at-home restrictions, but UPS is here to help them as they recover when the markets open.
Scott Childress: Were going to take our next online question. This question comes from Dave Ross over at Stifel. What are you seeing in terms of capacity and demand out of Asia and Europe?
Nando Cesarone: Ill take that, thank you David. Its Nando. Ill start with Asia, and really what we saw was our average daily volume for the quarter was down 2%, but we saw a bounce back in March to offset early softness. We still see strong demand today. In the quarter, we were successful at using our broad portfolio of freight, cargo, small package to better utilize our aircraft and serve our customers. We created capacity by reallocating aircraft from other parts of the world to where the demand was and currently is, and weve created capacity with purchase transportation where it made sense. We did these things to be where our customers needed us to be and we did it with industry-leading margins, and we are certainly seizing the opportunity that is in front of us right now in Asia.  A little bit of a different story in Europe. We see Europe is still in recovery, so still very hard to predict demand at this point and capacity demand, but I can assure you that the team in Europe is positioned for whatever comes next.
David Abney: This is a great example of the need to show agility in a changing work environment. This is a very dynamic environment, and many of us when we were kids played musical chairs - well in this case, were having to play musical airplanes. Were having to move these aircraft spur of the moment, very quickly making these decisions, and just absolutely proud of the way that weve been able to do that, but its not stopping for a while. Its going to continue to be that way, and we just have to be responsive to the needs of our customers, and we will continue to do so.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for the time. Brian, when you call out the added costs for coronavirus and self insurance, are those costs that should come out as we move through the rest of the year, or are those going to be recurring? Then I guess a broader question kind of strategically for the company would be, that even if you were to back out some of those costs, the decrementals here on the ecommerce-driven growth are pretty negative. Is there a point where you really feel like you need to change the way youre pricing that business to offset that decremental margin, in case this mix shift does stay with us for a while? I guess Im surprised at the lack of operating leverage, even ex-some of those costs.
Brian Newman: David, just in terms of the cost, your first part of the question, the impact of the coronavirus was felt in two ways. One was from a reduction in the SMB business and the shift to B2C - that came through in customer and product mix, which was worth about 120 basis points in terms of the U.S. RPP. We also incurred some costs associated with PPE and other associated opex expense, safety equipment for our folks as well.  In terms of continuation, look - were going to do whatever it takes to keep our employees safe and weve been preparing for some time for the shift to ecommerce. Well monitor that as it comes and adapt accordingly. Thanks Dave.
David Vernon: And the second part of the question on changing your approach to pricing some of the residential?
David Abney: David, were trying to get to as many questions as possible, and that question is going to come up. Weve got an email question thats very similar to that, so well get to that in just a moment. Thank you.
Scott Childress: Were going to take on online question real quick from Fadi Chamoun over at BMO. Would you consider scaling back the dividend if necessary?
Brian Newman: Look - from a dividend perspective, Scott, the dividend remains very important to our investors. Were aware of that. UPS has good liquidity and we do not expect to impact the dividend. We review it quarterly with our board. The first priority in our business is to reinvest in the business. We have a very strong ROIC and there continue to be a number of levers that we can pull to further strengthen our liquidity. Hopefully that answers the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger. Please go ahead. 
Jordan Alliger: Hi. You spoke a little bit about the transformation program, I think remaining on track, and just sort of curious if you can give more color around the facilities you planned on opening this year, you know, pulling forward some of the costs for the weekend delivery, and then once we get out on the other side of this, do you expect the leverage to be back on track from a margin standpoint, you know, in terms of what you were thinking about in 2022, both from a margin recovery standpoint and an additional EPS standpoint? I know theres a lot of moving parts, but any color around that would be helpful.
Juan Perez: Absolutely Jordan, thank you for the question. Ill start first with the facility investments that were making this year. As Brian noted in his opening comments, we will continue to make investments in building capacity across the network. We still are on plan to be able to process 85% of the eligible volume in automated facilities in 2020, which is a significant milestone for us, but were not changing the view that by 2022, 100% of our eligible volume will be flowing through automation. That will provide significant benefits to UPS. This year as it relates to capacity, we will continue to build capacity. We plan on having roughly 350,000 packages per hour of new retrofit automated capacity in our network. Thats going to prove very useful during peak season. Again, all that capacity will be available before peak. The majority of it will be done by the third quarter, giving us an opportunity to optimize the utilization of that capacity. And then, we are still making improvements in the way that we run volume in our existing facilities through the implementation of new technologies. This year, were still on path to implement more autonomous guided vehicles in our facilities to be able to automate the movement of irregular large size packages, and were also in the process of implementing more automated small sorts across the network. Scott?
Scott Price: In addition to investing in costs, we also invest in new solutions that will continue to help us drive higher quality revenue. A few examples - Kate mentioned reduced transit time, making us very competitive with SMDs; seven day a week operations as we continue to expand our Saturday and Sunday; the UPS Flight Forward and an announcement made yesterday in terms of expanding that and CVS. But as Kate mentioned, the UPS digital access program, its powerful for SMBs, it will drive that higher quality revenue, and importantly it cements UPS position as truly the long-term ecommerce provider of choice.
Scott Childress: Were going to take a live question. This question comes from Rick Paterson over at Loop Capital. In January, you reported that Amazon accounted for about 11.6% of your total revenue. What is Amazons percentage of total sales in the first quarter?
David Abney: Thanks, this is David. We review Amazons percent of our global revenue on an annual basis, and so we announced in January the 11.6%. What I can tell you is that their percent in the first quarter of 2020 has really been consistent with their run rate from the start of the next day structural ship that we announced in the second quarter of last year, so that trend second, third and fourth quarter of last year has been very consistent going into the first quarter of this year. I also would like to say that the growth of ecommerce, whether its Amazon or other large customers, does make it pretty difficult for any of them to completely in-source all their transportation needs and it does show the value of existing partners, and we believe that we justify that value on a daily basis. Thank you, and well go to the next question.
Operator: Tom Wadewitz, UBS, please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning. David, congratulations on the retirement. I know youve driven probably a lot more change at UPS than we would see from the outside, so congratulations on all the things youve done over time as the leader of UPS. I apologize for kind of a near term question, Brian, but Im having difficulty with visibility here. Do you think that, given the big changes end of the quarter, that things are meaningfully tougher from a domestic perspective in second quarter? Is there room for some adjustment that would improve over some seasonality? Im wondering if operating income in domestic second versus first, or margin or any framework youd care to provide.
David Abney: Ill start that and then, Brian, if there is anything that you want to jump in, then you can certainly do so. What we have seen in first quarter, at the end of the first quarter has been pretty consistent with what weve seen in April, but we cant tell you what we think its going to be the rest of the--even the rest of the quarter, or certainly the rest of the year. What weve seen in March and April is a reflection of this closure condition that were in. At some point in time, were going to see that bounce back, we just dont know when and we dont know how far its going to bounce back. But as businesses start to open, then youre going to see more B2B increase. As far as B2C, dont know that well ever get back to what wed call the old normal, but were not ready to declare what we see today as a new normal either.  Thats really about as much color as we can put on it. I wish to heck we knew more and I wish we could predict whats going to happen. We just have to deal with where we are today and then we will adjust accordingly.
Scott Childress: Our next question, were going to take an online question from Scott Schneeberger over at Oppenheimer. What steps has UPS taken to balance volume and price in the current environment?
Kate Gutmann: Good morning, Scott. I wanted to start with of course our continuous position, that we ensure we get proper returns for the value we create for our customers. Through this unprecedented time, we saw significant changes in characteristics, which Ill get to, but we also implemented surcharges on our international worldwide products from China and Hong Kong origins. We are also in the U.S. addressing characteristic and pricing changes on a customer-by-customer basis, so when you look at base pricing outside of the characteristic change, were still within our range of 2% to 3%. I did want to zoom in a little bit more on those characteristic changes. The drop in weight with essentials and necessary goods, really largely purchased online as well as the large essential shippers with that demand coming their way, and then as David mentioned, the stay-at-home restrictions and the shutdown of the commercial businesses would actually impact largely that B2B and B2C mix, with 19% growth in B2C and negative 2% in B2B. Those all impacting the view, but the pricing that I noted continues through the period as well as into the future.
David Abney: So pricing is going to be dynamic, just like everything else, and with the world projected to go into a recession and with a lot of the indicators that we follow forecasted to go down, we just have to be very careful and watch what were doing here. As the demand indicates and as we continue to prove our value, obviously our goal is to maximize our pricing, at the same time keeping our network utilized. More to come on that, but we are very attuned to it and we will make adjustments accordingly.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Maybe thinking a little bit about some of the longer term transformation targets, it would seem that a result of what were seeing now would be an acceleration of ecommerce growth and sort of a build within your mix towards B2C versus B2B, or acceleration of that. How do you think that impacts your ability to hit some of the longer term transformation targets, and are there things that youre going to need to do, either from a capex perspective or an opex perspective, to be able to adapt to that, because it seems like its happening maybe quicker than we would have expected pre-coronavirus. 
Scott Price: Yes, Scott here, thanks for the question, Chris. We continue to reaffirm our transformation target. Importantly, I think that transformation, as I mentioned earlier, has set us up for success. We do believe that our previous estimates of acceleration of ecommerce will probably increase as we think over the next five-year period of time, therefore the investments were making in automation, the investments were making in efficiency, we believe will help us deliver those long term transformational targets.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question from Todd Fowler over at KeyBanc. Discuss what youre seeing in the secular shifts around COVID-19 and how UPS will position itself to the response of these shifts coming out on the recovery side.
David Abney: Okay. This is David again. First, I can tell you that going through this pandemic, our highest priority has certainly been the health and safety of our people and of our customers and the communities that we deal in, so we adopted a lot of new health protocols and procedures in place to make sure that we have done the right things there. Then of course, it really is focusing on what are the opportunities that we believe that are happening here in these shifts that are taking place, and its really open up in two immediate opportunities that also happen to be our strategic imperatives, and it has ramped up our initiatives in these areas. Kate, do you want to talk about that a little bit?
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. Ill start with healthcare. We have noted previously that healthcare is one of our strategic growth imperatives. We last year set up the healthcare division, inclusive of our acquisition of Marken, and we are really involved in the recovery for our customers, the communities at large through this time. We also saw high growth in healthcare pre corona period as well and do expect that to continue, but were engaged with companies like Owens and Miner, CVS and Medtronics and Henry Schein, and really helping them as they participate in this recovery. David noted earlier the involvement in FEMA both with the transportation from Asia to the U.S. but also in the fulfillment services and the dedicated space that UPS has. Within healthcare, we have 8.1 million square feet dedicated, and thats really resonating. Then the other one I would hit on of the strategic growth imperatives is the SMBs and just that critical area of our business, both now and in the future. I took you through our solutions that are resonating, helping them to grab the online opportunity through this time and in the future and giving them faster time in transit, more seamless integration to platforms as we help them to make the most of this situation.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Morning guys. I just want to follow up - I think I heard mid single digit volume growth in the U.S. in April. Can you share what the B2B and B2C trends are, and maybe any color on number of stops that youre seeing? Then I know most of the focus has been on domestic, but any thoughts on international and how you think mix is trending and how margins typically hold up in a recession here? Thank you.
Kate Gutmann: Scott, thanks - this is Kate. I would say that what we saw as the stay-at-home restrictions started at the end of March have continued into April, and so we saw the double digit growth of B2C, the negative growth on B2B as companies were closed, and that continues. We also saw the air softening both from the COVID impact and then also from the wrap that we noted in Q2 of last year with the structural change in the market, so we are seeing a continuation of that end of March period in April. Thats largely the U.S. comment, but Nando, Ill pass it to you for international.
Nando Cesarone: Yes, sure. Were seeing similar dynamics on the residential side, but not as pronounced, of course, as the U.S. business. We do have a selective ecommerce strategy that is really focused on cross-border products and making sure that were being compensated for the service were providing, and in turn the margins, as you saw with all the changes in the quarter, still maintained a pretty decent level. We think that the investments that weve made in our European network, the efficiency gains from that also the deployment of our 747-8s really has created a lot of great unmatched capabilities and play well into our ecommerce cross-border strategy.  Thanks for the question.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question. This question comes from multiple analysts, including Fadi Chamoun of BMO. President Trump has suggested that the USPS should raise rates 4 to 5x as part of postal reform. What are the implications for UPS?
David Abney: Yes, this is David again, and obviously we cant make any comments on our competitors rates, but as we stated before, we do support a healthy and a viable USPS and we have a unique relationship with them. Were a customer of theirs, theyre a customer of ours, and we also compete. Where we are concerned, though, is their use of funding from declining monopoly products subsidizing competitive products, and we were certainly in agreement with most all of the presidents postal task force recommendations. They were aligned with many of our priorities, and we think if many of them had been implemented, that there may be a different situation today regarding the postal service than what exists. We do support the presidents view that stimulus grants do not solve the underlying issues at the USPS, at the post office, and we think that any government financial support must be accompanied by important business model and cost accounting reform. We dont believe the role of government is to pick winners and losers, and when you look at the $10 billion of funding in stimulus 3, you look at the $75 billion thats being asked for in the next stimulus package, if that was left unfettered, it would create a very unlevel playing field, so were very supportive of the postal task force recommendations and do believe that there needs to be a focus on reform at the same time.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Scott Schneeberger. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good morning. Could you please discuss volumes and particularly pricing youve encountered on international export parcels in light of the fluctuating level of commercial airlines flying cargo in their belly space over the past few months due to the coronavirus impact? Thanks. 
Nando Cesarone: Yes, Ill start off - its Nando, thanks. Just talking about belly capacity for a second, we know its limited right now and for a period of time into the future. The industry is down around 80% at this point in time and approximately 70,000 daily tons, so quite a bit of capacity thats been taken out of the market. Not sure how long the condition will last, but certainly a recovery will most likely happen when businesses, business travel and tourist travel begin again into the future, and thats really the big question mark. For now, we have added aircraft, we have added flights where we see, and if its appropriate in terms of profitability, we will purchase transportation. But we are dealing with that capacity thats not available as it was in the past allowing us to make sure we run our network as efficiently as possible. 
Kate Gutmann: Ill just add on the pricing side of it, the market rate in China and the Asian origins has gone up, as well as weve implemented surcharges during this period to address that as well.
Scott Childress: Our next question is a live question from--or an online question from Brian Ossenbeck over at JP Morgan. What other measures to preserve cash or capital are under consideration and available to UPS?
Brian Newman: Thanks very much for the question - its Brian. Look, we feel good about our liquidity today in terms of preservation of capital. The priority is to stay liquid, reinvest in the business, and fund the dividend. We have taken, as mentioned, and continue to evaluate several actions to ensure our liquidity. We recently did a $3.5 billion debt issuance which satisfied our upcoming refinancing needs. We suspended the share buybacks for the rest of the year, which gave us a use of funds reduction of about $800 million. Working capital is a focal point for our team, so we saw good results in Q1, and then finally CP and international markets remain open and attractive, so UPS finally has good access to financial revolvers in the event of any unforeseen risks. I feel good about our liquidity and I feel like were taking the right measures in terms of preservation of capital. Thanks Scott.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Ross. Please go ahead.
David Ross: Yes, good morning everyone. Just a question on the cost side of things. The self insurance accrual headwind of $130 million was significant, so if you could just talk a little bit more about that. Im kind of surprised, because the weather was milder this winter. Was that from some nuclear verdicts, and did that drive a change in either your insurance policy of self retention levels?  Then also, I saw repairs and maintenance is up 30% year-over-year. Any comments on that?
Brian Newman: Thanks for the question. Its Brian. In terms of the casualty, auto liability, severity really was the driver of that. We are implementing corrective actions to address in the short term. I would say that the trends would probably continue over the next couple of quarters. Specifically what are we doing? Targeting safety training, installing accident avoidance technology, leveraging data analytics. All of these things are sort of proven to address the auto liability risk, but net-net once we implement those three, wed expect to see significant improvements over time.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question. This comes from Allison over at Wells Fargo. As the wave of the virus moved globally, any lessons learned that youve been able to apply and adjust that help you in a positive way?
David Abney: Yes, and I talked about a little earlier, the first is youve got to take care of your people and make sure not only that youre doing the right things, but that youre communicating and making sure that people realize that part of being a critical infrastructure business is we were able to operate, and we have learned a lot from that. Then second, this is such a changing environment, and one thing that we have learned from Asia and are learning in Europe, and obviously in the United States, is that the needs of our customers change and change quickly, and if youre going to be a player in that, you have to be able to change with them. So weve had to be very dynamic in our approach and listen, and Kate and her group have spent more time talking to our customers and finding out just exactly what their changing needs are, and it can be from one week to the next, so weve had to adjust to that. Another one thats been very interesting, that applies throughout, is that a lot of governments with the best of intentions have been changing a lot of the rules and regulations, and we have learned that, first, you talk to them about the effects of those rules and regulations and try to get them to see sometimes that there is a full side of the story that needs to be considered, but then second is you adjust and you collaborate and you comply, and if you do that, and weve had 113 years of changing rules, maybe not to the speed that were seeing now, and we have learned that you adjust to those quickly and then sometimes you have to make up for it through extra people, and other times you move your assets around. But just got to be very attentive to whats going on and then very responsive at the same time. There are challenges, theres no doubt about it, but there are opportunities, but those opportunities only come to the people that are going to be assertive and are going to read these things quickly and then respond. That pace of change that weve been talking about since weve been undergoing transformation has never been any more true than what it is right now. Thank you for that question.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Amit Mehotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehotra: Thanks Operator, hi everybody. Thanks for taking my question, I appreciate it. I think it would just be helpful to get a sense of how you think about the structural margin profile of the domestic business over the long term. Im not talking about obviously this year or next year, but really four or five years from now, what do you think is an achievable domestic margin and what needs to happen between now and then for you to be able to achieve that? Obviously that question is in the context of seemingly accelerating B2C volume mix, but then also overlaid with some successes youve had bending the cost curve really in the back half of last year, from a cost per piece perspective.  If you could just talk about kind of the four or five year, whats achievable from a domestic margin perspective. Thank you. 
Brian Newman: Why dont I take the outlook portion and then Ill kick it to Kate for a little color. Look - we withdrew our guidance this morning, so I dont think its appropriate to be talking about looking down three or four years in terms of what the margins will do. Well come back to you with that when the timing is right. Kate, do you want to give some color? 
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. Our pricing strategy overall, of course, is to match the pricing with the value that we deliver for our customers. What youre seeing, and we are all seeing in this time, is big shifts with characteristics, so addressing those. When I say characteristics, weight - when people are buying essentials that come out of eachs, so single, you see a big weight drop, and ensuring that we continue to help customers with heavy weight solutions, density solutions. Youve heard us talk about synthetic density - thats a part of the pricing structure and strategy because the more you can get people to match up at our expansive access point network, then its a commercial delivery, lower cost, lower price for them. So we maintain our focus on revenue quality through the future, and then also have learned quite a bit, of course, with the characteristic swings that we see currently.
David Abney: So the key to margins, and whether its five months, five years or 50 years down the road, right, its going to be the value that you provide to your customers and the services that we offer, and how we price those. Then, its going to be on looking at our cost structure, and thats one of the big things that transformation has focused on, and it will continue. Scott, you want to just talk a little bit more about a little bit longer term, what were focusing on from a transformation standpoint?
Scott Price: Yes, thanks David. The transformation program is multi-year, and as I mentioned before, its focused on how we enable and invest in higher revenue business, but also how we protect margin through reductions in cost. Juan covered the reduction in costs that were making through automation and technology. We also continue to invest in a more efficient business overall. Our cost per piece in the long term, we see as an opportunity to continue to invest to reduce. We have continued to invest over these periods of time in our competitiveness, both in terms of revenue and cost, and well continue to do that with the expectation that net total shareholder value will increase.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question. This comes from Jordan Alliger over at Goldman Sachs. Do you expect to see more growth potential from ecommerce post the pandemic due to the consumers moving more to online orders?
Kate Gutmann: Thanks Jordan. I would say that yes, we expect to see more online orders regardless, even prior to the pandemic, just as more and more consumers are shifting online as well as then sellers have migrated and are connected to different platforms and the like for ease to reach their consumers. Then of course with the pandemic, there are various reports out there saying that online purchasing will be migrating in advance of four to five years, depending on which report you go to, so we do see an increase there and were well positioned through our solutions, such as the digital access platform. Scott, you want to expand on that?
Scott Price: Yes, I think whats important is that we have tracked over the last several years a number of market dynamics, but I think substantially the brick and mortar world has had a reset. What that reset will mean into the long term is not yet clear until we emerge into recovery, but I think that there is now a behavior that is baked and we continue to assess now what our estimates are going to be - one, the penetration of retail in terms of digital platforms, and then what volume that creates for UPS.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jack Atkins. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Good morning. Thank you very much for taking my question. I guess this is directed towards Kate. Could you talk for a moment about how you see supply chains perhaps structurally changing as we emerge from the coronavirus pandemic, especially on the heels of the trade war? Do you think we could see more near-shoring activity moving forward, maybe more of a demand for more safety stock and more inventory? Im just curious how UPS is being positioned for what could be some larger structural changes here. Thank you.
Kate Gutmann: Absolutely. Thanks so much, Jack, for the question. We do see a shift, and even prior to with the different tariff discussions that were going on in the world, our customers more than ever were reaching out to us and we were doing solutions redesigns globally for them, to help them evaluate how they would be more protected by having production in different parts of the world. I think that continues. It only magnifies with any situation like a pandemic. What we bring to them is, first of all, our solutions approach, having engineering and design time when they may not have resources available, but then our network supports, our portfolio that helps them right from origin throughout the globe, all the forwarding moves, whether ocean or air, and then fulfillment has really taken off. I think the answer is clearly through this pandemic, especially with small and medium sized businesses that didnt have fulfillment options and did need to pivot, weve seen a really big uptick there as well as the time in transit that we know is so critical, fastest in the world, fastest in Europe, and then also with our enhanced time in transit in the U.S. All of those position us well for this continued trend of looking at customer supply chain.
David Abney: So we have this team of supply chain solutions experts that really focus on solutions, and we also have an advanced technology group that is going to play an even greater role. With the agility thats going to be required, you see those two teams working together well along with our engineers, and at the end of the day if we listen to our customers, if we will take a look at how we can make a difference, and if we make sure that were looking further down the road than just immediate needs, then we can continue to add to the value that we provide. Great question.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Brandon Oglenski. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hi, thank you for taking my question. David, I just want to come back to the pricing discussion, and especially with the comments you guys made on your international selective ecommerce growth strategy, where you do have higher returns. What is different about the U.S. market, because as weve seen B2C get bigger over the past decade, theres just been a pretty strong correlation with [indiscernible] profitability. Is it something about the competitive landscape potentially with the post office or is it potentially Amazon in-sourcing more in the future that has you a little bit more fearful, or is it even something with your [indiscernible] cost structure that just doesnt allow you to extract a greater return on that B2C traffic?
Kate Gutmann: Brandon, this is Kate. Ill address that. For the U.S. specifically with the pricing, I do want to underscore 2.2% was the base pricing increase, and we are actually implementing pricing changes and also solutions that will impact characteristics, but were doing it customer by customer. If you think about the U.S., SMBs are most impacted by this stay-at-home with businesses closing, and then we see the large customers who are actually gaining the demand for the essential products especially, and thats why weve decided to selectively through customer by customer pricing increase that and then achieve that 2.2.  The characteristic change thats going on can mask that, and thats why I wanted to make sure I clarified that for the U.S.
David Abney: Its really a balance. You want to take advantage of the opportunities and you want to certainly price for the value that you bring. At the same time, though, you have to look at utilization of the network, and with this recession thats being predicted globally, if - and there are so many ifs out there that we just dont know whats going to happen - but if demand drops due to the recession, then we have to make sure we respond accordingly there too. So it will be extremely hard, and thats why we withdrew guidance, to give any kind of future prediction on what were going to do with pricing thats further out than where we are now. A lot of it is going to depend on what we see unfold over the next few months, hopefully, but could go further than that, so well have to just take a look and see. But appreciate the question, and its something we ask ourselves on a regular basis. Kates referred to this range that were talking about of 2% to 3%. Shes also made it very clear that we never see that as a barrier, that the value that we provide gives us the opportunity, we of course would increase and operate above the range, thats for sure. 
Operator: That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn the program back over to Mr. Childress. Please go ahead, sir. 
Scott Childress: Thank you Stephen. David, closing comments? 
David Abney: I will, thanks Scott. Certainly a dynamic environment, and if somebody had asked me a couple of years ago if wed be facing what we are today, or if I would be facing on my last earnings call talking about withdrawing guidance and the uncertainty that we have seen, I just wouldnt have believed it, but it is the world that were in. UPS has responded well, not only to the needs of our customers but also to governments around the world, and Im really pleased with the response of UPSers.  I am truly grateful for the wonderful career that UPS has enabled me to have, and like many fellow UPSers past and present, I have gotten a chance to live the American dream through the opportunities of this great, great company. Throughout my journey from a part-time package handler in Mississippi years ago to becoming CEO, its just been a real privilege to have worked alongside you for those 46 years.  To our customers, investors, and friends, I truly value the relationships that Ive made over the years, many of which have turned into long lasting friendships. Ive never counted the number of earnings calls - I know some do - that Ive participated on as a COO or a CEO, but whats most important, its been an honor to speak with and hear from all of you over the years. Carol will lead the next earnings call. I am absolutely confident you will be in great hands with her. I just want to thank everyone for joining us today and urge you to stay safe and stay healthy. Thats the end of our call. Thank you.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning and welcome to the UPS fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO; Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer; along with International President, Nando Cesarone; President of U.S. Operations, George Willis; our Chief Information and Engineering Officer, Juan Perez; and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements within the Federal Securities Laws and address our expectations for the future performance or operating results of our Company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainty, which are described in detail in our 2018 Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports, when filed are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. During the fourth quarter of 2019, U.S. GAAP results included a non-cash, after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $1.8 billion, an after-tax transformation charge of $39 million and U.S Domestic after-tax legal contingency and expense charges of $91 million, predominantly related to the New York cigarette case.  The after-tax total for all three items is $1.95 billion, an impact to fourth quarter 2019 EPS of $2.23 per diluted share. The mark-to-market pension charge includes the effect of notably higher than anticipated asset returns and the unfavorable movement to lower discount rates. It also includes an updated estimate of potential benefits related to the central states pension fund.  In the prior year period, the Companys GAAP results included a non-cash, after-tax, mark-to-market pension charge of $1.2 billion or $1.42 per diluted share. More details on the mark-to-market accounting will be available in a presentation posted to the Investor Relations website later today.  Unless stated otherwise, discussion today refer to adjusted results. The webcast of todays call, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available in the UPS Investor Relations website. Webcast users can submit live questions during the call.  We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate.  Thank you. And now Ill turn the call over to David.
David Abney: Good morning, everyone. Id like to welcome Nando and George to the call. They oversee our two largest segments. Each have deep knowledge of our business through more than 30 years of UPS experience. This morning, Ill share my thoughts of the fourth quarter and the year ahead. Brian will then review the financial details of the quarter and 2020 guidance.  During the fourth quarter, we continued to successfully execute our strategies and deliver on our commitments. Revenue growth improved network efficiency to drive operating leverage and continuous transformation to stay ahead of market changes.  Our multiyear investment strategy is positioning us well to support the needs of our customers, generate profitable revenue growth, reward our shareowners, and create opportunities for our employees. I want to thank the 495,000 UPSs around the world for their efforts during the peak. We delivered more than 1.6 billion packages in the fourth quarter including a record-level of residential packages.  This exceeded our expectations and resulted in a new 8% increase in volume over last year. Also, we were recognized by third-parties for providing industry-leading, on-time service for this remarkably high peak volume.  Our execution over the holidays benefited from increased capacity and automation throughout the network, effective use of proven tools and enhanced technology and deeper collaboration with our customers to align volume with network capacity.  Our operating teams took advantage of the 20 new aircrafts, and an additional 10 million square feet of automated capacity we added to our network in 2018 and 2019, which enabled us to provide great service for our customers for the last two peak seasons.  And many of the technologies and processes we employed during the peak will carry forward to make our normal daily operations more efficient year-over-year. For the company in the fourth quarter, revenue grew 3.6%, operating profit was up nearly 14% and margins expanded in all segments. As a result, fourth quarter adjusted EPS was $2.11, a nearly 9% increase over last year. We are continuing to focus on our strategic growth imperatives, SMBs, e-commerce, healthcare and international growth markets.  Our transformation strategies and investments anticipated the growing significance of the global e-commerce and position UPS well to capture opportunities from all customers. We are embracing the e-commerce structural shift to faster delivery which brought a surge in next year volume of more than 22% in 2019, an increase we were well equipped to handle with greater efficiency.  Our investments drove productivity gains and lowered unit cost on a year-over-year basis generating positive operating leverage in the fourth quarter and for the year. We also proved that our integrated network provides GPS and our customers tremendous flexibility to more efficiently respond to the fast pace of change in the markets.  Now, looking ahead to 2020, I just returned from the World Economic Forum in Davos, where discussions with customers and policy leaders reinforced our current outlook for this year. The 2020 economic backdrop will provide opportunities for UPS.  Consumer demand remains healthy globally and in the U.S. and we are positioning solutions to grow commercial deliveries despite weakness in the industrial sector. Global GDP estimates call for slower growth in the first half of the year, with four year growth at 2.5% finishing about the same as last year, which is below what many considered a normal growth rate.  On a positive note, advancements with U.S. trade are encouraging with the Presidents recent signing of the U.S. MCA and the U.S. China Phase 1 trade agreement an historic event I had to privilege to witness, each is a big step in the right direction for global trade. Amid dynamic economic conditions, and structural shifts in the market, UPS is taking aggressive steps forward by investing for growth, speeding up our networks and introducing new SMB-centric solutions that help them compete and grow.  Our customers rely on speed to market as the competitive differentiator and we believe there is additional growth opportunity for UPS as we accelerate our network and further broaden weekend operations. This year we are significantly expanding extended hours pickup, but Next Day, Ground to cover an industry-leading 98% of the U.S. population. We are also expanding weekend delivery services. More Saturday deliveries we are bringing online more operations, doubling the amount of volume we handled in 2019 to reach an additional 40 million U.S. consumers, plus, we remain the only integrated carrier that offers commercial and residential pickup and delivery on Saturdays.  We are initially launching Sunday delivery to the majority of the U.S. with an economy product and will expand throughout the year to provide our customers a wide range of delivery options covering all seven days of the week. We will also further expand our integrated network by adding more than 5 million square feet of new automated capacity.  Most notably, we recently announced plans for a super hub in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania unlocking opportunities and speeding up the network in the Midwest and Northeast corridor. We see tremendous opportunities and we are taking advantage now by reinvesting a portion of our transformation savings to speed, time and transit and introduce unique new products and services. These actions generate long-term revenue growth and enable further diversification among our growing SMB customer base.  Yesterday, we announced several new solutions to continue to help our SMB customers, we are expanding My Choice For Business in 30 countries and by the end of 2020, 96% of UPS global small package volume will be eligible to be tracked and controlled through My Choice For Business.  And we are enhancing ups.coms simplified cross border trade. The website will guide customer through estimated duties and taxes, and determining customs requirements, making it easier for SMBs to ship internationally.  We also introduced several next-generation technology expansions. Drone delivery service from UPS Flight Forward will soon began at the University of California, San Diego health campuses. We will soon close on an equity investment in Arrival, a leading electric vehicle manufacturer, along with our commitment to purchase 10,000 advanced EV delivery vehicles.  And we are deploying Dynamic ORION, continuously optimizing routing in the U.S. as we progress to make the fastest most technology-enabled company in the industry. We have made great strides expanding and further automating our smart global logistics network and in creating new solutions to grow revenue.  The impacts of our transformation are becoming more visible in our operating performance, even as we invest in new capabilities. All of the network investments and SMB initiatives we are discussing reinforce our confidence in achieving our transformation, EPS commitment of $1 to $1.20.  The decisions and investments we are making, especially with our SMB initiatives and pulling forward actions to speed up our network will uniquely position UPS in the industry and our design to ensure continued success well into the future.  Now Brian will take you through our results. 
Brian Newman: Thanks, David and good morning. Today my remarks will cover our quarterly performance and the full year for 2019, then I will finish with our 2020 outlook.  Both our fourth quarter and full year results were enabled by UPS strategies, execution and investments in our smart global logistics networks. Our diversified growth is a result of making the right trade-offs as we continually adapt to the changing environment.  During the quarter, we generated positive operating leverage and grew operating profit and margins across all segments. As a result, 4Q 2019 diluted EPS grew nearly 9% and full year EPS was $7.53 per diluted share.  Moving into the segments, in the U.S., we continue to see strong volume growth. The additional aircraft capacity and automation we added enabled our operators to adjust the network and efficiently meet the surge in demand for our services, allowing us to take on new customers during the height of peak seasons.  U.S. domestic revenue increased nearly 7%, driven by volume growth across all products. Next Day Air volume increased nearly 26%, deferred was up almost 16% and Ground volume rose more than 6%. Growth came from B2C and B2B shippers producing the fifth consecutive quarter of B2B growth. Customer and product mix dynamics decreased revenue per piece by 2% driven by lower average weight per piece and larger e-commerce customers adoption of faster delivery options.  Most importantly, unit cost was down 3.2%, which in turn generated positive operating leverage. The result of productivity improvements from the investments we have made over multiple quarters. U.S. domestic operating profit was more than $1.2 billion, a significant increase of more than 20%.  Now, looking at the International segment, strong execution and continued cost management enabled another quarter of profit growth and margin expansion, which helped to counter a 1.7% decline in revenue, primarily due to conditions in the macro environment.  Total export volume was down slightly in the quarter, as gains on intra-Europe, intra-Asia, and U.S. export trade lanes did not fully offset the declines into and out of the UK and on the Asia U.S. lanes. We adjusted global Air capacity to match demand where and when needed driving high levels of asset utilization. We lowered international block hours by about 3% and in total, unit cost decreased by 2.8%. While navigating within the challenging environment, we grew operating profit nearly 4% and expanded margins 110 basis points reaching 21.5%. Our outperformance further demonstrates our ability to leverage our capabilities and continuously adapt to grow profits. Now lets turn to supply chain and freight. Even with the macro challenges in forwarding, operating profit was up 17% and margins expanded 120 basis points, primarily due to the diversity of our portfolio, our continued focus on SMBs, and lapping last years profit impact during labor negotiations for the freight business.  Looking at the individual business units, Logistics, UPS Freight and Marken were bright spots. All three grew revenue with profit up double-digits helping to offset the softer business conditions faced by Coyote and Forwarding.  Now lets turn to cash and shareholder returns. UPS continues to generate strong cash from operations enabling further investment and rewards for our shareholders. As I guided last quarter, we lowered our 2019 CapEx due to increased capital efficiencies. The result was capital investments of $6.5 billion. Additionally, we returned $4.3 billion to shareholders including about $1 billion of share buybacks and $3.3 billion in dividend distributions.  Now let me comment more broadly on 2019. We made strong progress with our Transformation. We closely monitored market changes and made quick and prudent adjustments throughout the year. For example, we continually adjusted our integrated network, aligning our capacity with changes in market demand resulting in a lower cost structure that drove strong operating leverage across our business.  We launched numerous innovative solutions to help grow B2B and B2C volumes, as well as win new SMB customers and we took advantage of structural changes in the market like rapid adoption of faster delivery driven by e-commerce, a benefit to UPS in 2019.  The strength of our network allowed us to capitalize on the structural shift in the market for next day delivery and help all customers embrace this trend. UPS was also able to increase our business with Amazon through competitive wins and the structural shift to next day delivery. When combined with the revenue declines in the International and Supply Chain and Freight segments, Amazons percentage of total company revenue rose to 11.6% for the year. On the whole, we managed nearly 6% increase in annual volume and at the same time, we generated double-digit increases in operating profits and expanded margins. And we were able to deliver EPS within our guidance range despite a dynamic market environment.  Now looking to 2020. We expect full year adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.76 to $8.06. Our outlook reflects forecasted year-over-year declines in U.S. industrial production and other global softness. However, there is growing optimism due to the recent trade agreements that could move us higher.  Another external factor that will affect our results is lower pension discount rates. For this reason, operating profit specifically in the U.S. will be muted. However, benefits below the line in other income and expense will more than offset the impact to operating profits.  We provided a new table in our financial information that holds pension discount rates neutral on operating profit on a year-over-year basis giving investors additional transparency in this area.  Now, let me review the key drivers of our 2020 EPS guidance at the total company level starting with 2019 EPS of $7.53. First, strong underlying segment performance is anticipated to produce year-over-year EPS growth between 6% and 10%.  Supporting this growth are several company-specific tailwinds including, growing adoption of our new solutions, increased efficiencies from our expanding automation and the proven value of our integrated network that provides us and our customers flexibility to adapt to a changing environment.  Working against us this year is the impact to operating profit from lower pension discount rates I mentioned earlier. This is equivalent to a drag on EPS of $0.26. In addition, there is a $0.33 EPS headwind from the SMB network initiatives. We have elected to implement SMB initiatives to speed up our network across multiple lanes and broaden our weekend operations.  This will result in tripling the rate of improvement we made in 2019, making time in transit faster for 80% of residential and commercial customers in the U.S. Clearly, this will improve UPS competitiveness and further diversify revenue creating more opportunities for SMB growth.  These initiatives will drive both startup costs and revenue growth in 2020 and in the coming years, revenue is expected to grow significantly. In 2021we expect EPS and margin accretion from these initiatives.  Starting below the line, total other income and expense will be a positive for the company primarily because in 2019, we generated more than 17% returns on pension assets leading to a favorable impact in 2020.  And lastly, in 2019, we enjoyed tax benefits from discrete items that are not anticipated to repeat muting EPS by $0.10. The 2020 tax rate is expected to be between 22.5% and 23.5%. Pulling it all together, full year 2020 adjusted diluted earnings per share will be in the range of $7.76 to $8.06, another year of solid EPS growth.  The strong underlying segment performance builds on prior year gains and gives us confidence in our ability to deliver our long-term targets, which includes an incremental $1 to $1.20 of EPS by the end of 2022 from transformation initiatives.  Diving deeper into the segments, in the U.S., we forecast revenue to increase 4% to 7%, driven impart by continued adoption of faster delivery services and the new solutions we have introduced. We anticipate Ground will grow in the low-single-digit range with healthy growth in Air shipments keeping in mind that we will be lapping elevated Next Day growth over the last three quarters.  We are also planning for improvements in customer and product mix, as well as growth in base rates. As I mentioned, we are further broadening our customer base through network and product initiatives. We also expect incremental efficiencies throughout the year from previously opened and new automated facilities that come online during 2020.  Given all these factors, U.S. Domestic operating profit on a pension discount rate neutral basis should grow in the low-single-digit range. This includes the impact from the SMB initiatives that we chose to accelerate and expand in 2020 to capture the tremendous growth opportunity.  Moving to International, we will continue to adapt to changing conditions, target high growth market opportunities, and adjust the network to balance capacity with demand. Average daily shipments will increase in the low-single-digits and revenue will increase 4% to 6%.  We will maintain our industry-leading margins and we expect to generate operating profit growth in the mid to high-single-digits on a pension discount rate neutral basis.  Finally, the Supply Chain and Freight segment will continue to execute its SMB and cost management strategies. The diversity of our Supply Chain and Freight business units will again help us manage through cyclical moves in the market. We expect gains within our healthcare unit and truckload brokerage should rebound in the second half of the year.  For the segment, revenue is anticipated to grow between 4% and 6% and operating profit is projected to grow between 5% and 7% on a pension discount rate neutral basis.  Looking at the shape of EPS across the quarters, we expect 2020 to somewhat resemble 2019. In the first quarter, we expect EPS to be in the range of 17% to 18%, a full year adjusted EPS midpoint, driven by tougher year-over-year supply chain and freight comps, softer macro conditions, as well as the significant initial cost associated with our SMB initiatives.  The remaining quarters will be fairly balanced in a range between 27% to 28% of the full year adjusted EPS midpoint with the fourth quarter at the top-end of the range.  CapEx for 2020 is planned to be around $6.7 billion. These investments, which include automated buildings and technologies continue to expand the efficiency and flexibility of the UPS Smart Global Logistics network.  Adjusted free cash flow is anticipated to be between $4.3 billion and $4.7 billion. We plan to reward shareholders with growth in dividends, subject to Board approval and anticipate share buybacks of around $1 billion for 2020 similar to the last few years.  In conclusion, the Transformation investments we are making and the actions we are taking better position UPS to capitalize on growth opportunities. And as macro conditions turn more positive, we could see additional upside potential for the year.  And now, Ill ask the operator to open the lines. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of 
Scott Childress: This is Scott Childress with UPS. Please allow  we are only going to allow one question from each speaker. So we may allow as many as possible to participate. Our first question is a online question. We got multiple analysts.  Todd Fowler from KeyBanc, as well as Fadi Chamoun from BMO. You mentioned that you are fast-tracking initiatives in 2020 to capitalize on the market opportunity. Can you elaborate on this?
David Abney : I certainly can. This is David and I would say, we are faster  fast-tracking initiatives in 2020. We have had positive momentum in 2019 and we see it in the underlying performance in 2020. We have clear visibility to structural shifts that we really want to take advantage of Next Day and Seven Days. And so, we just see tremendous opportunity especially with our SMBs.  So we have elected, made a conscious decision and we wanted to pull forward some transformation initiatives into 2020 that would speed up our network significantly and take advantage of these opportunities that are being presented. And so, we are focusing into  two main areas. Our time and transit, and we started improving time and transit, making it quicker in 2019.  We are going to triple that rate of improvement in 2020. In fact, the UPS network, we will be faster by the end of this campaign for 80% of the U.S. population than we were before we started. So, 80% significant improvements.  And then of course, weekend, seven day deliveries, just so important to consumers today and we are going to double our delivery volume and weekends on Saturdays, we are going to reach 40 million new consumers and whats important is, seven days is important, not just for residential, but for commercial deliveries too.  We have SMBs saying what about us, we need seven day delivery and we are focusing in that regard too. And then, Sunday, we started out with an economy service thats over the majority of the population and we are going to expand Sunday offerings throughout 2020 to give a wide, wide range of delivery options. So these are two structural shifts that we see that run hand-in-hand with our SMB strategy.  And the good thing about these is, they are not CapEx heavy, they are OpEx and cost and we will be putting in OpEx in 2020. But these initiatives, when you look them together are going to be accretive in 2021. Its going to give us much higher asset and lane utilization. Its going to give us better competitiveness and more pricing power.  Its going to give us additional business and allow us to continue at our lower cost and we are just really excited about this opportunity. Now is the time, we seize the moment and we believe investors expect us to seize these kinds of opportunities and thats what we are doing. Brian will talk a little bit more about the effect for 2020 and then of course, we have already said accretive in 2021.  So, yes, fast, faster and we are going to continue to be speeding up our network for our customers. Thanks for the question. 
Scott Childress: Our next online question comes from Ben Hartford of R.W. Baird. As transformation has progressed, how confident are you in UPS ability to either realize the stated $1 to $1.20 or get it earlier or even exceed the initial estimates? 
Brian Newman: Ill take that, Scott. Thanks, Ben for the question. Its Brian. Look, we are confident in the $1 to $1.20 incremental EPS given the investments we have made already returning. We are looking at margin expansion across all three segments in 2019 and its just building on the momentum.  So I think by choosing to invest, accelerate and expand the investments in SMB that David referenced, we see opportunity to capture accretive growth going into 2021 and beyond. 
Operator: We have a question from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead. 
Tom Wadewitz : Yes, good morning. Wanted to get your thoughts about competitive environment. I think, FedEx has accelerated  they are kind of quickly doing six day and seven day. So it seems that they are competing harder in e-commerce. Obviously, you are getting a lot of traction in the market, getting strong growth in Domestic Package and investing more aggressively as you announced today.  Do you think that these investments accelerate your volume growth looking forward? Or is this something where you just have to spend more to compete and kind of keep the momentum? How do you think about competitive dynamic? And how that translates to volume? Thank you. 
David Abney : Yes, we will, Tom. This is David and Ill let Kate to follow-up. What I can tell you is we are focused on serving the entire e-commerce ecosystem. And that includes large e-tailers, that includes the large retailers and that includes the SMBs, the thousands and thousands of SMBs that we have to compete and to punch above their weight with the larger companies.  Just a few things to point out, when it comes to the major retailers, over 90% of the larger retailers utilize our innovative services and weve seen their business grow. Ill just give you a few examples of that target Qurate Retail Group, Macy's, GAP, Kohl's, Best Buy, Overstock. I mean, all of those companies have seen our innovative solutions and we have grown.  But where our real passion is in this area is, allowing and enabling small and mid-sized businesses to compete against the bigger companies and thats where you saw just a straying of announcements yesterday. We made more product and service announcements in 2019 than we made in my entire career at UPS and we are following it this year.  And Kate, Ill turn it over to you to highlight a few that you want to focus on. 
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. And so, clearly, we are the e-commerce provider of choice and David just brought life to that and focus on the SMBs, the exciting part of our solutions is that we actually are leaning in both on B2B and B2C. The speeding of time and transit help both and fast means, through the weekend. UPS only has the commercial offering for our customers helping the SMB to actually speed through the weekend and also replenish inventory.  So very impactful. And you know, these customers have told us, its about pace, speed and ease. And the ease is helping them to connect whether they are already existing and that is with Digital Access, thats exactly what that does it brings together the community of buyers with the SMB sellers and attach My Choice For Business on that.  It helps them to control not only their outbound, but their inbound and the more you can do that, you save staffing, you save cost and then that helps them to reinvest into their businesses. So we do see these investments as accelerating growth and we are excited that it is with the structural shift in the Air, also the speed on the Ground and very excited.
David Abney : Yes, there is just two that I want to highlight. One is, weve been a e-commerce shipper of choice for over years. This is something that we concentrated on six, seven years ago and we have put the network in place and we will continue. But just two things I think is worth drawing out is, we talk a lot about the structural change of Next Day Air and Next Day in general.  And our extended hours Next Day program where we can pickup  get late pickups and we can actually serve 98% of the population for our brick and mortar retailers thats within a 150 miles of their locations. We can cover 98%. That is industry-leading and that is giving them a competitive advantage. It allows them to hit Next Day through their Ground network.  And then  so that was very important. The other one that weve made a lot of announcements about, but we are just speeding through and thats Access Points and we are adding in the press release, another 1,500 Access Points, new package express centers. What makes this unique is this is in a lot of rural areas, people that dont have a lot of options and by the time these get implemented with the others we have announced, 92% of the population of the U.S. will be within five miles of our Access Points.  So it just gives you some good examples of what we are doing to maintain our status as the e-commerce shipper of choice. Thank you. 
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Ken Hoexter : Hey, great. Good morning. Dave or I guess, Brian, that was great information on the breakdown in terms of the 6%,10% outlook, but then, with the pension and other network rollout. So looking at that $380 million or so pre-tax expense you are spending on accelerating the network, can you maybe talk about the split between rolling out weekend delivery? And what the other actions that are  that you are spending money on?  And then, within that shift from two day to next day to now intra-region that Dave was just talking about, how do you plan that world? Does that require any additional network shifts or investment as you do that?
Brian Newman: Thanks, Ken for the question. Look, we are looking at the SMB initiatives in total as I broke it out, its a $0.33 total investment with two objectives. We are trying to accelerate the time and transit. We are going to reach over 80% of our customers and then in addition, expand the weekend coverage.  So, rather than breakout the $0.33, we are looking at it in totality as a program. We see it accretive to 2021 and beyond. Maybe Ill let Juan take a stab at sharing some of the details of the two programs. 
Juan Perez: Yes, thanks, Brian. And as we think about the expansion of weekend delivery services, we started that already in the Q4. The advantage that we have is that we have a well defined integrated network that gives us unprecedented capabilities to be able to enable these services. We are going to leverage the relationship that we have with the USPS.  David made that reference to the Access Point network that we have. Its a network thats in place. Weve already built that technology that supports the integration between UPS and the Access Points. That will make it really easy for us to be able to expand us well in those areas. And again, we will continue to provide services through the network that weve already built with the great people that we have supporting those operations. 
Scott Childress: Our next question is an online question coming from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please address UPS progress in driving U.S. Domestic B2B share growth and the potential to further expand in 2020?
Kate Gutmann: Thanks so much. This is Kate. So first, we are proud to be the B2B market leader and also to say that we grew B2B for the fifth consecutive quarter. This quarters B2B growth was fueled by retailer returns, returns growing 6% with our unmatched portfolio. So you can actually have the flexibility of returns, whether it be label list, package list and also right available on your mobile application.  So very excited about the progress that weve seen in that space. And then B2B a critical component of that is our healthcare strategy as well as our SMB with a large majority of B2B tied to those. Also David mentioned the structural shift. Structural shift comes with the businesses speeding and that also impacts B2B.  So, everything you see us doing with speeding time and transit, through that we can follow that to continuing our success with B2B. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jordan Alliger : Yes, hi. Good morning. Just sort of wondering, can you talk a little bit and I know this the pension headwinds, but a little bit about your thoughts on managing the cost per piece and the revenue per piece in the Domestic business and managing to sort of that spread differential and what we should think about in terms of cost per piece going forward? Thanks. 
Kate Gutmann: Okay. Sure. So, Ill start with the revenue per piece. First of all, we were excited to deliver the positive operating leverage and George will speak more about that aligning the cost per piece with revenue per piece. As weve noted, revenue per piece was affected by weight per piece and customer mix. As we leaned into this structural shift thats going on in the market, and we will continue to do so.  With that, we are seeing speeding, whether it be in the Air services. You saw our Air growth very strong. Three consecutive quarters over 20% with this past quarter at 26% for Next Day and double-digit for deferred. A lot of which by the way is coming from a very broad customer base heavily SMB in that area.  And then, David mentioned that Ground inclusion that we have, which is our extended hours, Next Day Ground and the coverage that we gain, 98% of the population by activating brick and mortar. That will continue.  So, shorter zone, some less weight, but solutions that gain the whole portfolio Air and Ground from our customers which will help RPP. And then, we remain committed to growing our price as aligned to our value and our cost per piece. 
George Willis: Hey, Jordan. This is George Willis. And thanks for the question. So, as far as the cost per piece goes, our investments have significantly lowered our structural cost. So in answering your question, you think this is going to continue to drop. We continue to see it improving as well.  We are driving productivity gains and we are lowering our unit cost. We did that last year and we expect to do the same thing this year. We are creating excellent leverage as Kate just talked about earlier. And it was  it actually exhibited last quarter in the fourth quarter. This was evidenced by our cost per piece actually going down 3.2% in the fourth quarter.  So we see the benefits in our new facilities. We are going to continue that. We also see the continuous improvement on on-road and in our Air network driven by the new technology and automation. 
Jordan Alliger : Thank you. 
Scott Childress: Our next online question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe, as well as a few of the other analysts. Please provide an update on your relationship with your major customer. There is always much discussion of their plans and how that could impact UPS business over the next few years.
David Abney : Okay. This is David and I will  and our business did increased with them over 2019 and part of which was due to a structural change and this focus on Next Day. And we foresaw that change and we had the list available and we really took advantage of that, not only with the large e-tailers, but with other companies that are matching that same structural change. We also had competitive wins. We have large e-tailers and others.  And we saw a little bit of a muted growth top-line from International and Supply Chain due to macro conditions and of course, that made the percent revenue a little bit larger. But one of the things we want to focus on is, at the same time that we took on additional volume that we did bring our cost per piece down significantly in the U.S. operations for the fourth quarter, in fact, on an adjusted basis by more than 3% from the year before.  And also, that other customers are able to take advantage of some of this capacity and structure. So, other retailers and small and mid-sized companies have been able to take advantage in the same way. As long as there is with any of our big customers, as long as there is a mutually beneficial relationship, then we will continue and we will find ways to win together.  But we also find ways to continue to help our small and mid-sized companies and others to compete against those large opportunities, whether its through Ware2Go or e-fulfillment or Access Points or other options. So, thats kind of a run down about where we stand. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead. 
Chris Wetherbee : Hey, thanks. Good morning. It looks like the guidance for the first quarter suggests basically flat earnings although you are expecting growth throughout the rest of the year. Can you talk a little bit about the cadence of the investments that you are making, the SMB initiatives and others and is that sort of front-end weighted?  And is that a driver of that sort of weaker than average first quarter? Or do we think that there is sort of introducing new seasonality to the business with the potentially sort of the growth in your largest customer as a percent of revenue. Just want to get a sense to sort of how we should be thinking about the cadence of the growth and the expenses, particularly in the first quarter? 
Brian Newman: Yes, its Brian. Thanks very much for the question. So it has less to do with the changing of the seasonality. Its more about the phasing and cadence of the investments we announced. The $0.33 OpEx investment or EPS headwinds that we are putting in. The revenue lag to those startup costs. So, as you think about Q1 and launching the investments, revenue comes a bit later.  And thats why we are muting EPS in addition in the Supply Chain and Freight business, given the macro backdrop that we are expecting some rebound in the middle to late part of the year. So, those are the two elements impacting the phasing of the guidance. 
Chris Wetherbee : Thanks. 
Scott Childress: Our next question is an online question that comes from Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Can you discuss the announcement of the construction of a super hub in Pennsylvania? Is the construction embedded in your three year CapEx? And can you tell us how the super hubs will differ from your other major sort facilities?
Juan Perez: Yes, Allison, this is Juan Perez. Thank you for the question. Just a couple of points, let me first clarify the $1.4 billion that we announced is for not just one facility in Pennsylvania. Its a total of four facilities in Pennsylvania. The largest of those is the super hub we will be building in Harrisburg Pennsylvania. By the way, you have heard us talk about the Smart Logistics Network a number of times.  Part of the Smart Logistics Network is building critical capacity to support the needs of our e-commerce customers. We continue to build that capacity. Weve been very effective. That capacity is yielding the expected results.  Your question next talks about how we continue to improve the facilities that we build. We have this philosophy at UPS that every time we build a new facility, that facility is going to have the next-generation of advanced technologies that will help us continue to build capabilities, improve our automation, reduce our hours.  In this particular building, we expect to see some really unique technologies. More data analytics that will provide better insights on how the facility is running. Of course, how it can help the overall network and we also expect these new facilities to use the latest and greatest automation technologies that we have.  The CapEx is included in our three year plan. So this is something that we have been planning all along as we continue to build our Smart Logistics Network. We are excited about what we are building in the Northeast critical corridor for UPS. 
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
David Vernon : Hey guys. Good morning. Brian, maybe could you talk a little bit about how the $0.33 is going to be kind of earned back into 2020, 2021? Is this something that we should be expecting to be basically, just go away as a one-time item? Or is this going to take a little bit of time to grow through? And as you think about the next three year view on CapEx, obviously, these investments announced in the last couple of days have been significant.  But this sounds like your part of the capital envelope. Has your thinking on reinvestment changed at all as far as kind of the next three year view on CapEx going forward? Thanks.
David Abney : This is David. Ill take the first part of that question and Ill turn the CapEx over. So, from an OpEx standpoint, on speeding up the initiatives, this is really about how to increase the asset and lane utilization of our transportation network. Its about competitiveness, its about pricing power. When you have a much faster network, you dont have to discount as much.  We also dont have to have customized solutions. So we are going to be able to take some of those that we have put over the years to help speed the network. We are going to be able to take that out. But we really see that we are going to get additional business and that was the thing that got our attention so much last year is when we put these first ones in, we way exceeded the return of additional packages than we were going to get.  So when you put this infrastructure in place, its not fully utilized at first. It takes a while to grow. But based on what weve seen last year and what we expect to see this year, the revenue and the pricing power from this move is going to more than take care of the operating cost. Thats why we are boldly saying that this is accretive and its accretive in 2021 and weve got the  so far the examples to show that.  So lets turn over to the CapEx side and that's to you, Brian. 
Brian Newman: Thanks, David. And David, thanks for the question. So, with respect to CapEx, you are right. The investments we talk about this morning, Harrisburg et cetera, those are all embedded within our capital guidance and envelope. David talked about the OpEx investment. But in terms of where we are headed on CapEx, you saw we are guiding to about 6.7% in 2020.  Thats really coming from a lot of efficiency being driven as we saw in 2019, as well as 2020. We see a glide path eventually moving down towards our historic average of 7%. And ultimately, if you look at the ROIC, which is among the leading industry and really its a good investment for the company in terms of the returns.  So, hope that gives you a little insight on the CapEx side. 
Scott Childress: Weve got a couple of questions on International. Tom Wadewitz from UBS, as well as Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. UPS realized a 150 basis point margin improvement in international package in 21 despite small declines. Is there room left for further margin improvement? And does the recent phase one of the China deal helped in that regard?
David Abney : Ill talk about phase one of the China deal and then Nando will go further than that. We think the U.S. China Phase one was a historic agreement, as much for what it kept from happening with additional tariffs being implemented, plus what was covered in the actual agreement and certainly looking forward to working with governments on both sides for Phase two. But a positive start there.  When you take a look at that, and you also take a look at the terminal dues change that is going into effect this year, which is going to allow us with our worldwide economy service to really compete in cross-global e-commerce cross border, I should have said, the e-commerce shipments that we havent been able to do before, because of the very low cost of the terminal dues.  So thats gotten addressed and so, we do see some positive momentum and Ill turn it over to you Nando to talk about the business units.
Nando Cesarone: Sure. Thanks for the questions. Of course, what we look at trade obviously concerns exists, we focused really strongly on making sure that we were growing our operating profits regardless of the macro backdrop. We were able to execute industry-leading margins, create positive leverage and of course, continue our profit growth during the quarter.  I also want to just thank the International staff globally for the work and how they accomplished all of those things in a very challenging environment. While we saw the volume coming in a little bit differently, of course, we feel very comfortable about the cost reductions and the cost control and how we manage expense, mainly the network efficiency, our revenue quality, but also cost efficiency.  We executed 2.8% decrease across all cost categories in International. Long-term targets are 16% to 19%. We are 21%. Higher margins are not exactly the primary goal, but maximize our profits certainly is. So, thanks for the questions. Appreciated. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Scott Group : Hey, thanks. Morning guys. So, can you just share what the Air and Ground volume expectations are for this year? And then on the $1.10, I just want to make sure I understand the numbers of how much you think you got in last year? Whats assumed for this year? I just want to know whats left for 2021?
Brian Newman: So, Ill take the first part of that and kick over to Kate to talk on the Air outlook. So, from a  in a $1 to $1.20 in terms of whats in there, we basically  anything over the 7.5% or the 5% to 10% guidance is, think about putting a deposit down. So, we posted pretty strong operating growth in the 2019 results.  We basically earned about 25% to 30% of that EPS upside. So, the balance would be left to come in 2021 and 2022. So, Kate, do you want to take the Air piece?
Kate Gutmann: Yes. 
David Abney : Of course, she does. So - and we talked about when transformation that we had targeted $800 million to $1 billion of cost savings in our Smart Logistics Network initiatives and we are certainly on track. We may get another question on that and we can talk about that. But we are on track there too. So, then, Kate, do you want to talk about the Air side?
Kate Gutmann: Yes. Absolutely. I think, it's a good starting place to say that we are the Air market share leader and we saw this and anticipated this change, the structural change going on in the market and leaned into it with our solutions.  And as a result, youve seen the strong Air growth three consecutive quarters over 20%. We do expect to continue to see healthy Air growth alongside related to what Brian was saying the Ground comes hand-in-hand. So, we are seeing Next Day Air, Two Day Air resonating across our customer base whether it be from healthcare, SMB, e-tailers, large retailers.  We have expanded capacity, additional planes, all of that tying together to the strategy. And then weve talked about the unmatched UPS network and the ability to cover 150 miles of One Day Ground, really activating our retailers and our SMBs brick and mortar to help them to better compete in the market. So flexing where their inventory is and then using whichever of our product fits for that need. So, healthy feature as well. 
David Abney : So, a key point that Kate brought up on our Air volume really and we gained significant market share last year in our U.S. Air network. Weve been gaining market share in that sector at least for the last five years, if not five of the five years. So weve been constantly investing in aircraft and have 11 more that we are putting in this year that benefit the International cascades to the Domestic.  So, this is something that we offer a clear differentiated value advantage to our customers and they are rewarding us and its going very well for us. 
Scott Group : Okay. 
Scott Childress: Well take another online question. There is multiple analysts asking this. Did  how did your peak season returns compare this year to last year? And please discuss UPS process to handle this.
George Willis: Yes, first of all, I would like to thank all of our partners and service providers in the U.S. for a very good peak season. It was driven primarily because of several things. First, our collaboration with our customers.  Second, the efforts of our people and third, the use of technology in our automated facilities. As a result of this, through third parties, weve led the industry again in service for the second consecutive year. We delivered over 32 million packages, 16 of the 18 delivery days between Thanksgiving and Christmas.  Majority of our volume, as you heard us talk about investments and handle that growth was  year-over-year was done in our automated facilities. Our network responded and was very responsive and we continue to be agile. Our operators made good decisions during peak. And now for the technology part, Juan?
Juan Perez: Just a couple of quick statements folks. The first one that I think, its important for you guys to know is that at the end of 2019, 75% of our U.S. eligible Ground volume was actually sorted through automation.  In addition to that, we had completed the rollout of UPS ORION Navigation. That gave us significant benefits, especially as we bring seasonal workers on and they needed that type of technology to improve their overall delivery capabilities.  And of course, we dont know that we are introducing additional technologies on the dispatch on delivery side that are going to continue to help us throughout peak season. The benefit of automated facilities cannot be understated. We actually exceeded throughout the year and certainly throughout peak season, we expect that production improvements that we get from automation.  We introduced new solutions as well in terms of autonomous-guided vehicles in our automated facilities to support the movement of bulk. All those solutions proves extremely valuable in executing our successful peak season and we are already planning for 2020. Thats the way that we now approach peak season for a number of years. 
Scott Childress: We are going to take one more online question and then we will close it out. The question is from multiple analysts asking about what technologies are in front of us, as well as our drone technologies, how we see that playing out? 
Scott Price: Thanks for the question. So, as we mentioned, transformation helps us bend the cost curve to help us invest in growth. Some of the growth opportunities we see, in particular in support of our customers is in the area of leverage of Ground. So UPS Flight Forward which was launched last year. A number of trials we announced the San Diego, where we are able to move across campus speed up for critical care or our support to customers.  We also announced the Waymo. And Waymo is an interesting opportunity for us. It allows us to test a new model for later pickups at UPS stores. That supports our SMB customers and get them a later cut-off and a competitive ability to do late orders and fulfillment for Next Day. So, all of these technologies are helping us to grow and at the same time, bend our cost curve. Thank you. 
Operator: That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn the program back over to Mr. Scott Childress. 
Scott Childress: Thank you, Steven. David?
David Abney : Good, Scott. Yes, I am sure, you could see on this call that we are making significant progress in executing our strategies. The U.S. was certainly an excellent example of that through the fourth quarter. We are leaning into SMBs. The great majority of the solutions that  innovative solutions that weve announced in 2019, 2020 is to assist these SMBs to do more effective and to be able to compete with the larger companies.  And our transformation initiatives, they are driving efficiency and they are allowing us to provide these new innovative solutions. So these things are interrelated that go together. And the last thing I wanted to hit about our call today is we are absolutely speeding up our network and expanding our weekend. We see a unique opportunity here in the market and we are going to take advantage of it.  We are going to make those investments from an OpEx standpoint. And we do feel strongly it will be accretive in 2021. And we absolutely are convinced its the right thing to do. So, we are going to continue to accelerate. Move at a faster pace for the benefit of our customers, our shareholders, and our people.  So, thank you for joining us today.
Operator: That concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and have a nice day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning and welcome to the UPS third quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO; who joined us in September; Richard Peretz, our Former CFO; Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer; along with our Chief Operating Officer, Jim Barber; our Chief Information and Engineering Officer, Juan Perez; and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectations for the future performance or operational results of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2018 Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. During the quarter, UPS recorded a pre-tax charge of $63 million or $0.06 per share on an after-tax basis. The charges are primarily from transformation-related activities with the majority split between the U.S Domestic and International segments. In the prior year period, UPS recorded a pre-tax charge for transformation cost of $97 million or $0.09 per share on an after tax basis. The webcast of todays call, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on UPS Investor Relations website. Unless stated otherwise, discussions today will refer to adjusted financial results. Webcast users can submit live questions during the call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thank you. And now Ill turn the call over to David.
David Abney: Good morning, everyone. Today Im going to provide highlights from the quarter and discuss several of the exciting industry [per] [ph] solutions we recently announced. Then John will outline our actions for a successful peak and Richard and Brian will cover the financial details. In fact, I would like to welcome Brian Newman to the call as our CFO. He brings broad international business experience and I'm very happy he has joined UPS. I also want to thank Richard for his numerous outstanding contributions over his 38 year career with UPS. Rich is staying through the remainder of the year to ensure a smooth transition. Now turning to the results. Again this quarter, we're reporting strong performance in a dynamic environment. Our transformation investments continue to deliver benefits driven by our highly efficient and expanding global network, our focus on targeted growth from the most attractive opportunities and solid execution of our initiatives. Our innovative solutions are differentiating UPS from others in the industry. As a result, consolidated revenue grew 5% and operating profit grew more than 20% creating strong operating leverage and the highest quarterly operating profit in the company's history. Margins expanded in all three segments, a testament to the quality of our strategies and disciplined execution. Our integrated network is running well and widespread adoption of next day delivery is an excellent fit of our expanded Air and Ground capabilities. As you are aware, trade uncertainty continues to create macro challenges for businesses. We are working closely with our customers to help them adjust, while also making the most efficient use of our assets. Here in the U.S., the consumer continues to drive the economy with strong retail, healthcare and e-commerce sales, bolstered by solid consumer economic conditions. Our strategy is resonating with customers. Despite the slowdown in the industrial sector, as evidenced by B2B volume growth in other sectors for the fourth consecutive quarter, we are benefiting from improved SMB customer mix and expect it will continue as we prepare for another record peak season. We have recently announced several new capabilities and solutions that support our strategic growth imperatives, small and medium-sized businesses, international growth markets, e-commerce and healthcare. In the healthcare and life sciences area, I'm pleased to introduce UPS Premier, a new technology enabled healthcare shipping solution. We are adding next generation on package sensors and special tracking technology to provide pinpoint location information on each package. In addition, we have a priority handling program for these shipments that further improves reliability. The sensor technologies and special handling plans provide a high-value solution for great visibility and special contingency actions for critical packages. E-commerce and the rise of online marketplaces and platforms offers boundless opportunities for customers and for UPS. B2C and B2B sellers of all sizes benefit from the convenience of platforms to reach customers and manage their business. Through our digital access program, we're making it easier for SMBs to use UPS services by embedding our shipping solutions directly into the leading e-commerce platforms. On these platforms, our customers are already hosting websites, managing orders, fulfillment and other tasks. For example, we just announced a new agreement with Stamps.com where UPS is presented as a preferred shipping partner to their more than 700,000 customers. We have a presence on many other platforms and have more to come. This strategy will enable UPS to increase our market share of high quality B2C and B2B e-commerce packages. As you have seen in recent media coverage, UPS Flight Forward became the first company to receive full Part 135 Standard approval from the FAA to operate a commercial drone network. We are working to quickly scale and just announced a new healthcare campus delivery program at the University of Utah in partnership with Matternet. We will transport samples, specimens and other cargo via drone instead of using couriers. This new deployment is similar to our initial program launch that WakeMed in North Carolina. In another Flight Forward development, we're also partnering with CVS Health to establish other drone delivery use cases involving deliveries to residential locations. Together, we will define and implement shipping solutions for urgent deliveries, including pharmaceutical or other CVS Health merchandise. These solutions leverage the speed and point-to-point delivery capabilities of our Flight Forward drone delivery network. This is an important expansion as CVS Health is the first retail partner for UPS Flight Forward's programs. UPS is also working with AmerisourceBergen to utilize drones for delivery of pharmaceutical supplies on hospital campuses served by the company. We're pleased to help AmerisourceBergen develop improved operating efficiency and timeliness among other benefits realized by drone deliveries. We have also begun a new program with Kaiser Permanente to develop drone delivery operations at several of their hospital campuses. Together we will identify solutions to improve patient outcomes and increase overall operational efficiency. We envision UPS drones offering innovative delivery solutions for many industries. Again, more to come. Through our investments, we're strengthening our core business as demonstrated by our operating results. These actions also further position us to accelerate performance. Before I turn the call over to Jim to discuss peak, I want to make a few comments. This morning we announced that Jim Barber our Chief Operating Officer has decided to retire at the end of this year. Jim and his team will maintain our strong focus on several UPS transformation projects and will guide our peak efforts. He has served UPS for 35 years, and like many of our people he rose through the ranks to an important leadership position. He has made tremendous contributions during his many domestic and global assignments. I wish Jim a happy and healthy retirement. And now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Barber: Thank you, David. UPS presented many exceptional opportunities that led to remarkable experiences over the course of these 35 years. I had made enduring relationships with many global customers and have enjoyed working with many exceptional UPS people who have become lifelong friends. I've also had the great fortune to be involved with extraordinary philanthropic causes that make the world a better place. All these experiences have shaped who I am. I will be forever grateful to past and current UPS partners who guided me, worked alongside me and gave their best effort to expand and sustain this wonderful company. UPS has a great future ahead. That being said, our focus is on putting our customers first, engaging our dedicated people and creating value for our shareholders. So that brings me to peak 2019 and our plan to handle another record holiday season with great service and great operating performance. We are very confident that our plans will enable us to successfully execute peak again like last year. Our global strategy is focused in three key areas: implementation of the proven tools and best practices from last year; full utilization of our expanded network capacity and deeper collaboration with customers for joint development of daily volume expectations. We expect another record peak season barring any unforeseen weather events. Retail sales are forecast to grow more than 5% and online holiday retail sales are likely to reach a new high. Our network operations are running extremely well with industry-leading on-time performance and excellent operating efficiency gains, giving us great momentum as we move into the holiday season. We had a highly successful peak last year. It was well-planned and cleanly executed. We are building on that approach, but have even more assets to reinforce our confidence in dependable performance. Since last peak, we taken delivery of nine new aircraft with two more on the way in support of growing demand for our air services. We will have added another nearly 5 million square feet of highly automated facilities, including another 400,000 pieces per hour of automated sort capacity. About two-thirds of that sort capacity is already online and operational compared to last year when almost all of our new capacity came online in the fourth quarter. We also improved the Ground network, widening the reach of our Next Day Ground capabilities and speeding transit times in key lanes. And we expanded the use of technology providing our expert planning and operating teams with enhanced tools to improve execution and efficiency. In addition, to help support the expected increase in package volume, we are adding about a 100,000 seasonal employees and have shortened their ramp-up time with enhanced global trading. We expect the holiday shipping season to start the week of Thanksgiving, then rise sharply during cyber week and remain heavy through Christmas. We're also planning for heavy returns volume following cyber week and then again after Christmas through mid-January. Overall, during peak 2019, we expect a greater than 5% increase in daily global deliveries above last year. Plus, we estimate we will deliver more than 32 million packages per day around the world, an increase of more than 50% over our regular daily volume. What's more, due to e-commerce structural changes, air volume continues to grow at near historic levels. And we expect demand to be strong during peak as Next Day delivery increasingly becomes the new standard for B2C and B2B e-commerce. Our preparations also include deeper collaboration with our customers. Our joint forecasting process, which runs throughout peak helps us identify planned and unplanned daily Ground and Air volume. Then we align it with available network capacity for increased utilization and operating efficiency. It is a proven approach from 2018 that we know improves service to our customers and helps them take advantage of our network flexibility. In summary, we are ready to deliver another successful peak season. Our smart global logistics network enabled by our advanced technology and run by talented UPSers worldwide is in top form. And we are fully committed to providing high quality service for all customers and delivering healthy financial returns to our shareowners. Now I will turn it over to Richard to discuss our results.
Richard Peretz: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, everyone. UPS delivered solid performance in the quarter, reflecting significant progress on our initiatives. This morning I will review a summary of our third-quarter results and Brian will discuss our outlook. For the company, operating profit grew more than 20% on 5% revenue increase. Operating margin expansion was substantial, up a 150 basis points. Our results are an indication that our strategy and investments are improving the fundamentals of the business, especially in the U.S. What's more, the strategic growth and cost management actions we are taking are helping to offset the headwinds from a weakening global economic environment and slower U.S industrial production. Now let's turn and review each of the segments. We continue to see progress in the U.S with clear gains in the top and bottom line results, driven by our ability to adjust the network and anticipate changes in demand. Revenue increased nearly 10%. Both Next Day and Deferred grew by double digits and Ground revenue was up nearly 8%. Total volume across all products grew more than 9%. Next Day volume jumped nearly 24% and Deferred was not far behind up more than 17%. Our growth in Air was diverse across multiple industries. Ground volume was strong, up nearly 7% led by retail and healthcare and mix is now just over 50% residential deliveries. Reported yields were a bit softer, but were more than offset by a decrease in unit cost, which we will talk about in a moment. The declines in yield were due to a rapid adoption of faster delivery services by large e-commerce customers coupled with increased and lighter weight shipments with average weight per piece down about half a pound. Going forward, we expect yields to grow as our new SMB solutions pickup speed and have broader variety of customers and industries adopt this new standard. Most importantly for the quarter, unit cost was down 2.5% driven by productivity gains, efficiency in our new automated building and benefits from other transformation initiatives. The combination of strong revenue and enhanced cost efficiency generated substantial bottom-line results this quarter. Operating profit was up nearly 26% and operating margin expanded 130 basis points. As you see, domestic is performing well and we expect momentum to carry us into peak and the upcoming quarters. Looking at the International segment. International delivered good performance with operating profit increasing more than 20% to $693 million. We saw a lower-than-expected benefit from currency and the business felt the effects of the softness in the global economy, both of which were partly offset by gains on a property sale for approximately $40 million which was above what weve anticipated. To match changes in geographic demand, we frequently made changes and adjustments to the network and our localized strategy. As a result, total export volume was flat. Asia exports continue to grow to virtually all major non-U.S regions of the world and we grew exports within the European continent. We continue to see volume weakness into and out of the U.K and on the Asia to U.S lane. And we had slight domestic growth overall with a number of countries increasing, including Mexico, France, Spain and notably the U.K. On a currency neutral basis, domestic revenue per piece increased 2.3% for exports, product and lane mix weighed on reported revenue per piece. International operating margins expanded over 300 basis points this quarter. Our performance was driven by the combination of successful execution, continued structural changes in the network and our ability to target growth markets. Now let's turn to look at supply chain and freight. The segment continue to adapt in a dynamic environment with disciplined cost control by targeting SMBs and with gains in a number of the business units. Putting it altogether, operating margins expanded on lower revenue and slightly lower profit. Comparisons are difficult to last year's third quarter. As a reminder, profit grew over 33% in 2018. Ocean, air freight and truckload brokerage revenue were lower this quarter with gains coming from Marken and the logistics unit. Logistics increased revenue more than 7% and generated solid profit, led by customers in healthcare, retail and the manufacturing sectors. On the profit side, healthcare, LTL and logistics were bright spots with Marken and UPS Freight growing profits by double digits. Overall, UPS delivered good performance in the third quarter. Our investments to modernize our global network are improving our results and momentum will continue. Well, that was the last time I will cover Results. What a good quarter to end on. Ive had an exciting and fulfilling Career here at UPS. It's surprising how quickly 38 years can go by. It's been an honor to represent the UPS team and this great company each quarter. The outlook for the company is bright. And now I'll turn it over to Brian.
Brian Newman: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. I'm very grateful for the opportunity and excited about the growth prospects which UPS represents. I was fortunate to have gain broad experience with one global company and now I'm humbled to join UPS. I've been very impressed by the UPS team and I'm eager to meet our investors as I hit the road over the next few weeks. Now I'll share the update on our cash position and outlook. One of the hallmarks of UPS is our ability to generate cash. Year-to-date UPS has generated $5.7 billion in cash from operations and adjusted free cash flow was $3.2 billion, which includes capital investments of about $4.5 billion. Looking at capital expenditures, our projects are generating greater benefits than anticipated, plus, weve made gains in deploying our capital more efficiently. Projects have been standardized and we continue to optimize procurement practices. As a result, we are lowering plan CapEx by about $500 million for 2019 and again in 2020, all while maintaining our network automation targets and other transformation goals. We are also raising our adjusted free cash flow target for 2019 to over $4 billion, predominantly driven by adjusted CapEx and working capital efficiencies. Now let's turn to shareholder returns. So far this year, UPS distributed more than $2.5 billion in dividends, which represents a 5.5% increase on a per share basis over the same period last year and we repurchased 7 million shares for $753 million. Moving to tax. Our effective tax rate for the quarter came in just under 21%. As Richard discussed on the second quarter call, there were anticipated one-time benefits in the third quarter. Accordingly, we anticipate our fourth quarter and full-year tax rate will be between 22% and 23%. Turning to guidance. 2019 is a year of significant progress across the segments. Transformation investments are becoming much more visible in our performance and we expect this momentum to carry forward. Looking at the fourth quarter across all the segments, we expect the U.S consumer to remain strong and the structural shift for faster e-commerce delivery to drive elevated demand for our services, offsetting the current slowdown in U.S industrial production. This year we added more capacity to the network. All 400,000 pieces per hour of new capacity will be ready ahead of peak. As a result of our positive growth and efficiency factors, we expect strong operating profit improvement and margins to expand on a year-over-year basis. In the International segment, we continue to make network adjustments to optimize asset utilization and efficiency. In addition, we will further grow in targeted trade lanes and within the international domestic markets. And so we expect International operating profit to continue to grow. Turning to supply chain and freight. We expect double-digit operating profit growth. Gains in logistics, healthcare and UPS freight were more than offset market headwinds in forwarding and truckload brokerage. Also of note, last year we had a drag on profit driven from the UPS freight contract ratification process. On the whole, we have confidence in all of the factors within our control and we expect to be well within our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $7.45 to $7.75. Despite weakening macro conditions throughout the year, weve maintained our initial guidance range. Our strategy and network investments are generating positive returns as evident in our profit margin gains. However, our guidance is based on the continuation of current conditions, should external conditions deteriorate, our outlook could be negatively affected, yet remain within the range. I'd like to close by echoing Jim's comments. We are fully prepared to deliver a successful peak season with healthy returns for our shareholders and great service for our customers. Now, I'll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Operator: I will now turn the program back over to IRO Mr. Scott Childress to start our Q&A segment. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress: Thank you, Steven. Couple of reminders. Please only one question per person, so we may allow as many as possible to participate. And during the call, Richard will take questions on the actual results and Brian will take questions on our outlook. Our first question comes from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. With the efficiencies from transformation and the benefits from the SMB initiatives, do you think that cost per piece can move lower in the future?
David Abney: Hey, Chris. This is David. Thanks for the question. And we do believe that the costs will continue to be lower than last year. And it's our growth and cost initiatives are gaining momentum. It's a combination of our strategies, of our investments; of course, our automation. Our execution has been very good especially this past quarter. Our transformation initiatives and the structural changes that we're seeing with Next Day Air. Positive operating leverage two quarters in a row, but this quarter just very strong positive operating leverage. Our cost per unit was down 2.5%. You have to go back a long, long way to see that kind of performance. And U.S. operating profit was up nearly 26% and our operating margin expanded 130 basis points. So very successful third quarter. We have momentum. We expect it will continue and we do believe that we will continue to have lower costs than the previous year. Thanks for the question.
Scott Childress: Our next online question will come from Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. How is the UPS network positioned to benefit from the structural shift in both short zone and next day?
Kate Gutmann: Thanks, Allison. UPS is positioned very well. We continue to gain the benefits from the structural change in the market and we've seen increased demand for faster e-commerce and UPS delivering positive operating leverage. Air grew double-digits with Next Day Air nearly at 24% and Deferred at 17%. And we also see Air growth in e-commerce as well as broadly in healthcare, high-tech and throughout small and medium-sized businesses as well. The structure change also means faster shorter zone Ground. And we have had strong Ground growth at nearly 7%, fueled by our solutions like our leading Next Day Extended Ground Service, which is enabled by the flexibility and power of our network which Juan will talk to you.
Juan Perez: Thanks, Kate and thanks, Allison for the question. We continue to work very actively on building our smart logistics network. And I will tell you that the UPS network is really well positioned to accept multiple changes in the market as we continue to see them. That comes as a result of a number of investments we've made. Youve heard Jim and David talk about some of those investments, but they all come together in the smart logistics network. Additional automation in our network, that's definitely paying off and weve additional plans to continue to enhance our automation moving forward. Capacity in our facilities is providing unprecedented flexibility to the UPS network. We expect that to continue to be the case. Investments in technology to improve efficiency definitely the case and were not stopping there, we continue to make investments in advanced technologies that are going to continue to make the network more flexible, more capable. So we're excited as to where we are today and where were going in the future in adding capabilities to support the business.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning and congratulations on the strong results, particularly that domestic program seems very good in international margin. And just wanted to say congratulations also to Jim and Richard. You guys have had a great run at the company and look forward to working with you Brian. So I guess on the domestic package improvement story, it seems like youre early on in that. You had first quarter a pretty substantial gain in domestic margin. How do you think about that going into 2020 with the kind of soft industrial with a lot of momentum in your retail. Is it reasonable to think that youre early on in domestic package margin improvements and a lot of momentum going into next year? Or should we be somewhat cautious given the soft macro backdrop? Thank you.
Jim Barber: Hey, Tom, Im going to start and then Brian is going to take us into 2020 a bit. Look, I think that as we talked about, this was a pivot year for UPS and we continue to pickup pace. The most recent quarter we really have about five or six levers that are coming together here to look at to bring us to what David talked about in the opening comments and in his first question and that's the leverage that we got. You got transformation, thats a tailwind. You have procurement, thats a tailwind. The extra capacity that weve talked about, the automation that weve talked about, you got operational execution. Our operators are executing at a very, very high level. And then the last point, I think we continue to talk about the power of the integrated network and we're able to put the Air and the Ground and the International to at the same time at these high rates that produces what you see on this piece of paper. So it's been a great quarter for us and Brian will talk about the future for a second.
Brian Newman: Yes. Thanks, Jim, and thanks Tom for the question. So Q3, as Jim mentioned, we saw a nice pop of a 130 bps, so it was a good margin expansion. We are looking for good margins in the fourth quarter. But as we look out to 2020, what we are really focused on is the relationship between the revenue per piece and the cost per piece and making sure we drive that leverage. So we will come back to you and talk more about operating margin expectations in the -- on the January call, Tom. Thanks.
Operator: Question from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: It looks like things are just starting to turn here. You are starting to get the leverage we want. And I don't want to sound too indelicate or anything, but like why -- could you talk a little bit about the thought process about why now is the right time to maybe step down? And then, David, could you talk a little bit about kind of whats your plan is from a management standpoint and a succession standpoint as were making some changes at the C level to make sure that the momentum we have here and some of the investment programs is going to continue into 2020 and beyond?
David Abney: This is David. We are very excited about the progress that we have made and we are going to continue to make in the U.S. I think well-deserved recognition. It was due to the transformation initiatives and due to the investments that we have made and those are going to continue. I think we've done an excellent job with our management team. We've got a blend of people, the long-term UPSers like Rich and Jim and then we also have brought in some very good people from the outside. I see that continuing. We have a strong bench and succession planning is something that that we constantly focus on. And this is a natural progression. We have many people that spend their entire years careers at UPS and we appreciate that. And then we have others that are ready to step in and so we're excited about those opportunities too. So feel good about where we are. We have the team that will handle and that will bring transformation initiatives all the way through. Im as confident as I can be about that. Thanks David for the question.
Scott Childress: Our next question is an online question. There is -- from multiple analysts. Can you provide an update and some color around your CapEx guidance?
Brian Newman: So thanks, Scott. Look, UPS has been a good steward of capital. And if you look at the returns from an ROIC perspective, we're roughly double the industry average. We lowered our CapEx guidance as you saw by $500 million this year and a similar amount next year. And that offer 3 points in terms of reflection. One is the reduction is due largely to efficiency gains in buildings across the network and procurement standardization. Second, the change does not affect our transformation or capacity initiatives. And then lastly, the CapEx reduction has enabled us to actually raise our adjusted free cash flow to north of $4 billion for 2019.
David Abney: An important thing here is we're just getting more done with less and this is what transformation was intended to do. And we're very happy to see that take place.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey good morning. And Jim and Richard, thank you for all your help over the years and Brian welcome. Just maybe, David, talk about the deceleration in the Next Day Air. Last year you or last quarter you are up about -- oh no, Im sorry, last year you are up about a 100,000 packages sequentially. This year up 35,000, so Im wondering if is this Amazon taking some of the share back? Is it a deceleration in the underlying growth and maybe that transitions to your multiple comments on if the economy decelerates or deteriorate? Is that something youre already seeing, given the multitude of your commentary on that?
David Abney: When it comes to -- and we will talk about the Air business first. And what we're seeing is an acceleration and it is not due to the economy, although the U.S economy is consumer driven and it is providing a lot of opportunities. But when you look at this quarter, we have taken flight to success, thats why Im so sure because our Next Day Air volume is up 24%, our second day of Deferred is up 17%. And it's a structural change and then it's more than just one customer. And Kate would you like to talk a little bit about other customers?
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely. We are excited because weve seen it in e-commerce and across all segments in e-commerce, customers of all size. But thats Air growth, so the speeding is definitely occurring whether it would be two to one or Ground to the Air mode. And then were also seeing that ground short zone. So this structure change is resonating and were seeing the benefit to operating leverage.
Ken Hoexter: Im sorry, Im not thinking -- I don't think you answered the -- I guess, Im seeing a deceleration in growth from sequential. Is that not kind of pointing towards the economy or a customer shifting in volumes, just from 2Q to 3Q?
Richard Peretz: No, I think -- this is Richard. Obviously, you have to -- and we actually called it out during the second quarter. There are different seasonalities in average volume per day impacts and we actually called out that during the second quarter, especially earlier in the quarter, your volume levels aren't the same as they are in the third quarter. And so we took advantage where we thought it was appropriate, getting the right return as you see in the bottom line results. But there's going to be seasonality and opportunities from a -- just a level of business, based on how each quarter operates across the entire -- the U.S., there's just more business activity, say in the fourth quarter than the first and more in the third than in the second. So the [multiple speakers] 
Ken Hoexter: Got it. Thank you.
Richard Peretz:  already there.
Ken Hoexter: Okay. Thanks, Rich.
Scott Childress: Our next question comes from Brian Ossenbeck at J.P. Morgan. What are some of the services and partnerships contemplated under the new Digital Access program?
Kate Gutmann: Thank you. This is Kate. We are excited about the Digital Access program. It's a continuation of our small and medium-sized business, strategic imperative and the investments we've been making. So just to crystallize the thought, we are investing to ensure that we enable UPS solutions and integrate them for easy shipping wherever our small and medium-sized business sellers and go to sell as well as where consumers go to shop. And we have already integrated with anything of meaningful size with marketplaces and platforms and excited about the most recent announcement on Stamps.com. Just to put it into more quantified format, with Stamps and Shopify alone, we are actually reaching over 1 million small and medium-sized businesses and there is more to come. We continue this partnership strategy. Scott, did you want to lend a ?
Scott Price: I think just the core investments that we've made to the transformation program. Some of the areas are improved timing trends at the announcement of our 7-day network, and of course the expansion of our Access Point. So all of these solutions hold nicely on those transformation investments improving in our core.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Can you clarify, just because I haven't heard it, can you clarify what the actual CapEx guidance is for this year and next year? And then on the U.S. margin side, I know we are not guiding to 2020 margins yet, but do you have maybe some longer term thoughts on where you think U.S. margins can go, once we get through sort of the full few years of transformation?
Scott Childress: Scott, we are going to take one of those questions. So, please make sure it's only a single question per ...
Brian Newman: So from -- its Brian. From a CapEx perspective, we had guided for this year and next to be 8.5% to 10% in terms of sales -- in terms of revenue -- CapEx as a percentage of rev. So within that guidance, what we -- if you take it from the midpoint, we were guiding down $500 million in 2019 and a similar amount in 2020.
Scott Group: Thank you.
Scott Childress: Our next online question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. In International Package, can you offer some perspectives on the trend that you're seeing in the services and across the globe?
Jim Barber: Scott, it's Jim. So couple of things that we are talking about. First of all, you've heard from everybody on the call about some of the changing trade dynamics. It certainly effect, if you want to call the premium versus non-premium. We see it all as a premium service offering. And I think from an export perspective and Richard talked about it, you've got a lot of lanes growing across this world. There's a couple of power lanes that are slowing down, and when that happens, we got to adjust. You also heard, we will lean into domestic, where our ground networks have great capabilities and then we backstop that with an operating leverage state of mind, when all three business units in this kind of dynamic are able to create operating leverage. And we do that, and we continue forward and grow the business with some of the factors that we're talking about here. So we are pretty proud of it. It will grow again, and we will continue. If you look at our historic rates over the last 2, 5 and 10 years, we are proud of the premium and it will continue to grow in the future, as trade dynamics allow it. So appreciate the question.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Allison Landry. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry: Good morning. Thanks. So last quarter you talked a little bit about leveraging the U.S. post office. I was wondering if you could provide an update on that, and where you see those trends going? How much capacity you think that could free up in your network? Thank you.
David Abney: Thanks for the question. This is David. And, yes, there's couple of instances that I can talk about. First is from a weekend delivery, we've talked about it, one of our options will be using SurePost and on enhanced Saturday and also on Sunday. So we see good indications there. We also see opportunities, when you talk -- and this combines with another question that we received from the web, is the fact that the UPU and the changes that have been made there and how that of folks the Postal Service now, it affects us. And obviously, we applaud the administration for their efforts to modernize the UPUs terminal dues as a structure. What it does, is it raises the floor and it opens opportunities for American SMBs to grow, and of course that falls right into our worldwide economy expansion in our SMB initiatives. So we do have a unique relationship to Postal Service. We are a supplier. They are a supplier and we are competitors at the same time. We do believe there is ways that we can leverage their network for a lot of small delivery, at the same time, add additional capabilities to our own. Thank you.
Scott Childress: Our next online question is coming from Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Can you provide an update on your hub automation initiatives? Will you reach 80% of eligible volume in 2019?
Juan Perez: Yes. Thanks, Chris, for that question. We definitely continue to work to work very actively on our automation and facility modernization efforts. By the end of 2019, we are definitely on track to be right below 80% of our U.S. ground eligible volume to be processed through automation, and the plans are for 2020 to get to 85%. So we continue to be on track with that. As you heard earlier, we -- this year we have 20 new retrofit automated facilities going online, and above and beyond that by the way, we're also putting on -- we're almost done with all of them now, about seven additional automated small sorts across the facility. Each and every one of those keeps adding overall processing capacity to the network. And it goes back to the question that was asked earlier, all these automation keeps adding network flexibility, to provide all these different types of services and capabilities to our customers. So we are well on track to hit our targets, and we definitely have the commitment of the organization to continue to make the right investments to get there. Thank you.
Operator: We will now take a live question from the line of Mr. Chris Wetherbee as well of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks and good morning. I wanted to ask about some of the comments you've made earlier in the year about double-digit growth and the operating profit of all the segments. Is there still targets -- are those targets still good as we think about sort of last quarter of the year? And if they have changed a little bit, can you talk a little bit about the factors that might have impacted them? Thank you.
Richard Peretz: This is Richard. And I will start the question and then Jim will talk about the businesses. But overall, we expect the total enterprise to have operating profit growth in the double digits. At this point, each of the business units have plans in place that was set at the beginning of the year. And you saw what we've done in the last quarter, in the international and the domestic and we expect the momentum to continue. And in the supply chain, we also, as we called out during my talk, that there were some year-over-year comps that's going to continue to show good improvement in operating profit.
Jim Barber: So it's Jim. I would just -- I say, agree with that. I mean, obviously, you've seen the quarter now. We've got one quarter to go. You've seen what we reaffirmed today, and then ultimately it's a situation -- it is a little bit of a different year than when we started, no question about that. But the double digit is clearly still in sight, and then we move on to 2020. So it's about all the factors. And this operating leverage is real key for us to be able to make it in all three business units, and that's what we plan to produce in peak. So appreciate it.
Scott Childress: We've got another online question here. It's from multiple analysts. Can you give some color around your global procurement that you highlighted? And please discuss if -- how that's filling out into the transformation initiatives that you discussed at the conference?
Brian Newman: So I will take the first part of that and then kick it over to Scott from a transformation perspective. We spend roughly $25 billion a year in global procurement, and we're going through multiple waves of the coverage negotiations. We are seeing benefits, as evidenced in the margin expansion and we are continuing to see big pushes in DSO and DPO. So Scott, do you want to hit the transformation side?
Scott Price: Yes. We launched the procurement capability and grew out, basically category by category. We are now fully implemented and I think you see the result of that not only in terms of the operating expense that is covered and the ability to support the lower reduced cost per piece in the U.S., but also the announcement that -- our ability in CapEx to be able to overall operate more efficiently and continue to do 100% of our transformation programs with less CapEx.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. I guess just to go back to the macro for a moment, just to ask the question directly; but David or Jim, are you seeing anything in your business or leading indicators within your business that make you more or less concerned about the direction of the U.S. or global economy. Just any thoughts there I think would be very helpful, just given your role in the global supply chain. Thanks.
David Abney: Okay. This is David and I will certainly talk about it. The global economy remains in growth mode, it's just at a slower pace. And risks are more acute and global industrial production has lowered and we are watching closely to see these trade developments. At the same time, though, that we see the softness, we continue to gain and execute our opportunities as is evidenced by our international results and our domestic results. It's the flexibility of our strategy in our network. A good example of that is we have one of our new large aircraft, 747-8 that was scheduled to operate from China to the U.S. We looked at changing trade flows. We moved it from China to Europe and those are the kinds of proactive steps that we will take. We also have to realize, there are some rays of sunshine that are coming across the horizon. If you compare what we're seeing about Brexit now to the last quarter, the fact that there has been some negotiations between Ireland and the U.K. in between the U.K. and the E.U., it's still to unfold, but we will see this Phase 1 negotiations between the U.S. and China. There are some rays of sunshine there too that we're looking at much more to be developed. The important thing is, regardless of those macroeconomic conditions, we have the flexibility and the agility of our network to meet our customers' needs and we are confident we will continue to do so. Thank you for the question.
Scott Childress: We are going to take a online question from Tom Wadewitz of UBS. How does your expanded drone delivery capabilities fit into the strategies that you've got for growth?
Jim Barber: As David mentioned in his introduction, we are the first to receive the FAA Part 135. We are the first and still only fully certified drone airline in the United States. We actually begin investing in drones several years ago, since our very first residential trial flight actually in February of 2017. We are moving fast. We are quickly scaling, building on the WakeMed program we have announced yesterday, University of Utah, a similar campus. But we see greater opportunity beyond that. We've announced then three partnerships, CVS, Kaiser Permanente and AmerisourceBergen. In partnership with those companies, we are looking for new services and solutions. We are very excited about the opportunity and we see much more to come in this area as we progress. Thank you.
David Abney: Yes. This Flight Forward and this drone strategy, this is just indicative of our transformation initiatives that we are going to charge forward with new technologies, and we are not taking a backseat to anyone. We've made that clear from the start. But the fact that we've already made 1,500 commercial flights, we're doing it on a day-in, day-out basis and youre going to continue to hear much, much more from us. So really want to commend Scott and his team. But this is UPS embracing the future and we are very excited about it.
Operator: We will take a question from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead. Mr. Atkins, your line is open.
Jack Atkins: I'm sorry, my questions have been asked and answered. Thank you.
Operator: We will move on to the line of Mr. Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good morning and congratulations, Jim, and Richard, and Brian. David or Jim, we've -- it seemingly in for peak season, a condensed calendar, a much shorter period between Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve. Just wondering if you could discuss, how you feel you're prepared to face that challenge heading into this year, and what you've learned from years past and how you are prepared for this condensed calendar? Thanks.
David Abney: Yes, I would like to talk about it. Got a lot of momentum going into peak. It is a shorter peak season, there is no doubt about it. But that didn't just happen over the last few weeks, right? I mean we've known that for years, and so, the capacity that we've added for the past couple of years, we've added 5 million square feet. We've added 400,000 packages an hour capacity over the last two years. And whether it's Jim or Juan, we can talk a little bit more about the peak network in just a second. But the fact that we have buildings in place, we have the plans to hire the people and the fact that we've got momentum, we feel really good about that.
Juan Perez: Yes. And thank you, David. Another couple of points here. We continue to refine our delivery models to improve our overall capacity. This year we will be using an extended -- more impactful personal vehicle driver model across the network, that will add capacity for delivery. In addition to that, the investments we continue to make on technology, like Orion navigation, will make a significant impact in the way that we are going to manage delivery capacity this year because that type of technology just adds additional efficiencies to the way that we complete our deliveries. So to David's point, capacity in our facilities combined with capacity on the delivery side, puts us in a really good position to execute well.
Scott Childress: We are going to take a online question. This question comes from Amit over at Deutsche Bank. He wants to ask about UPS' relationship with Amazon, and the company's ability to lean into Amazon volume?
David Abney: Yes, this is David. I would say that years ago, we made a decision to lean into e-commerce, and there is no doubt about that. And at that time that I think others were considering or had other plans. When we say lean, we are talking about across the e-commerce ecosystem. So it is small and mid-sized businesses, it's other e-tailers and retailers and that includes Amazon. But it is not specific to any one company. When it comes to dealing with large customers that have a lot of volume and that they do some in-sourcing themselves, is really how you negotiate the deal and how you structure the contract, and how you set your pricing that you can help influence the behavior that you want to drive. But the real key to e-commerce, and you can see it in our innovative solutions that we just rolled out, with the Digital Access program and the way we are expanding worldwide economy, is helping small and mid-sized companies worldwide compete with the big retailers and e-tailers. And that is the key to our success. And thus what we are driven to lean into, more than in any other areas. So, e-commerce is here to stay. We've embraced it. We've got a head start and we will continue it. So thank you for the question.
Operator: We will take a question from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Hey, thanks operator. Hi, everybody. I just wanted to understand the year-on-year improvement in domestic margins? Some of that, I would imagine, just reflects the operational penalties you had last year, reflecting the facility build out. So just what domestic margins have expanded, excluding some of those one-time related costs last year, and just given that dynamic, would we expect the pace of -- excuse me, year-on-year expansion to maybe moderate next year because you don't have those tailwinds from the operational penalties?
Richard Peretz: Yes, so this is Richard. And I think the first thing to remind you is, this year and last year we opened up, as David said, 5 million square feet in each year. So the operating penalties for this year in 2019 is about the same as they were in 2018. So the margin improvement was directly related to better efficiency gains in the new buildings as well as opening those buildings earlier, which we called out in the first quarter, that we would have so much of an opening in the second and third quarter, and Jim mentioned, almost two-thirds of it is open as of today. Last year was the end of the year. That's part of it. Part of it is the improvement in the productivity and the operation execution in the U.S. business. And, that's inherent in the numbers. Earlier, someone asked about fourth quarter costs and we said we would continue to see improvement. But you have to remember, the percentage improvement differs by seasonality. It differs by things that are happening inside the business, because we also are seeing a different kind of packages and we're growing more e-commerce and slightly less industrial because of what the macro is doing. But most importantly, it's all fall into the bottom line and we expect that to continue.
Jim Barber: Let me add one thing to it. I think it hasn't come up as much as I think it's important, is that we talked about the structural change in the Air network. David talked about some of the aircraft. Remember, the whole strategy is to bump and roll bigger aircraft back through the network. We've brought big aircraft back to the U.S. to help us handle this. And the real fact is that, this record Air volume we are handling in this integrated network is being put away beautifully, and that's the secret to the margins, is when they run together like they are, and the operators take care of it and Worldport does a great job, the margins come. So that's where we kind of see the whole thing coming together getting ready for peak.
Scott Childress: We are going to take one more online question. This question comes from Ben Hartford of RW Baird. Your SMB products are making progress, but yields continue to move lower. Can you give us some color around the mix in those yield headwinds?
Kate Gutmann: Yes, absolutely This is Kate. Thanks, Ben. I will separate the two a bit. SMB, we are seeing solid momentum you're -- you've heard of the innovative solutions, My Choice for Business, early traction. Every day hundreds of enrollments and just as a point 40% increase month over month, two months in and on track. So our solutions are resonating with SMB. Then separately tied to the yield question, do note that with the structure change that's occurring in the market, we are seeing a lighter weight product, as many SKUs are being added to the shorter zone and also next day type delivery, whether on -- in the air or on the ground. But as I noted before, air growth is occurring broadly and across our small and medium-sized businesses, healthcare, hi-tech and operating leverage is the answer that Jim just noted, that is the score at the end of the game, and that's what we posted.
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross: Yes. Thank you for squeezing me in before Jack Atkins again. Got a question on -- a comment you made that I found interesting that Next Day is becoming the new standard for B2B and B2C. We've heard mostly about the next day growth in the B2C world. How much of that 24% year-over-year growth in the quarter do you think came from B2C versus B2B and any other color on the B2B growth in Next Day?
Kate Gutmann: So thanks so much. This is Kate. I will take the question. I will start first of all, with our B2B growth overall 3.4% and that's despite some of the economic slowdown with industrial production. So we do see solid air growth in hi-tech and healthcare and some of the examples would be distribution to hospitals and in e-commerce. Also there is a returns component that is B2B. The returns don't tend to be in the air, but on the healthcare and hi-tech side, we are seeing B2B growth and our solutions continue to enable our customers to move faster and it's resonating.
David Abney: What gets lost in the mix is many of our large B2C shippers are also B2B shippers, and so that's having a big effect there. But this trend is not just to the end consumer, I mean it is absolutely B2B at the same time. We just probably don't talk about it this much.
Operator: I will now turn our conference back over to Mr. Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress: Thank you very much, Stephen. And David, closing comments?
David Abney: I will. UPS is making significant progress, as you've heard in executing our strategies, especially in the U.S. And would like to call out, George Willis, the President of our U.S. operations, and his team as they have worked with Jim and the rest of the management committee and have really implemented these initiatives that we have asked them to do. These transformation initiatives have turned our results around improving efficiency and they are enabling these new innovative solutions that we've covered the last couple of earnings calls and they are just going to continue to be an important part of the future. We see growth opportunities regardless of the environment around us, in both in the U.S. and internationally. And in summary, we expect another successful peak season for our customers and our shareholders and we will continue to accelerate initiatives to move forward fast and just do it at an ever faster pace, and thank you for joining us today. Appreciate it.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning and welcome to the UPS second quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer; along with Chief Operating Officer, Jim Barber; our Chief Information and Engineering Officer, Juan Perez; and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectations for the future performance or operational results of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2018 Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. During the quarter, UPS recorded a pre-tax charge of $21 million or $0.02 per share on an after-tax basis. The charge is primarily from transformation-related activities with the majority allocated to the U.S Domestic segment. In the prior year period, UPS recorded a pre-tax charge for transformation cost of $263 million or $0.23 per share on an after tax basis. The webcast of todays call, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, are available on UPS Investor Relations website. Unless stated otherwise, financial performance discussed today will refer to adjusted results. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thank you. And Ill turn the call over to David.
David Abney: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. During the quarter, we continued making significant progress executing our strategies. As expected, our transformation initiatives are producing positive operating leverage and improved profit, signifying an important turning point for UPS during 2019. These initiatives combined with the strength of our underlying business and scale of our global network are creating strong results. We generated more than 3% consolidated revenue growth and greater than 6% growth in operating profit. In fact, we grew profit in all three segments and generated the most profitable quarter in the history of our company. Our transformation is also creating greater efficiency and agility and funding reinvestment in new state-of-the-art solutions. This will enable UPS to capture profitable growth opportunities and an even higher level. This morning, I will share a few quarterly highlights. Kate will introduce numerous market-leading solutions, focused on driving higher quality revenue growth and Richard will cover the financial details. Yesterday we announced the latest wave of new services and solutions and there are more coming. These services will provide our customers new levels of speed, visibility, control and market access, especially our SMB e-commerce in healthcare customers. This is an exciting and momentous time at UPS as we leverage the exceptional power of UPS technology and innovation to bring the market new industry first capabilities. On the efficiency front, our transformation initiatives are enabling a faster, more flexible network. In the U.S., we opened three major automated hubs in the quarter, adding more than 2 million square feet of new highly automated sortation. The modern facilities brought on in 2018 and 2019 along with significant changes were making to our network are improving transit times on key lanes for improved local, national and global customer service. We're also adding highly efficient aircraft in the U.S and in other major international trade lines in line with shifting volume levels. Between 2017 and 2022, we will add 44 new aircraft, which creates more than 10 million pounds of additional air capacity in the network, the largest air capacity expansion in the industry in recent history. In fact, this year, we will add the most annual capacity in our multiyear program by deploying a 11 new 747-8 and 767s. And the timing of our actions couldnt better with the largest e-commerce shippers adopting next day and often moving from our competitors 2-day options to our 1-day services. This structural change is creating opportunities for UPS. Our additional air capacity in modern integrated network offer unmatched flexibility and position UPS will to serve changing customer needs. In the quarter, average daily volume for UPS Next Day Air search more than 30%, the strongest growth in more than a decade. Our air market share growth is accelerating and we are strengthening our industry leadership. UPS is in a unique position to enhance financial performance as we create new solutions that enable shippers of all sizes to meet accelerated delivery expectations of their customers. Turning to the trade environment. UPS has long supported free trade making cross-border commerce easier for all businesses. I recently met with top trade officials from the U.S and from China and while I'm encouraged by the commitment of the negotiating teams, we need to see more measurable progress towards a comprehensive agreement. At the moment, the global business community is facing prolonged trade uncertainty in Europe and elsewhere and forecasts are softening. Global industrial production was lowered to about 1.5% for the year. Additionally, world exports are now forecast to grow at a slower pace than global GDP. Nevertheless, UPS is using the flexibility of our network to help our customers optimize their supply chains and take advantage of continued growth opportunities. The U.S economy appears to be in better shape with lower unemployment, healthy consumer demand and forecast for improved U.S GDP. The concern for the U.S is industrial production. The IP outlook for the fourth quarter is forecasted to be slightly negative on a year-over-year basis. Regardless of external conditions, our transformation initiatives are making UPS more competitive and more proficient at helping our customers. The progress in our operations in exciting new solutions we announced yesterday were made possible by three things: our strategies, investments we're making and the execution by our people. I would like to thank our employees worldwide for their tremendous contributions to our success. Momentum is building. We remain confident. Our strategies and initiatives will drive even stronger revenue quality, create further efficiencies and improved company profitability. We will continue to accelerate our initiatives in 2019 and beyond. Now I'll turn it over to Kate to share more detail about our new services and solutions.
Kate Gutmann: Thank you, David and Good morning, everyone. Last September at our transformation conference, we unveiled key initiatives designed to generate growth. We are excited to announce the most expensive roll out of innovative new solutions in recent history. Our customer first strategy targets an optimal customer mix that will yield high quality revenue across all of our strategic growth imperatives. Small and medium-sized businesses, healthcare, international growth markets and B2B and B2C e-commerce. These solutions were created to leverage the expanded automated capacity we have added to our network, which will empower our customers to do more, move faster, and go further. UPS aims to be an indispensible partner for SMBs. To that end, SMBs can now leverage the breadth, speed and information in the UPS network like never before. First, with growing demand for Next Day delivery, UPS is improving time in transit in any key lanes and across all products in our broad U.S portfolio, beginning in the second half of this year. These faster transit times connect the places where more than 80% of the population reside, enabling faster delivery for all shipments. Second, beginning in January, UPS will offer customers pickup and delivery services seven days a week. We are expanding our current Saturday residential and commercial pickup and delivery services and adding new Sunday option. As the only major carrier with Monday through Saturday pickup offerings, this service significantly expands our market coverage on the weekends, providing customers added speed and convenience. We plan to efficiently leverage the combination of the UPS integrated network, Access Point locations and UPS SurePost in collaboration with the USPS to deliver this new capability. Third, we're providing later pickup for Next Day ground delivery, enabling SMB shippers to process more orders in a day, later pickup times are available now to hubs covering 85% of the U.S., solidifying UPS's leading market position in Next Day ground coverage. And additionally, building on the tremendous success of UPS My Choice for Home, we're excited to announce UPS My Choice for Business, available Monday, July 29. Participating companies will join the nearly 60 million consumers worldwide enjoying the benefits of UPS My Choice for Home. Small businesses will now have unprecedented levels of visibility and control over both their inbound and outbound UPS shipments. Advantages that can enable SMBs to provide better customer service and improved planning for staffing and equipment needs. Healthcare has long been a priority for UPS and we continue to develop unique solutions to rapidly scale our recently announced drone operations on the WakeMed campus in Raleigh, North Carolina, we created UPS Flight Forward, a subsidiary formed to operate commercial drone deliveries. This fall we expect to receive Part 135 Certification, the highest level of certification from the FAA, which will enable UPS to complete routine flights beyond line of sight day or night. UPS is leading the industry and intend to stay at the forefront of commercial drone aviation. This certification will pave the way for service expansions to other hospitals and medical campuses in the U.S. Cross-border e-commerce is growing fast and is a significant opportunity for our customers and for UPS. To help our customers tap into this opportunity with an affordable and easy to use international service, we created UPS worldwide economy. This new service has been designed specifically to enable SMBs to send lower value cross-border shipments using an economical differed service to the top e-commerce markets around the world. UPS worldwide economy is now available in Canada, China, Hong Kong, the U.K and the U.S., with more European and Asian markets coming soon. And finally, understanding how busy small businesses and consumers are every day, we are dramatically increasing the number and variety of locations that enable access to UPS services. We're excited to announce Advanced Auto parts, CVS Pharmacy, and Michael's Stores are joining the UPS access point network. Collectively over the coming months, these retailers will add more than 12,000 locations nationwide when fully implemented bringing our U.S total to 21,000 locations where consumers can conveniently pickup or drop-off their UPS packages, including returns close to their homes and offices. We remain the e-commerce shipper of choice, providing unmatched support to meet our customers' needs together with the UPS My Choice for Home app, consumers have broader choice, visibility and control over when and where their UPS deliveries are made. And like with all other access points, UPS attains further geographic reach and greater delivery densities driving increased efficiency. UPS is the global industry leader with more than 78,000 point of contact, including retail locations and drop boxes around the world. Soon more than 90% of U.S consumers will find an access point location within just 5 miles of their home, offering a remarkable new level of convenience. UPS is poised to capture an even greater share of the fast-growing B2C market, by making pickups and drop-offs close by and convenient for virtually all customers. In closing, UPS is actively enhancing the customer value chain from top to bottom by leveraging the power of our integrated network, state-of-the-art technology and expanding access point network. We are helping our customers to be even more successful. This rollout of exciting new services along with innovative platforms, like e-fulfillment and Ware2Go are just the beginning. Many other industry first solutions and partnerships are in development and vision to empower our customers and enhance efficiency in new ways. Theyre being enabled and accelerated by our transformation initiatives and the power of the UPS Smart Global Logistics network. Now I'll turn it over to Richard to move into the financial results and outlook. Richard?
Richard Peretz: Thanks, Kate, and good morning, everyone. We had a good performance in the quarter, driven by our planned multiyear investments, our transformation initiatives and strong execution within a dynamic environment. The enhanced leverage we're building is evident in our performance. All three UPS segments grew profits during the period. Consolidated operating margins were 12%, an expansion of 30 basis points year-over-year. Today, I will cover performance of the segments and provide an update to our forward guidance for 2019. Let's look at the segments. One of the most notable elements for the quarter was the performance we delivered in the U.S. Average daily volume was up more than 7% with strong growth across all products, both in B2B and B2C. Next Day volume jumped more than 30% as we seize the market opportunities with large e-commerce shippers who are early adopters of faster delivery to their customers. Our air [indiscernible] are completely automated, plus with the investments we made in our integrated ground and air network, UPS is well positioned to meet the market shift towards Next Day delivery and grow profits. Reported Next Day yields were lower due to higher growth with large customers and end of day Saver products. The good news is underlying base rates increased 3.4% and air profitability and operating margins improved on a year-over-year basis. Ground volume grew over 4% and revenue increased more than 5%. Base rates for ground also increased almost 2% and although customer and product mix weighed on reported yields, ground showed a solid increase in profitability. In the U.S Domestic business unit, costs were up 0.5% this quarter, the lowest increase in several years contributing to positive operating leverage in the business. The results would have been even stronger without the startup cost of an additional 2 million square feet of new automated sorting capabilities. We're gaining efficiency and becoming more agile, enhancing UPS's ability to scale rapidly and to capture market opportunities and generate higher levels of profit. As a result of our actions, total U.S revenue was up 7.7%, operating profit grew 8% to over $1.2 billion and we produced a margin of 11%. Now let's turn to the international business. In the quarter, we leverage the strength and flexibility of our global network to deliver operating profit growth and margin expansion as the segment adjusted to the challenging trade environment. Revenue quality was driven by disciplined yield management. On a currency neutral basis, revenue per piece for the international domestic increased 5.6% and revenue per piece for the entire segment was up nearly 2%. Although volumes were down slightly, we're seeing growth in a number of trade lanes. Asia exports are growing to virtually all regions of the world, except the U.S. U.K exports and imports continue to be down on a year-over-year basis, driven by the uncertainty around Brexit. However, UPS is growing exports within the European continent. In the segment, we generated $665 million in operating profit, a record for the second quarter and expanded margins by 80 basis points compared to last year. Turning to supply chain and freight. We had another strong profit result. We are up almost a 11% as the segment deliver its best second quarter operating profit in the company's history. Operating margins expanded 90 basis points to 8% in large part due to the effective execution of our strategies. Multiple units within supply chain and freight contributed to strong results by leveraging the flexibility of our asset light business. Looking at the highlights of some of the individual units in supply chain, international air freight achieved robust profit growth on lower tonnage. We generated higher quality revenue, expanded the buy sell spreads and executed prudent cost controls, all of these offsetting the softer demand on the China-U.S lane. Coyote, our truckload brokerage division continues to outpace others in the market. They had another outstanding quarter enabled by productivity gains and optimization actions. Revenue was down driven primarily by the overall market rates, but profit increased significantly and operating margins expanded. Across the three segments, we're pleased with the progress we are making. Each of these businesses is executing well and showing gains in operating profit. Now let's turn to the balance sheet. UPS generated $4.2 billion in cash from operations and about $2.2 billion in adjusted free cash flow and that with capital investments of about $2.9 billion year-to-date. We are well on our way to meeting our free cash flow target with potential for additional upside. As expected, we made an opportunistic contribution of just over $800 million to the pensions, resulting in lower ongoing costs and an increase in our funding status. Our timing was good as long-term interest rates were significantly below the PBGC premiums. So far this year, UPS distributed nearly $1.7 billion in dividends, which represents a 5.5% increase on a per share basis over the same period last year. And we repurchased 4.8 million shares for about $500 million. Moving to tax. As we work through upcoming filings, there's potential for a favorable benefit that could lower our effective tax rate likely in the third quarter. As a result, we expect our full-year tax rate to be between 22% and 24%. Now before we move to guidance, let me take a moment to expand on Kate shared with you: the new solutions, including My Choice for Business, improvements in transit time and the extended hours pickup and others that activate in 2019 all embedded in this year's guidance. As we rollout, our targeted weekend operations to expand Saturday coverage and add Sunday in 2020. We will leverage the combination of our highly efficient network, expanded UPS Access Points and SurePost. This brings together the efficiency of our great partnerships, proven technology and utilizes our new weekend driver category to produce higher levels of asset utilization and enhanced services for our customers across all seven days. The actions announced yesterday are part of our broader transformation and are included in our long-term target. For the remainder of 2019, although external conditions have changed, we are reaffirming our annual guidance. As David mentioned, forecast for world exports and U.S industrial production have been lowered and we remain concerned about the growing headwinds from trade uncertainty. Working on our favor, UPS has a number of company specific tailwinds. First, positive momentum from the capacity and efficiency trade inside a network, especially in the U.S., as well as new product and services we are introducing. Second, profit gains from the structural movement to more Next Day delivery. Third, the benefits from previously discussed items like the completion of our VRP program, wrapping up currency headwinds from last year among others. And as I mentioned earlier in my talk, we will likely see a favorable tax benefit predominately in the third quarter, which will help offset forecasted headwinds. Putting everything together, as momentum builds as expected, the results in the second half of the year will be considerably stronger than the first half. Based on our positive momentum and the current economic outlook, we remain on track to achieve our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $7.45 to $7.75. We're making visible progress on our strategy and remain confident that transformation and our other initiatives will produce gains. And now I'll ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the program over to IRO Scott Childress to start the Q&A segment. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress: Thank you. Let me reiterate what Steven just said. We got a lot of ground to cover today, so callers are asked that submit and ask only one question so that we may get through as many as possible. So our first question comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Please discuss your progress in growing share with the small and medium businesses?
Kate Gutmann: Great. Scott, this is Kate. I will take that one. SMB is the key priority within our strategic growth imperatives and they're going well. We handle more SMB business than anyone and we continue to innovate. And the solutions we actually announced were foreshadowed at our Transformation Conference, so the strategy is unfolding as we speak. Theyre holistic strategy as we aim to win more business Monday through Sunday meeting all of our customers' needs and making it easy for them. Like the market leading My Choice for Business where we provided unprecedented visibility and control for their inbound and outbound shipments and enhancing our network with faster time in transit in meaningful ways hitting lanes that actually will cover 80% of the population and seven day service expanding Saturday and adding Sunday options to win even more SMB from the four-week. Leveraging the combination of UPS integrated network access point locations and SurePost in collaboration with the post office. We also extend -- have our extended hours Next Day ground service, enabling SMBs and large customers to process orders later in the day and reaching more than 85% of the population. We are also proud of the access point expansion and the partnerships with CVS, Michael's and Advanced Auto. That adds more than 12,000 locations nationwide bringing the U.S total to 21,000 and 40,000 globally. Further helping SMB take advantage of the cross-border trade opportunity, weve announced worldwide economy. This is an economical and deferred service designed for their low value cross-border goods and its available in Canada, China, Hong Kong, U.K and U.S with more coming soon. Further with SMBs as well as larger healthcare accounts, we have our drone service staying at the forefront and rapidly scaling our drone operations on the campus of WakeMed and other hospitals to come. So were very excited about our SMB initiative and priorities, the strategy that we laid out for you at the Transformation Conference and being able to bring more on to you with details and we remain committed to the strategic growth imperatives.
David Abney: Just a quick recap. This is David. You have to look at all these announcements that we made not as individual projects, but this is a holistic approach to basically enabling small and midsized customers to swing above their weight. And so the focuses on this group of customers so that they can compete with the larger companies that are out there. And the excitement that weve seen for this is just incredible and we're very confident that we will continue to serve that small and midsize customer in ways that none of our competitors can do. And this small -- this My Choice for Business is just unique in the industry. There's no one that can match that and we expect the same enthusiasm as we had with My Choice for Home, which is 60 million members and we believe we will get the same kind of attraction with My Choice for Business. Thank you for the question. Let's move on.
Scott Childress: Our next question comes from Ben Hartford of R.W. Baird. Based on global trade trends, do you have any clarity on your stated long-term EPS targets of 5% to 10%?
Richard Peretz: Okay. I will start the question and David will comment as well. First to start, our long-term target are built around different economic cycles. When you look at this year, we call for a year of growth progress. We saw in the second quarter results. And in the second half, we look for even stronger performance, it's driven by many of the factors that Kate and David just covered as well as some of the items that I talked about in my prepared remarks. We are really starting to play offense when you think about the network benefits, what cost per piece is doing as well as the capabilities that we are bringing to the market that are adding to the top line. And it's important to remember embedded in our guidance is all of those items that we called out, that we talked about earlier in the year, strategic initiatives that now weve announced. David?
David Abney: Yes, great question, Ben. And I will just say, let's look real quick, obviously there are headwinds and tailwinds, there always are. And -- but when you look just quickly at the second quarter we had our best quarterly performance we've ever had in the history of this company and had positive operating leverage in our U.S business. Our international supply chain and freight businesses had the highest second quarter that they have ever had and this is under dynamic -- under a dynamic trade environment. It is really a turning point in our profitability and we have momentum going into the -- the rest of the year. And when you look our transformation initiatives that we talked about a year-ago are really kicking in and we're getting the efficiencies and the gains. And then you add on top of that these innovative solutions and that will help our customers to deal with all of these changes that we're all seeing and we have a lot of confidence here that in spite of what may or may not happen within trade environment that we can flex our systems, flex our network and that we can continue to take care of the needs of our customers. So we feel confident in the second half of the year and going into next year.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning and congratulations on the strong results. I had to look two, three times when I saw the 30% growth the Next Day. I dont think Ive seen a number like that before. So, strong results. How do you think about the greater growth in e-commerce and in, I presumably in that Next Day category, looking forward or continued growth as you saw in second quarter and how that might affect the margin outlook in domestic package? I know you talked about at the Transformation Meeting that mix was a factor and focus more on B2B. So as you had this really strong e-commerce growth, does that affect how we think about margin improvement in second half and 2020 in domestic package? Thank you.
Kate Gutmann: Tom, this is Kate. Thanks for the question. And we do see the structural change in the market, the 2-day commitment to the shift or 1-day commitment drives the air and ground. As weve just talked about, that extend the Next Day ground coverage that we do and you see the growth that occurred in both. We believe SMBs are going to follow and theyre going to be empowered by some of these solutions. So the growth while at the levels that caught your attention this morning may not be the same in the future. We do believe the structural change continues and it will be strong growth in the future. Richard, you want to answer margins?
Richard Peretz: So when you think about margin, we do and we continue to call for improvement in operating margin for the U.S business. It's driven by the efficiencies across the network both the ground and the air with the new buildings and you saw what cost per piece this quarter and that 0.5% is among the lowest thats been in several years and we expect that to continue. We are calling for low double-digit operating profit growth in all three segments for the entire year. And so when you put it altogether, we expect the second half to be well. We do believe that the Next Day Air will continue to grow, but that growth started really in the first quarter if you look at our growth numbers there. It was a little higher in the second quarter. We don't expected to stay that high through the rest of the year. But we do expect to continue to win share based on the solutions we have in the market and will help margins.
Tom Wadewitz: Thank you.
Operator: David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hi. Good morning, guys. Richard, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about how the investments in service going to seven day speeding up the road network, which I would presume means taking something off the train, putting it onto a truck. How is that going to affect the trajectory of domestic margins in the next year? Is this a case where you guys are taking some of the leverage you would have had in the business and reinvesting it, or should we expect some margin pressure in 2020 against whatever 2019 comes up to be? Im just wondering about that, that pace of investment and where the -- where it's been funded from?
Richard Peretz: Sure. So let's take those in two boxes, I will go very quickly. In 2019, everything that we said we would start earlier in the year, we talked about strategic initiatives we'd announce whats embedded in the guidance. The announcement here is the improvement in time-in-transit that starts now. In terms of 2020, what we have is weve targeted Sunday operations. It's the combination of SurePost. expanded Access Point and the use of the new part-time driver -- Im sorry, the weekend driver category. It's all part of transformation and what we committed to reinvest in this business to make it grow even more. And so as we get to 2020 guidance in a few months, we will come out and explain to you how that all plays out, but it was all part of the plans we initially had.
David Vernon: Okay. So nothing incremental to the cost guide then?
Richard Peretz: Thats right. For 2019, it's all embedded in.
Scott Childress: All right. We are going to take a online question here. This question -- weve got multiple question, Helane Becker of Cowen and Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Can you give us an update on the transformation initiative? And are there benefits beyond the VRP in 2019?
Scott Price: Yes. This is Scott. Thanks for the question. So as you recall last year, we kicked off the transformation program with the voluntary retirement program and procurement. Those are really just two of the early initiatives that are helping us to reduce our cost to fund both growth and innovation. A significant number of additional cost reduction programs are in the pipeline, focused on modernizing our systems and as well helping us to create the fund to invest both in some of the programs that were announced yesterday, that Kate mentioned, that give us a fearless market-leading position in many customer facing areas as well investing in innovation, like our drone announcement which is just one of many that we expect in the future. We continue to invest those savings both in terms of our investments in growth, but also reiterate our commitment to the $1 to a $1.20 of incremental EPS in 2022. Let me just quickly turn this over to Juan to talk a little bit more about the modernization.
Juan Perez: Thank you, Scott. And absolutely all points connected to technology. We are well on our way in executing our digital transformation and our digital strategy in the company. We continue to make investments in four key technology areas: customer technology, as youve heard some of the announcements yesterday and today. Those announcements are supported by technology at UPS. Operational technologies, technology modernization as well as transformation. All of these areas in which we're making technology investment are transformational. And in 2019 we have already gone through multiple back office technology modernization projects. We have made enhancements in our technology to support our four strategic growth imperatives. We will continue to do that. Weve expanded the use of our operations technology best-in-class operations technology thats out there. And of course we continue to make investments in advanced analytics. The last point I will make, Scott, is that weve a great solid history of effective implementation of technology in our company and we intend to continue to do that.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ken Hoexter, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good morning. Great job on the performance, but can you talk a bit about the share gains? Is this a market share shift that you see from whether it's the post office or FedEx leaving Amazon or just looking at the 30% without a degradation in ground. Is that just a share gain from retail? Is this -- maybe you can detail the speed enhancements in terms of changing patterns -- shifting pattern. Thanks.
Kate Gutmann: Absolutely. Thanks, Ken. This is Kate. And so I would say, first of all, what Richard indicated, we've had growing the air growth early first quarter and beyond. And weve it across a broad base of customers and we do expect even more to go. There's a structural change in the market. As I noted, it does drive a 1-day footprint, whether it be air because of inventory placement or ground and you saw that in our 13% ground resi growth. And then the Next day Air, of course, continues to be strong. So we've actually had the wins throughout the last year and we are the air market share leader for the last three years.
Scott Childress: Our next question will come -- it's an online question from Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Do you expect cost per piece to decline outright going forward as efficiency gains continue in your automation investments?
Jim Barber: Hi, Allison, it's Jim. I think, obviously, from a unit cost perspective in Q2, I think the market sees that were at a inflection point. And it really did drive operating leverage in the U.S., which has been about four years since the last time we did it in this kind of capacity. Rich talked about the future. We see it going forward, we see the momentum as well. David in his talk, that we continue it forward. There are going to be quarters where we absolutely will drop the unit cost going forward. There might be other ones who would choose to invest some of the transformation dollars and go back and grow the business differently. In the end, it's a combination of revenue per piece and cost per piece that drives operating leverage and we will manage it too going forward and talk about the margins as Rich insinuated in his guidance. So appreciate the question.
David Abney: Yes, as Jim mentioned and do want to recognize the domestic U.S team just did an excellent job the second quarter, bending that cost curve. And as a credit to their execution, to their efforts, it also is reflected by all these investments we've been making in these automated builds and in our strategic imperatives. So a good job there and we expect momentum will continue.
Operator: Scott Group, Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Salmon: Hey, good morning, guys. It's Rob Salmon on for Scott. A quick clarification question regarding the announcements yesterday. You were very clear, we wouldn't see any additional cost show up in '19. Should we also be assuming that the costs in '20 were part of the original plan?. And then from a longer-term perspective, given the changes that we are seeing in the small package market, how should we think about incremental margins in Next Day deferred in ground as we look forward?
Richard Peretz: Yes. So Rob, this is Richard. And first, we haven't actually given any guidance for '20, but what I did say was that when you think about what we are investing in for '20 and beyond, we talk about transformation savings both being saving and accretive to EPS the $1 to $1.20 and part of it for reinvestment. And so when we come to guiding, we will go through that. I think it's really important to think about the second quarter. When you look at the U.S profit growth of 8%, it was almost evenly divided between ground and air, which means that the incremental cost per piece that is coming in is coming in at much lower because of technology, because of structural change in distance and ways and zones. And so we do see incremental profit improving. We also see cost per piece coming down and all that comes together in what we guided for '19 and when we get to '20.
Scott Childress: Our next question is coming from Jairam Nathan of Daiwa. We are seeing new competitors come into the freight brokerage unit. Can you discuss what UPS Coyote is doing in the market?
Jim Barber: Hi, Jairam. It's Jim. I will take that one up. So a couple of things harking back to the acquisition. First, we bought Coyote. First thing out of the gate we saw when we acquired was their service level and that hasn't changed and we believe we've got the best service in the industry and that's just flat competition capability. Secondly, were in the protection mode in Coyote. We've doubled the business already. We're headed to tripling the business and competition will continue to force us to invest in new technology, which the team is doing. Weve already geographically expanded in the Europe. We will keep doing that to grow the business and probably the one I think you should think about the most is that Coyote is the only one in the UPS family. And the synergies that affords us at peak season and then the rest of the year through the cross selling of the portfolio, I don't think the new competitors kind of have that leg up. So we are pretty proud of the acquisition. Thanks.
Operator: Allison Landry, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Ms. Landry, your line is open.
Scott Childress: All right. Well, we will go through an online question. The online question comes from Brian Ossenbeck. Will the new UPS My Choice for Business have a premium subscription service level similar to the home product?
Kate Gutmann: Great. And Brian, this is Kate. So the My Choice for Business goes on the heels of My Choice for Home of course with 60 million strong and customers with higher customer satisfaction than any other part of the business. And so we see that same tie with My Choice for Business. And we will deliver new solutions through that mechanism. We will be focused on the general subscribers as well as the premium. And just as we are doing in the release, you can see unprecedented visibility and control so that customized experience with UPS for these SMB customers really helps to give a deeper connection and we will continue to go further with it and again deliver new solutions through that mechanism.
Operator: Next question will come from Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. James on for Chris. Just wanted to ask about the international outlook and given the macro, should we be thinking about volumes being down across the rest of the year?
Scott Childress: So the international business and the impact on the macro was your question?
Jim Barber: I will pick it up. Look in David's opening comments he talked about the trade picture. It's kind of different coming into this year than we saw it. But remember a couple of things about the international business, as it moves through the globe is that it is both a growth and diversification engine for us. And when you talk about that, youve to have the ability to move it as trade move. What you've seen in this really challenging trade environment is that they just recorded record profits again. And so at the very end of the day, yes, there are trade wins, but there's also tailwinds in this world, and when we find those, we try and lean into, we get the network right. We've talked about that second half is going to speed up, that's going to include international. And really at the end and when you say you're going to run this globe's largest logistics network, no matter what happens to the macro, things are going to come and go over time and our job is to move this network to where the customer see opportunity and we believe we can provide it to them. So international continues for a long time in the future for us at UPS.
Scott Childress: Our next question is coming from multiple analysts and the question is, is UPS adding air capacity and are there contingency plans related to a hard Brexit that we've set up?
Jim Barber: So David mentioned in his opening comments our air capacity. We started in the -- back in '17 when we went out and made our statements with the 747-8. Remember though from that position, we talked about a bump in role in the network and moving assets through the globe and where the opportunities existed. So, yes, we're going to move capacity toward it. And remember the flexibility in the way we do it and that comes from a labor contract, that comes from business units, it comes from different products and suites that we offer. We've got a lot of levers to pull and when you can see the Next Day grew like it did in the quarter we just ended, that meant we had to move capacity to it to do it and so we're moving it and we will continue to move it as the opportunities to grow present them self for us.
Operator: Jack Atkins with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Hey guys, good morning and congratulations on a great quarter. Jim, a question for you about peak season planning. I guess looking at the calendar, I believe there are six fewer days between Thanksgiving and Christmas this year. Could you talk about what you're doing to prepare the network for that? And does that more compress calendar, increase the execution risk as you guys think about the holiday season?
Jim Barber: Look, I think you've got it right on the calendar. Last time we saw a calendar like this was about 5 years ago. And so quite frankly we've been in preparation for this for some time. One of the points most people don't really get right now is with the air growth we've seen right now. We are in peak season air growth numbers right now from last peak and we feel like last peak we prove to the market we could take a step forward and we plan to do it again this peak season. Yes, it's more challenging, but we are stronger and better and our airlines more fit for duty and so are the people that run inside of it. So our ability to do what we're doing right now gives us really strong confidence. The other thing that most people can't see from the outside is when we put our buildings up in '18 to get ready for peak of '18, the majority of those buildings, 80% came online in the fourth quarter. '19, 80% come on in the first three quarters. So we've flipped the model around that we are really going to be fit for duty we feel like for our customers going into '19 peak regardless of really the days that they're presented on the calendar and we will get through it, which is nice.
Scott Childress: We are going to take an online question from multiple analysts. This question comes with the color of our freight forwarding business and the ability towards healthcare in that industry and our healthcare strategies moving forward?
Scott Price: Yes, thanks for the question and very much related to the healthcare initiative, one of our four strategic initiatives in yesterday's announcement on the UPS Flight Forward. As you recall, weve an preliminary approval and we've leveraged that at Wake Forest in their Medical Center. That is a single operator who moves goods from one part of the campus to another. Our FAA 135 filing that weve made is a very exciting development that with approval from the FAA. And we believe we could be one of the first if not the first fully licensed airlines with the certificate that will allow a single operator to not only do beyond visual line of sight, but also night flight. So we see it as a major opportunity for us to continue to grow share in the healthcare vertical.
Operator: Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer Funds. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good morning. One of the -- the pursuing international high growth markets was one of the strategic imperatives highlighted at Transformation Conference last year. Could you please discuss the progress there and tie in this the new worldwide economy product that you just announced?. Thanks.
Jim Barber: Sure. I think and right now we've kind of come forward since the Transformation Conference to focus on ten markets. I think given the structure of the call, I won't take you through all of them. Certainly by the way, China will be one of those. We know that that trade lane to the U.S is a bit challenged, but remember it grows in other ways. And so that's what the global network does. So going forward, the year-over-year export also had some issues in it related to cyber last year and the second half will pick back up as we talked about. So look, we're going to continue to move forward in the worldwide economy product. What it really does, it allows us to enter this really fast growing market that we know has been growing six to eight times as fast as anything else over the years and enter a different price point with product set that we haven't really put in our network before. So it is a very big move for us and youve seen the way we are going to bring it to market is very low cost way with Incoterms that allow customers to choose. So we are -- we believe that will definitely add fuel into the growth markets as we go forward.
David Abney: Yes, so you should think of this as a complementary service. It's not really something thats going to take away from our existing express, but it does open up to these marketplaces these small businesses an opportunity for deferred shipping option at much lower cost, which means we are going to see a lot of traction. So we believe this is a very important part of our international portfolio.
Scott Childress: We are going to take an online question. This question comes from Fadi Chamoun of BMO. Can you help us understand more on the U.S Domestic mix both the B2B and the B2C growth?
Kate Gutmann: Yes, good morning, Fadi. This is Kate. So our B2B grew 2.5% and continues the growth sequencing that we've had for the last three quarters. And these solutions actually that we've announced are both for B2C and B2B. I will highlight UPS My Choice for Business. Sometimes folks will think that that is primarily only for the business to the consumer, but in truth, a lot of SMBs are empowered now through unprecedented visibility and control to better address their business customers as well. And, of course, the seven day, we've got the Saturday commercial. And then access points also micro small businesses are one of the largest shippers out of our Access Point locations. UPS Store, of course, having -- they are being located right in their communities and driving a lot of that B2B volume. And then of course our returns portfolio is what I would also emphasize that comes -- returns come with B2C growth and weve seen the benefit of that as well. So we are continuing to focus on growth across our products as you saw in this quarter.
Operator: David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross: Yes, good morning. Just wanted to focus back in on the expansion of the air network in the fleet, adding 44 new planes and 11 this year, really to see how the supply curve matches up with the demand curve. So if you could talk about, I guess, any network changes that are going on as you add the new planes. Are they catching up with existing demand or is it going to kind of is the capacity going to lead and the demand is going to follow at some point?
David Abney: Okay. I will start. This is David answer the question and give it over to Jim. I can tell you that, that our timing could not be any better with the addition of these aircraft. And the flexibility that weve whether we want to inform that these aircraft internationally or if we want to bring them to the U.S. So weve the capacity. At the same time, this is a very real structural change occurring. And so you just couldn't have that line up any better than it has and now we're taking advantage of that. And Jim, you want to talk a little bit more about the capacity?
Jim Barber: Well, I do think you said it very well, David. In that the 11 that we're bringing on this year, the 11 that we're going to bring on next year of seven fours and seven sixes, it's time for everything. I mean, we spent a lot of time talking about a couple of trade lanes in the world, but we should also focus on what this world is doing crossing borders and growing and our participation in this global network. Remember, everything that we are flying around this world doesnt end up in the United States of America. There's a lot of South -- South trade that goes involved in this and we can move the assets there. We have the flexibility as we talked about. And when it moves in this case, potentially the structural changes in the U.S., you can move the assets. And of course, it's not all physical, it's also block hours. I would also say that if you look at this year back to the efficiency metric, it's not just about buying more of them. Our block hours were up about 50% as high as our volume in the U.S this year, so that's another efficiency metric. And if you look at our utilization rates, they're higher this year than last year. So we think the timing as David said is really spot on for.
Scott Childress: We are going to take another online question. This is from multiple users. Is the USPS able to handle the additional delivery that with the expanding U.S services?
David Abney: Right. This is David. And I'm assuming just talking about Sunday delivery where we are utilizing our own network, we are utilizing access points and we are utilizing USPS to from a SurePost expansion. And I can tell you that that I personally got -- gotten a commitment from the top USPS that they understand our requirements and the needs of our customers and their outflows are committed to work with us to make sure that this is going to be a very successful offering. So I couldn't be any more confident in our Sunday delivery capabilities, all three parts of the strategy, including the commitment from USPS to perform at the levels we need. Thank you.
Operator: Helane Becker, Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Thanks for the time you guys. I just have a question about your carbon footprint because you guys are kind of leading edge and sustainability and things like that. And you went with four engine seven fours versus two engine triple sevens. And I'm kind of wondering if you can just discuss the difference between the two. Why the seven fours make more sense for your network than a two engine aircraft would have in the context of keeping your carbon footprint low?
Juan Perez: So a few points on that one. First of all, of course we bought those aircraft based on the efficiency that those particular aircraft bring to the overall network. We believe that they are extremely efficient and that they will continue to help us provide the necessary value to the organization. Now when we look at sustainability it's more than just the aircraft. Sustainability is important to us, we design our buildings, we design our vehicles. We select our aircraft with sustainability mind and especially as we continue to build our smart logistics network, making sure that we do it in a sustainable way is extremely important to us. And we published the objectives for sustainability, theyre widely documented, you can see them. One that I want to highlight is that weve said before that by 2020, 25% of our total vehicles purchased annually will be of alternative fuel. We are actually on path to make that objective is the first one that we have in 2020. There are more coming on in 2025, we expect to meet our targets.
David Abney: Yes, just focus a little more on the aircraft size. I want to tell you when we made the decision for 747-8, that was certainly one of the perspectives we looked at and this is very modern aircraft, it has -- it's very efficient. And the big thing youve to keep in mind though is the size of this aircraft. And when you put fly one plane versus two, you are going to gain from sustainability all day long. And so the key is to have it utilize to where you are able to do that, eliminate aircraft because youve larger aircraft. And excellent question and it was certainly high on our priority list when we made the decision. And weve been very pleased with how that has worked out for us. So thank you for the question.
Helane Becker: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A today. Now I will turn the program back over to Mr. Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress: Thank you very much, Steven. David, closing comments?
David Abney: Yes, Scott. We are making significant progress in executing our strategies. And from the questions today, I can tell that there's a lot of people on this call that agree with that. Our Transformation initiatives are improving efficiency and theyre enabling newer, innovative solutions like the ones we covered yesterday and there are more to come. So I don't want anyone to think that this is what weve for this year and for next year. Weve a lot of smart people that are having good conversations for our customers and we are going to continue to enhance our service and we are all excited about it. We are becoming as a company more agile and the timing of our investments could not have been any better. The structural change in the market for Next Day delivery is favorable for UPS. It's favorable for our customers and for the consumer, but it is certainly favorable for us. The U.S Domestic segment has good momentum and we are going to continue that momentum. We continue to see growth opportunities in the U.S and also internationally and in our supply chain business. So in summary, we expect strong profit growth ahead and we will continue to accelerate our initiatives and move at a faster pace. So thank you very much for joining us today and appreciate the time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We would like to thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning and welcome to the UPS first quarter 2019 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with Chief Operating Officer, Jim Barber; Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer; our Chief Information and Engineering Officer, Juan Perez; and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2018 Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations Web site and from the SEC. During the quarter, UPS recorded a pre-tax charge of $123 million or $0.11 per share on an after-tax basis. The charges resulted primarily from transformation-related activities. The webcast of todays call, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, are available on UPS Investor Relations Web site. Unless stated otherwise, financial performance discussed today will refer to adjusted results. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thank you. And now Ill turn the call over to David.
David Abney: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will share results from the first quarter and update you on our transformation progress. Ill also discuss the strength thats building in our strategic growth imperatives and share our views on the external business environment. During the first quarter, we executed well on our strategies and are bending the cost curve, creating momentum for future quarters. All business units generated improved revenue quality and successfully executed cost management strategies while building on high levels of service. As our smart global logistics network becomes even more flexible, Im pleased to say that we are achieving the efficiency goals we expected by automating more of our network. As we open new highly automated facilities we remain confident that we will achieve our goal of 30% to 35% efficiency improvement when compared to more traditional buildings. With the progress we have made we are reaffirming adjusted diluted EPS guidance in the range of $7.45 to $7.75 for 2019. Turning back to our results, we achieved another quarter of consolidated volume growth, generated high quality revenue and expanded network efficiencies for improved financial performance. Supply chain and freight delivered outstanding operating profit highlighting the agility and power of our asset-light business models. International achieved record first quarter profit and increased volume, currency neutral revenue per piece and operating margins and the U.S. domestic segment generated improved revenue quality and grew average daily volume across all products, led by our air services. More customers in retail and manufacturing are demanding faster delivery times. Building quality growth from SMB customers is one of our strategic growth imperatives. We continue to see solid yields, led by customers in healthcare and those engaged through our digital marketing programs. In addition, returns with SMB grew by double digits driven by strong holiday e-commerce returns that lasted into February and March. UPS is the industry leader with innovative return solutions that enable our customers to reduce complexity and deliver a positive customer experience. Looking forward, our aim with SMB is to anticipate and quickly respond to the changing needs of our customers. Creating solutions that are easier to use, easier to understand and quicker to implement will increase our share of high-quality volume and revenue from this key market. To that end, we recently introduced UPS e-fulfillment, our new platform that gives more insight and control to SMB shippers selling across multiple marketplaces and Web stores. Our solution allows them to streamline order fulfillment, inventory management and UPS shipping. In the coming months, we plan to launch other new platforms and innovative solutions along the value chain to further grow SMB revenue. We continue to recalibrate our network to strengthen our market position in the fastest growing economies around the world, which is another of our strategic growth imperatives. We see ongoing growth potential internationally with the middle market outpacing the enterprise segment, especially in B2B. As the trade environment changes, we regularly identify opportunities to adjust our network for increased efficiency and flexibility. For example, weve recently announced the deployment of new aircraft to service major trade routes between Hong Kong and Europe. These larger aircraft enable growth on this important trade lane and unlock greater efficiencies and capacity within our global network. Serving the needs of the healthcare industry is another important growth strategy for UPS. We are accelerating the launch of the innovative solutions for the most complex and most urgent healthcare needs. Were particularly excited about our latest announcement. A few weeks ago, we made history with the first FAA sanctioned use of a drone for revenue flights when UPS and our partner Matternet successfully delivered medical samples across the WakeMed hospital campus in Raleigh, North Carolina. UPS continues to operate multiple daily drone deliveries at WakeMed eliminating transit delays for time-sensitive medical samples. This solution opens the door for how drones can be used to improve transport services in hospitals and other large campuses around the world. Turning to the external business environment. Forecast for global growth are not expected to be as strong as 2018. However, the economy is still growing and creating opportunities. Were seeing continued growth in areas of the world less affected by the trade relationship between the U.S. and China or by the uncertainty surrounding Brexit. The flexibility of our smart global logistics network is uniquely tailored to help customers adapt to changing trade dynamics, minimize supply chain disruptions and deliver high quality growth for UPS. Forecast for the U.S. economy in 2019 remain in a growth mode but at a slower pace. Importantly, consumer confidence continues to be strong bolstered by a healthy job market and low inflation. But signs are mixed with industrial production forecast to soften in the back half of the year. UPS is well positioned to benefit from consumer and macroeconomic trends as we are focused on attracting higher quality revenue and share growth. Our unmatched and diverse portfolio of services and increasingly agile network help our customers counterbalance the effects of macro trends. Before I close, I want to congratulate the 1,436 UPS drivers recently inducted into the UPS Circle of Honor. We now have more than 10,000 drivers that are accident-free for 25 years or more. Congratulations to each of you for your achievement and thank you for your commitment to safe driving. UPS is on a structured path to enhance performance, create the future of the company and take advantage of growth opportunities. We remain steadfast in successfully executing our transformation initiatives. We made great progress in 2018. 2019 is a year of continued transformative investment in facilities and technology in our smart global logistics network which enable even greater efficiency. 2019 will also be a year of high-quality revenue growth as our transformation efforts will free up resources to gain share in the most attractive markets. Now Richard will take you through our financial performance for the quarter. Richard?
Richard Peretz: Thanks, David, and good morning. Lets begin the first quarter call by talking about our strategies initiatives that are driving additional network efficiency and flexibility and are having a positive impact on our revenue quality. We see additional opportunities for growth across the segments in all of our businesses combining our expanded portfolio of services and flexible integrated network to continue to deliver unmatched value to our customers. Ill begin with a summary of our consolidated performance and highlights from each of the segments. In the first quarter, our earnings per share was $1.39. This includes $0.23 of expected year-over-year headwinds we had previously guided. Additionally, we experienced some unexpected impact from severe weather of about $0.07 earnings per share. Considering this, performance of the U.S. domestic segment was just above our plans. We had good cost control in the quarter and limited the increase in cost per piece growth to about 2.7%, including an impact of fuel of about 30 basis points. In addition, we made positive gains in revenue quality. International performance in this dynamic environment was strong. In fact, we expanded operating margins by improving currency neutral revenue yield and leveraging the flexibility of the network. Supply chain and freight outperformed our expectations with great execution to generate outstanding gains in operating profit. We achieved the highest first quarter profit in this segments history. Now Ill turn to the segments and give you greater detail. In the U.S., weather impacted all three months of the quarter and was a drag on both the top line and the bottom line results. Nonetheless, volume and revenue for all products grew in the quarter. Average daily volume growth was led by the air services at nearly 8%. Total revenue quality improved on a year-over-year basis driven by continued growth in B2B volume and gains from smaller customers that we targeted with digital engagement strategies. UPS ground revenue per piece increased almost 3% driven by the balance in growth in B2B and B2C deliveries that we saw this quarter. While air volume was up, package characteristic, customer mix and weather lowered revenue per piece yields. Overall, we continue to make progress in transitioning to a higher quality revenue mix from targeted growth industries like healthcare, manufacturing and e-commerce. On the expense side, investments in our network are starting to payoff, reducing growth in expense compared to recent periods. As a result, the U.S. domestic segment achieved its lowest unit cost growth in many quarters. U.S. domestic operating profit was $694 million. We estimate that weather diminished this quarters operating profit by about $80 million impacting operating margin by about 70 basis points. We are making progress with our investments in the U.S. as the new automated facilities brought on line in late 2018 delivered increased efficiency to the network. Now lets take a look at the international segment. We delivered strong profit results by facing headwinds from the changes in global trade and significant prior year growth. International delivered its best first quarter operating profit of $612 million in part due to the efforts of managing cost tightly. High growth in export daily volume in the first quarter of last year created tough comparisons. On a two-year stack basis, international exports achieved volume growth of nearly 12% led by Europe and the Americas. Europes growth was primarily driven by interregional volume while the results were impacted by the uncertainties around Brexit as well as revenue management initiatives we implemented on low yielding volume. Asia also delivered positive volume growth driven by gains on virtually all lanes except the Asia to U.S. trade lane. On a currency neutral basis, revenue per piece improved by 2.2% for export packages and 3.9% for international domestic. These improvements were driven by Asia and the Americas through disciplined yield management and specific actions we took to ship customer mix. Most importantly, operating margins expanded to 17.7% when compared to last year and on a currency neutral basis margins expanded to 17%. Our results were a great balance of three things. First, our ability to help customers adapt to the changing conditions. Second, our efforts at flexing our global network. And finally, our success in controlling costs; together enabling great improvements in our bottom line results. Now lets look at the supply chain and freight segment. The strong execution of our strategy which includes many asset-light services enabled supply chain and freight to expand its margin by 150 basis points on lower year-over-year revenue. The segment delivered excellent financial performance. Operating profit jumped more than 24% to $211 million. Profit contributions were broad among the units with particular good results from forwarding. Looking at the individual business units, the forwarding unit as a whole contributed terrific execution of cost management strategies. International air freight revenue was down in the quarter primarily on outbound lanes from Asia due to the slow recovery of the Lunar New Year. However, the teams successfully expanded the buy-sell spread both sequentially and year-over-year resulting in stronger profits. Additionally, Coyote truckload brokerage proactively adjusted their strategy due to the current capacity in the market. By continuing to deliver high-quality service to our customers, market rates on purchased transportation expense were down for the quarter. In response to the changes in the market condition, Coyote implemented a disciplined approach to cost management, leverage the use of technology and continue to focus on high quality loads to produce outstanding profit growth. For UPS freight, improved revenue quality and growth in middle market segments drove unit increase in revenue per hundredweight up by 5.4%. Overall, the supply chain and freight team delivered robust profit to the company by leaning in on our asset-light model to tightly control cost which helped offset volume and revenue softness. Now lets turn to the balance sheet. UPS generated $2.3 billion in cash from operations and about $760 million in free cash flow during the quarter and that is with capital investments of about $1.5 billion which mainly support network enhancements. We are on track to meet our free cash flow target of $3.5 billion to $4 billion in 2019 with potential for additional upside produced from our working capital initiatives. It should be noted as part of transformation we have adjusted the seasonality of free cash flow based on our working capital initiatives that we implemented throughout the last year. In fact, payments from the fourth quarter of 2018 have shifted somewhat into the first quarter of 2019. We saw the benefits in the fourth quarter of 2018 and we expect this pattern to continue moving forward. UPS distributed $867 million in dividends which represent about 5.5% increase on a per share basis. Over the same period last year, however, we purchased 2.4 million shares or about $250 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter came in at 23%. We expect our tax rate will be between 23% and 24% for the rest of 2019. Now moving on to guidance. As a reminder, our transformation charges are not included in guidance. 2019 is a year of investments in our network and executing our strategies to improve operating costs and deliver higher quality revenue growth despite uncertain conditions. Full year EPS is expected to be in the range of $7.45 to $7.75 as we had previously announced. We view 2019 as a year of real progress with operating profit growth in all three segments up by low double digits. Turning to quarterly guidance. We want to help you better understand our plans and how they unfold across the year. For example, last year we brought over 90% of our new U.S. capacity online during the fourth quarter, but this year we expect to bring nearly half of our new sort capacity online by the end of the third quarter given us the ability to deliver more benefits in the second half of the year. We optimized our plans to enable us to open about 30% of our new capacity for 2019 within the second quarter. In comparison during the same period last year, no new facilities were opened. The year-over-year expense related to the opening of these new facilities will affect second quarter results and will provide benefits throughout the remainder of the year. Total operating profit should grow in the mid-single digits and adjusted EPS is expected to be relatively flat to last year, largely due to the planned pension financing costs which sit below the line. Third quarter EPS is expected to be elevated due to a variety of material tailwinds including one additional operating day worth approximately $60 million to $70 million of profit. Additionally, we expect benefits from first, the automated facilities that come online this year along with the escalating efficiencies from the 2018 investments in facilities. Second, the year-over-year international benefits from 2018 commodity headwinds that should not repeat. And finally transformation gains from programs like the voluntary retirement plan that hits its full run rate in July. The combination of these positive items will lift EPS to around 28% of the full year guidance midpoint. In summary, during the first quarter we made progress in our plans and each business unit demonstrated gain in our strategies which improved efficiency and revenue quality. And our investments in our smart global logistics network are starting to pay off providing enhanced productivity and more real-time flexibility. As the year unfolds, we expect to expand margins and improve profits as we build on our momentum. Thank you. And now Ill ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: As a reminder, please ask only one question so that we may accommodate more callers. Feel free to get back in the queue and we will take a second question if time permits. I will now turn the program over to our IRO, Mr. Childress. Please begin.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question starting off here. This question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please share your view of the U.S.-China trade dynamic and its influence on global trade in your business?
David Abney: All right. Thanks, Scott. This is David and then Im going to hand it over to Jim to talk about some specifics. UPS, like most other U.S. multinationals, we certainly advocate for fair and balanced trade. And the China-U.S. trade uncertainty is prompting softer industry forecast in the region. We certainly encourage leaders of the two countries to find solutions that support increased two-way trade but also by ensuring many U.S. companies have access to export to China. Our customers have  some of our customers have adjusted their supply chains using the flexibility of the UPS global network to adapt to changing trade dynamics. And Jim, Im going to ask you to talk about a couple of specific instances.
Jim Barber: Okay, David. Thanks. So I think David hit on it a couple of times on this uncertainty word and I think thats an issue when you run a global network that you got to balance and deal with. With regard to China specifically, David also talked about in his opening remarks our addition of one of the 747-8s from Hong Kong into Europe. We still believe in China. Were going to trade in and around China and how China evolves in the world well move our network to support it. Keep in mind were still bringing the 747-8s and very specifically as well Id like to add that the position of our South China hub in the Guangdong province connecting to Hong Kong, connecting to the other growth markets really continued to power our APAC network across the globe. In fact this quarter that we just finished, we actually had 3% more express on our airplanes out of APAC than we did last year in the same quarter for the U.S. and 2% more to Europe. So we adjust the network, we get the utilization rates right and were putting the right volume in the right network and well continue to adjust as trade develops in the world in front of us. So I appreciate the question.
Scott Childress: Were going to take another online question. This question comes from multiple people including Ben Hartford at RW Baird. Given UPS recent introduction of marketplace shipping systems, can you give us an update on where to go and the other initiatives?
Scott Price: Thanks for the question. Scott here. So as we announced last year, e-commerce is one of our four strategic imperatives for growth. Its focused upon supporting B2B growth as well improving our profitability of B2C e-commerce focused on the SMB segment and supporting marketplace growth. Weve announced a number of important initiatives. Ill quickly cover two in the B2B and then pass it to Kate for one recent announcement on B2C. So Shopify and Ware2Go are both in early stages of their rollouts but progressing well, in line with our expectations. They both provide unmatched experience for our customers in the B2B and the segment SMB. Shopify is one of the new shipping integration solutions. It covers 1 million SMB companies with its webshop tech solution serving mainly B2B and B2C type merchants. And overall we have added over 100,000 new customers to UPS with this tool. Ware2Go which we announced just last year is progressing very well. We call it the Airbnb of warehouse and fulfillment. So its progressed now. The platform allows online technology that matches excess capacity of warehouse to merchants who are looking for transparent inventory and fulfillment and final mile through UPS. Initially this is focused on serving B2B customers. We have a lot of interest from warehouses around the United States and are quickly building a national two-day fulfillment network. Ill now pass it to Kate to talk about a B2C initiative.
Kate Gutmann: Thanks. Ill start with the customer. Small medium-sized customers really needed help with managing the complexities of bringing their product to market as they brought it through different channels and marketplaces. So UPS e-fulfillment which we announced recently actually connects them to 21 marketplaces through just one easy UPS login. We bundle the fulfillment and transportation services and give them two-day time in transit which helps them better compete in the market. It also opens up opportunities for us as a company in different revenue streams. So this along with what Scott covered has given us a wide array of offerings for the customers and we have additional exciting new products coming soon.
David Abney: Yes. So all of these products that Scott and Kate talked about and then the ones in the future that Kate kind of inferred, all of these are about giving our small and mid-sized customers a platform to really punch above their weight. So it allows these smaller businesses to actually compete with larger e-tailers but without having all the infrastructure and the costs that would burden them. So this is really where we can give them an alternative solution. It is a big focus of our SMB imperative and were really excited about it and have gotten excellent participation and feedbacks so far. So thank you for the question.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Tom Wadewitz. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good morning. I wanted to ask you about your view on domestic package and kind of how you think things will play out this year? Your second quarter guidance is  flat earnings is different from what the Street has been looking for, but I dont know if that reflects any change in your view of how domestic package is going to perform during the year or if thats just kind of a timing difference the Street didnt recognize? So just wondered if you could talk about that and also about visibility to improvement in domestic package margin if you look at the second half? Thank you.
Richard Peretz: Sure, Tom. This is Richard. Ill start the question and then Jim will talk a little bit about it. If you look at the actual guidance we do see 2019 as a year of real progress. The quarters are changing a little bit, but they were in our plans that way. We wanted to make sure that you had the right visibility and understanding with transformation. The quarters changed because were opening new buildings in the second quarter that drive benefits in the second half of the year. In the third quarter, weve got those new buildings. We see escalating efficiency in the buildings we opened in late 2018. We have the extra work day. We have the commodity tailwind versus last year and we have the DRP, a full run rate in the third quarter. Those are all good proof points of why the year sets up well and the second half operating profit growth will lead to the double digit operating growth that we expect for 2019 in U.S.
Jim Barber: Tom, its Jim. Let me add something to what Richard opened with and just to remind you that this year  when we came out of the gate, we said 2019 in the U.S. is about creating operating leverage. And you can start to see that in the first quarter if you look at the cost structure. To remind you of a couple other points that are beneath that and we think are important. First of all, hand-in-hand with that comes our service. Our service is at very high levels relative to the competition and even for ourselves over the last couple of years. Were pretty proud of the service and by the way that leans into cost as well, because if you do things right the first time its actually cheaper and we provide the customers the great service. Well keep on the revenue quality. Kate and others will talk about that as we go forward. The transformation [non-ops] [ph] is coming through. The efficiencies are coming through. Were focused on almost 80% of our network touching automation by the end of this year which is very good going forward. Remember, we got 323 ground Saturday operations running in full flight this year and you just keep going and then youll hear more in the future about peak season. So for us as we move forward and to the margins Rich talked about, you should start to see us perform better and better and better on operating leverage in the U.S. and thats our commitment to our shareholders this year.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hi. Good morning. If I could just follow up I guess digging into that a little bit further. Can you talk about the cost of those new centers, maybe the magnitude? And I guess in that vein, I just want to understand. I know Amazons always a topic of discussion but theyve been getting bigger and bigger in sourcing and weve heard from whether New England Motor Freight or XPO that they brought business in. Is that any part of pulling volumes in as to why ground was up less than call it GDP levels in the quarter? Is any of that starting to have an impact or is that related to other items?
Richard Peretz: So Ill first talk a little bit about the unpacking of the guidance and the revenue and lets actually start with the revenue and then Davids going to talk a little bit on the second part of your question. When you look at the revenue especially in the U.S., what we see is underlying growth about 4.5% but we recognize we had weather and operating day change as well as the movement of Easter. So the organic growth was strong. When you look at what were doing in opening new buildings weve called out in the past as we open buildings, we do have certain startup costs that go into those buildings. By opening that 30% in the second quarter to total 50 by end of the third quarter, what were really doing is making sure that as we move into the fourth quarter the efficiency gains that were seeing right now in the new buildings, were also seeing in this year, in the second half of the year as we especially go into third and fourth quarter. Those startup costs are around things that you would expect as we hire and train people, as we put in the last bit of supply tools and needs, things like that. So those were all part of what we put into the second quarter, what we expect out of the third quarter and fourth quarter. Its very deliberate in the third quarter and you see benefits from these new buildings as well as the other things Ive called out. And with that, I think that kind of tell you about why guidance and why we believe 2019 will be so well. And Ill turn it over to David.
David Abney: Yes, Richard. When it comes to Amazon, we have to remember a very large company. They in-source and out-source different portions of their transportation network. As they grow they continue to change and add those vendors. We do not believe that theres been a decrease in our volume levels due to them making a switch from one company to another. We still have a mutually beneficial relationship with Amazon and we feel that while we continue to focus on serving their needs that there is so much more to e-commerce than Amazon and we also have shared how were focusing on working with these other companies, SMBs and so weve shared that at the end of last year and its just a continued focus on improving the revenue quality. And were going to continue to do that. Thank you for the question.
Ken Hoexter: Thanks, Dave. Thanks, Rich.
Scott Childress: Were going to take a live question or an online question. This question comes from a multiple of analysts; Fadi Chamoun from BMO, Kevin Sterling from Seaport and Chris Wetherbee from Citi. The question is can you discuss the regional demands of what youre seeing in the international business related to Europe? And any dynamics that youre seeing from the customer side in that marketplace?
Jim Barber: Let me start and then Ill give it to Kate too. Certainly as we mentioned a minute ago, the trade setup for this year has changed a little bit than we saw coming in, but thats our job to adjust to that. So weve got situations in all the regions that were adapting our global network. Out in Asia as I talked about a minute ago with David, its moved. Keep in mind what I didnt mention to you at that time is that our block hours are down. So thats how we end up creating operating leverage. Ultimately Rich talked about the margins and we talked about the movement of that. When you really get behind international and how we are on maturity, weve got great options to continue to grow no matter what products our customers chose from us. Theyll migrate between products based upon their needs and growth aspirations. Our job is to get the network right. We did manage some customers, as Rich talked about, some low yielding ones in Europe this quarter that kind of mask some of the results and puts some of that intraregional growth in the mid-single digits. Absent that, you look to the bottom line profitability of the margins, it was a really good quarter for us and we plan to continue that. Ill ask Kate to add a few comments to that.
Kate Gutmann: Ill just add that for the 14th consecutive quarter we did see export growth in our international regions. And also as Jim mentioned before, in Asia as an example more express on the airplanes and again exports in Europe continuing. So we are  our portfolio allows the customers to trade up and down and many are doing some of each. Thanks.
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Vernon. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the time. I have a general question on revenue quality. It looks like the top line came in a little bit lighter certainly than the Street was expecting and I think in your commentary also maybe there was a little bit of a lighter start to the year on revenue. Can you talk a little bit about how maybe core price or shipment weights have been shifting particularly around the express and the deferred products where the RPU was kind of down a little bit year-over-year and thats just kind of a surprising result? I would just like some added color on the mixed trends within express.
Kate Gutmann: Yes. Hi, David. This is Kate. Ill take that. So overall we improved the revenue quality. And again Ill just note the changes that or points that Richard made on weather impact and the underlying performance, that also impacts revenue per piece. But ground RPP was actually at 2.9% in the U.S., strongest quarter we have had first quarter growth in four years. And then if you look to your question, we had above market air growth rates which we actually saw a broad base of customer usage; small and medium-sized business, healthcare related as well as of course retail. And yes, to the question on mix, we saw more saver growth specifically within nexAir [ph] product and that can impact revenue per piece as well as a shorten zone which impacts that, but its just less of a flight path that the package takes. So thats  obviously we do continue our focus unchanged and remain committed to both quality revenue as well as maintaining market share. Thanks.
David Vernon: Is there any sort of metric around distance neutral, weight neutral pricing that you guys kind of track or can talk to, to help us kind of understand that?
Richard Peretz: So we do look at that and over one quarter doesnt define how that product is moving. Generally speaking if I take the last four quarters combined, the characteristics havent been as pronounced as this quarter. But I think you have to also remember weather has an impact. Because when you start having weather impact, your small and medium-sized customers lose that day of business where your larger customers when it gets to customer mix can move it around the country and avoid the weather. And we saw some of that in the numbers this quarter. If its appropriate at the right time, if its really changing, we would give you that color as well.
Scott Childress: All right. Were going to take an online question. This online question comes from Scott Schneeberger over at Oppenheimer. Please address the progress in your recent completed of automated facilities and can you provide an update on ORION, NPT and the other technologies youre bringing online?
Juan Perez: Good morning, Scott. Juan Perez here. Thank you for the questions. Let me start first with the first part of the question related to automation. A couple of parts to that question. In 2018, to your point, we opened 22 new or retrofit automated facilities globally. That represented an addition of about 5 million square feet globally; 4 million in the U.S., 1 million in international and we ended up opening a number of regional sortation facilities that provided great benefit to the organization this past peak and we continue to see that now in Atlanta, Salt Lake City and a couple of other parts of the organization. In 2019, we will be bringing on an additional 20 new or retrofit automated facilities globally. That will also represent roughly 5 million square feet or 400,000 packages per hour of automated sortation capacity in the organization. And these expanded automated facilities are in Tennessee, in California. Well have some in Kentucky and Ohio as well and well go to Germany as well this year. Now looking at the benefits of that technology, certainly were seeing significant improvement in our productivity in those automated facilities as they continue to reach maturity. The second part of your question related to some of the operational technologies weve implemented, we are on track on getting the expected benefits of our ops technology. Theyre all part of the smart logistics network strategy that weve defined in the organization. Were already in deployment of ORION DIAD navigation in almost 10,000 drivers across the network, seeing significant benefits in terms of miles reduction related to the technology. When it comes to EDGE, the EDGE initiatives are in deployment. Were now seeing improvements in consolidation of operations, reducing expense, work simplification. And lastly, as we look at the future we continue to find other opportunities to continue to improve our network. Were well on our way on our small package [ph] initiative. That is going to provide great benefit to UPS in the years to come, new automation solutions as well. And by the way I dont want to forget about this. Were also very excited about the types of customer technologies that were bringing onto the mix. New solutions that were deploying today but as Kate alluded earlier, were also building new solutions to support our customers across the network. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys. So I wanted to go back to the third quarter guidance if we could. So, Richard, second quarter youre guiding to mid-single digit profit growth and it looks like implied for the third quarter now is like mid-20% profit growth. I get the operating day gets you like 4 points of extra growth, but can you bridge the rest? Like is there any way to quantify the commodity tailwind youre talking about and the headcount reductions youre talking about? Can you put some numbers around that so we can get a little bit more comfort with that guidance? And then maybe it will be helpful if you can sort of directionally talk about third quarter by segment if you can?
Richard Peretz: So, Scott, I think the first thing is and lets knock out the easiest one first. We called out a specific number around commodity FX headwinds in the third quarter principally driven by the Turkish lira last year that lost something like 60% during the third quarter and came back a lot of it in the fourth and we called that out as well. In terms of the work day, weve given you the information on that. And then the VRP full run rate is also something we gave the range, annual savings in the low 200s and so now we get a full quarter of that run rate. So those are all very specific dollar amounts. And then what you look across the international business separate from the commodities, you also are wrapping the benefits we saw from some market activity based on some cyber attacks that occurred with one of our competitors. And so this first and second quarter were still wrapping that year-over-year, but in the third and fourth we dont. And then in supply chain and freight we continue to see the benefits were seeing in this quarter we do expect to continue to see mid-double digit growth there as we called out in the first quarter. So third and fourth quarter are better returns and theyre better returns for very specific reasons that we have set out both in the U.S. because of what were doing today. I actually mentioned that the third quarter earnings per share should be about 28% of the annual guide number that we called out earlier in the year.
Scott Group: Thanks.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question. This question comes from Allison Landry over at Credit Suisse. She wanted to ask about the growth rates of B2B and B2C. Last quarter, we called the growth rates out. Can you provide an update this quarter in the growth rates on the B2B side?
Kate Gutmann: Hi, Allison. This is Kate. Ill take that question. So B2B growth as you noted was strong and the best first quarter growth in several years as well as we saw similar rates of growth with B2C, so a nice balance between the two. When we look further into it, we continue to enhance our leadership position in B2B and our solutions are resonating with healthcare customers, for instance, hospitals and labs and seeing the growth there throughout all of the segments. And then also in retail extensive returns, shipments going through say the UPS Store and our other access points to distribution centers and return centers grew quite well. So we continue to focus on growing both and just will continue to fortify the mix that we see.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I want to ask a question I guess on free cash flow and CapEx and maybe how youre thinking about sort of excess cash for shareholders as you move through the rest of the year. So I think Richard, you mentioned that the cadence of free cash flow is changing to some degree. The guidance is the same. Youve mentioned that theres potential upside from working capital initiatives. I guess when will we have a little bit more confidence or color around the ability to maybe see some upside there? And then how do you think about sort of CapEx this year? Is the cadence of CapEx changing? Do you think that theres potential upside or downside to what the guidance youve given us, just want to get a sense of how youre thinking about all of that?
Richard Peretz: Sure. So I think the first thing we look at is, UPS generates strong operating cash flow. We think 2019 will be another good year. Last year, we started doing initiatives around working capital and we saw that benefit. Those working capital initiatives, we have additional ones on the list that well continue to complete and as we complete those, we will share the results and a go-forward look at that. Now, you did hit on this permanent shift. And what that means is we actually have better cash flow in the fourth quarter going forward because of the long-term value of the transformation initiatives we put in place. But most importantly as we do see upside potential, were implementing initiatives. And as they come through, well start sharing that a little bit more. In terms of the CapEx side of it, our CapEx really is about improving the efficiency of our network and at the heart of that is both the technology and the buildings that were creating. So this year, we expect to spend about $7 billion, we spent $1.5 billion in the first quarter which is right in line with where we expected and well continue to lean into that. We talked about this year level being about where we just talked about a moment ago, and its really about driving efficiency and lowering costs in the network over the long term and we do expect and we are seeing some of that now, and well see even more of it in the second half of the year.
Chris Wetherbee: And no real change to the way you think about the long-term CapEx I guess through the next couple of years. Your guidance range as a percent of revenue, that hasnt changed?
Richard Peretz: Well, I think weve given you guidance for that  were in the middle of the three-year process. And at the appropriate time and we continue to look at that and evaluate that, well come back to you with the right numbers.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question here. This question comes from Helane Becker over at Cowen Incorporated. How is the economy looking from your perspective? And can you speak to pockets of growth that youre seeing?
David Abney: Yes. Helane, this is David. Lets start with the U.S. And U.S. forecast reduced slightly. There was a few mixed signals but we still see growth and we see opportunity there. So starting out with whats driving the economy and the solid consumer spending and inventory replenishment. And so were certainly focused on those two areas. When I said mixed, the manufacturing activity has slowed a little bit and were predicting a little bit lower industrial production in the second half. And while thats small, the percent of increase has been reduced for 2019. Still plenty of opportunity there and thats where our e-commerce strategic imperative is focused. And then well switch to the global economic environment. It remains in a growth mode, slightly slower pace. And in Europe, the Europe GDP has been lowered for 2019 in part because of manufacturing slowness. And then Brexit of course remains a risk. We certainly have plans in place to handle however that turns out, but  so we are prepared to assist our customers. In Asia, China is still strong, maybe not as strong as in previous years, but Jim talked about some of those opportunities we see there, including into the U.S. and from the U.S. to China, but also China and the rest of the world. And so there is a lot of developments there that sometimes gets lost in the China-U.S. discussion. So thats where we see the economy and we think that it gives us plenty of opportunities to focus and to apply our strategic imperatives. We feel good about the economy for the rest of the year.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry: Thanks. Good morning. Could you tell us how much the efficiencies from the facilities that opened up last year helped first quarter domestic margins or cost per piece? And when would you expect the productivity benefits from the automation and new store capacity to begin to outpace the startup costs from the newer facilities? And is this something that could occur by the end of this year? Thank you.
Richard Peretz: So, Allison, we are in the middle of really three years of opening some large amount of additional capacity. The timing across quarters is going to be a little different because what were seeing is the benefits are apparent. Our cost per piece ex-fuel grew about just under 2.5% and if you adjust to weather, its actually around 2% growth, which is the lowest its been in several years. Thats principally driven by the efficiencies that were getting out of the network. We now have somewhere between 55% and 60% of eligible volume going through automated facilities. That will keep growing. Weve called out not only the facility automation, but were in the middle of implementation of the ORION 2. And Im actually going to hand it off to Juan to talk a little bit about it. But its all part of what we laid out is our margin growth and getting to double-digit operating profit growth for the U.S. for 2019.
Jim Barber: So, Rich, Im going to take it from Juan, because I think  I want to package it together with some of what Juan mentioned on the first time he spoke. I think its important to remember that we went into transformations. You hear Scott and us talk a lot about non-op and procurement and the other benefits. But make no mistake, because we invest in this network and put the capital in, there are efficiency gains that are material in this business that will come through between now and this run rate of 2022 as we go forward and they are not insignificant and we are in the early innings of that. 2018 peak was step one. You start to see the cost mitigate in Q1. And the leverage were talking about in this pivot year is theres a material piece on the cost side, its not just revenue quality and youll see that unfold as we go quarter-by-quarter-by-quarter, Allison. And its in all facets of the business, thats the thing is when you get the hub and spoke opened, back up, the efficiencies come, on the inbound side, in the hubs, in the network, on the road, then you put ORION and you put EDGE and you put all the other technology Juan talks about, it is material. And as we go quarter-by-quarter and we actually put this on paper for you, I think well do a really good job of laying out for you more and probably in a cost per piece example than we are right now in the first quarter.
Scott Childress: Were going to take a live  an online question here. Weve got multiple analysts asking about the drone program that we launched and some of the activity that were doing around these innovative solutions.
Scott Price: Yes. Thanks for the question. Scott here. Were really very proud to have the very first FAA sanction use of a drone for routine revenue flights, which as David mentioned, took place at the WakeMed medical campus. That certification from the FAA is very important and were really pleased to see that theyve quickly began to embrace other opportunities with subsequent approvals. But were early in the process in the United States. We announced yesterday that we have launched a continuation of a 13,000 program that we had launched in Rwanda taking medical samples across the country. And today now in Rwanda, 30% of Rwandas blood supply are done through these drones. So we will continue to see in the United States opportunities to expand this to campuses, in particular focusing upon healthcare. The economics, we do see in the future to be positive and we will scale these and see that the opportunity to reduce our costs on these type of campus programs is quite positive. Theres a supporting platform value to this as well. Juan?
Juan Perez: Great. Thank you, Scott. Weve learned a lot through our tests with drone technology, one-off drone solutions are not scalable. To complement our already robust delivery network with drone deliveries requires an effective ecosystem of solutions. So what were doing for that is were bringing the great expertise we built over the years in analytics and operations research to be able to do a few things to support these ecosystem. The first one is, were using analytics to identify how to best utilize this technology. Were applying operations research expertise to determine how to maximize the value of this solution within the network that we already have, which is very efficient. And lastly, we definitely believe that these are required to have a solid approach to optimizing the value of this technology in the future and we believe we have that.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hi. Good morning everyone and thanks for getting my question in. I want to come back to the longer-term CapEx outlook because I think at prior events you guys have spoken about spending in the 8.5% to 10% of revenue range for the next few years. And I really want to put that in the context of these facility investments youre making. I think in the past, youve said that you have somewhere between like 30 to 35 major package health facilities in the U.S. I was wondering if you could update us on just how many of those have actually been updated with the automated technology. And then what is the outlook over the next couple of years for how many should get retrofitted looking forward?
Richard Peretz: So, Brandon, this is Richard. I think on the CapEx side, Ill take that part. And then Ill have Juan talk a little bit about the actual buildings. But on the CapEx side, youre right. We talked about a three-year peak of CapEx and then its moderating down. Were still on plans for that. Its just a little early to give you what were going to do in 2020 and 2021. But we continue to look at different options and alternatives based on the flow of packages and really the benefits were getting out of these buildings, which are slightly better than we originally thought even. So its a little too early to give that but at the same time, what weve guided in terms of three years and then coming down, that moderation will occur. And at the appropriate time well give a better feel for that. But Ill turn it over to Juan to talk about the actual buildings.
Juan Perez: Sure, Richard. Close to 60% of our planned building automation projects by 2022 are already completed. Thats on the large building automation type projects. And as David alluded earlier, were already seeing the types of benefits that we get from these automation in the network. Close to 65% of our small sort automation projects that we targeted by 2022 are also completed. And in both scenarios, were actually on track to get to the targets that we defined to have solid automation across our network to provide benefits to the organization.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the program back over to Mr. Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress: Thank you very much, Steven. So well leave with closing comments from David.
David Abney: So as you heard during the call, UPS is adding innovative solutions and using technology to enrich our integrated network. Our transformation initiatives are improving efficiency and revenue quality. And weve made good progress this quarter in a dynamic environment. Strong execution in supply chain and international. U.S. domestic investments are driving momentum. Our built facilities are coming online earlier this year creating earlier benefits. And we continue to see growth opportunities that Kate has talked about earlier. So in summary, we had a good start to the year and we have momentum to embrace our future performance. Thank you for joining us this morning.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning and welcome to the UPS fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with Chief Operating Officer, Jim Barber; Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer; our Chief Information and Engineering Officer, Juan Perez; and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2017 Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are available on the UPS investor relations website and from the SEC. During the quarter, UPS recorded a non-cash, after-tax, mark-to-market pension charge of $1.2 billion. The charge includes the effects from lower-than-anticipated asset returns, partially offset by higher discount rates. It also includes a partial liability from the performance of The Central States Pension Fund. In the prior-year period, UPS recorded a non-cash, after-tax, mark to market pension charge of $607 million. The charge resulted from lower discount rates, partially offset by higher asset returns. Also, in 2017, we recorded a one-time income tax benefit of $258 million due to the adoption of new tax legislation. More details on the mark-to-market accounting will be available in a presentation on the investor relations website later today. GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter 2018 was $0.52. Adjusting for the impact of the mark-to-market pension charge, earnings per share for the quarter was $1.94. Fourth-quarter 2017 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.26 and adjusted earnings per share was $1.66. Unless stated otherwise, discussions today will refer to adjusted results. The webcast of todays call, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, are available on UPS investor relations website. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thank you. And now, Ill turn the call over to David.
David Abney : Thanks, Scott. I welcome this opportunity to share our positive fourth-quarter results and our plans for continued improvement throughout 2019. On today's call, Ill share highlights for the quarter, our transformation progress and our views on the macro business environment. Jim Barber will discuss our peak and Q4 results and our drive to improve operating leverage. Richard will then review the financial details of the quarter and 2019 outlook.  First, I'm going to take a moment to applaud the nearly 500,000 UPSers who completed a successful peak season. Thanks to their hard work and commitment, we delivered industry-leading on-time servers and solid earnings growth. We also thank our customers as we work together for our mutual advantage, by optimizing UPS' network utilization to ensure reliable service to their customers. During peak, we produced good volume and revenue gains, as well as orchestrated improved revenue quality. But, most important, we effectively managed the total network and drove productivity improvements, while processing high peak volume levels. As a result, we successfully delivered on our consolidated financial targets for earnings growth. We realized the benefit of several transformation initiatives, including strong SMB growth and yield management and the highest B2B growth in several quarters. For the total company, we lifted revenue by 5.2% on a currency-neutral basis, generated solid operating margins, had excellent free cash flow and, in 2018, awarded shareowners with $4.2 billion in dividends and share buybacks. I'm pleased with the improvements we've made across the company and with our strong Q4 EPS growth of 17% to $1.94. Our domestic business performed as planned, successfully processing the record volume that came into our network. International grew both top line and bottom line in a changing economic environment, while supply chain and freight delivered strong results in the Forwarding and Logistics and coyote units. UPS remains the industry leader by identifying and capturing opportunities, managing macro risk and delivering results that support our customers and reward shareowners. Beyond the strengths of the UPS business model, our transformation will deliver even better performance in the future. At our conference last September, we outlined a three-pronged strategic approach to transformation. Weve made great progress. And in a few moments, Jim will provide an update. You will hear we have generated higher-quality revenue growth, greater efficiency to improve operating leverage, and actions to shift our culture to greater urgency and continuous transformation. As mentioned in my discussion on peak, were realizing the benefits of transformation in our financial results. We remain committed to elevating EPS by an incremental $1 to $1.20 by 2022. We began our transformation in late 2017. And by doing so, weve put UPS on a structured path to enhance performance, future-proof the company and take advantage of growth opportunities. Looking ahead to 2019, external forecasts are calling for somewhat softer export and GDP growth across major economies due to uncertainty over trade policy.  Our diverse portfolio, global revenue base and flexible network help to buffer the potential impact of these factors for UPS and our customers. We continue to see growth opportunities in targeted business segments and in markets where were well-positioned to accelerate local domestic and cross-border trade. Ive recently met with industry and government leaders at the World Economic Forum. While both economic headwinds and tailwinds were discussed, I left more convinced than ever that were on the right track. Investments in our strategic growth imperatives, especially to support SMBs, along with our network automation, will enable profitable UPS growth. These actions will ensure our success today and well into the future. As we look forward to 2019 and beyond, UPS is uniquely positioned to deliver long-term value creation for customers and shareholders. Our 2019 guidance demonstrates the early results of our multi-year actions to improve leverage in our domestic business. Before I close, I want to welcome Philippe Gilbert to my leadership team. Philippe was recently appointed President of UPS Supply Chain Solutions and is a member of the management committee. He has extensive global industry experience and will lead the next phase of growth and operating improvements across our supply chain and freight business units.  His appointment is another step in our transformation-focused realignment of the UPS management committee. In a little more than a year, 6 in 12 of management committee members have been appointed to new positions, including three members who have joined us from other companies. We are enhancing our culture and transformation by blending internal and external leadership [indiscernible]. This approach is adding new perspectives and taking advantage of our broader experiences. Now, Jim will take you through details on peak, the actions driving revenue and revenue quality, greater operating efficiency and our evolving culture. Jim?
James Barber : Thanks, David. I want to reinforce your comments on the work of the UPS team during peak. The dedication to customer service that is ingrained in our culture was on full display. Several factors led to our service and performance success. We coordinated closely with customers for improved forecasting, expanded air and ground capacity with higher levels of automation, refined staffing and training plans, introduced new technology to align incoming volume with available capacity and, finally, we implemented pricing actions to better control shipment characteristics. We developed comprehensive peak plans and executed successfully. I'm very proud of the entire UPS team. Most important, these and other actions will carry forward into our normal daily operations throughout 2019. As David mentioned, we realized benefits from several transformation efforts during the quarter. As noted previously, the US domestic segment will be the greatest beneficiary of our enterprise-wide transformation. The first major transformation strategy is growth and higher-quality revenue. Our commercial actions to align pricing, volume and mix were very successful. In Q4, RPP [ph] increased nearly 5% in the domestic segment and 4.6% overall on a currency-neutral basis. That's the best RPP gain weve generated in many years. We also simplified pricing and enabled our sales force to provide small and medium-size customers with quicker quotes, often on the spot. And we generated strong digital marketing results with streamlined product offerings and pricing programs aimed at small and occasional shippers. These commercial actions also helped drive SMB growth, the best in recent history. B2B deliveries grew by about 3%, reflecting our customers favorable reactions to our marketing and pricing strategies. In addition, to better connect buyers and sellers in today's digital world, we recently partnered with two new B2B and B2C e-commerce platform companies, Inception and ShopRunner. With Inception, UPS offers attractive shipping rates to Inception customers and is positioned as the preferred shipping choice during checkout. ShopRunner, a popular B2C e-commerce membership platform, offers two-day shipping and other benefits when members shop at participating retailers. As a result of our partnership, in the near future, UPS My Choice members will have access to ShopRunner services. There are more than 56 million My Choice members and we expect even greater participation as a result of the ShopRunner.  Partnerships such as these are proven catalysts for future B2B and B2C e-commerce growth. We plan to announce more creative alliances and fulfillment offerings in 2019.  The second transformation strategy is using technology to drive greater efficiency in operations and our back office, while making the company more agile and flexible. During 2018, we opened 22 new or retrofit facilities globally, including five new superhubs, which employ the latest automation and productivity tools. We also rebalanced volume flows and equipment across our global air network, which enhanced on-time performance and improved efficiency. As we start 2019, 18 additional new and retrofit facility projects are underway with completion dates ahead of peak this year. In addition to facility automation, we also are enhancing UPS' on-road network. Weve launched UPSNav, which provides turn-by-turn navigation to loading docks and receiving areas for every stop on our drivers routes. In 2019, we will provide UPSNav to more than 40,000 additional drivers in areas where route density is greatest to increase final mile efficiency. We also began rolling out UPS' Network Planning Tools, or NPT, which was a valuable asset during peak. Part of NPT is our Peak Volume Alignment Tool, or PVAT. Using advanced analytics, we are better matching incoming volume flows and available network capacity for increased capacity utilization and operating efficiency. Full implementation will continue into 2019 as we add more digital connections across our network. Adding technology and automated capacity is absolutely the right approach for the future of our more efficient and flexible network. Finally, there are many other revenue and efficiency transformation initiatives that will improve performance in 2019. These include continued working capital gains from procurement, as well as cost reductions through outsourcing activities that had traditionally been handled within UPS. Transformation is prompting us to think differently. I'm excited about the progress we've made throughout our global operations in 2018. And as we turn into 2019 and well execute additional strategies that expand our competitive advantage. Now, Richard will take you through the results. Richard?
Richard Peretz : Thanks, Jim. And good morning. Today, my prepared remarks will cover two areas. First, the quarterly performance of our segments; and second, our 2019 outlook. In the quarter, UPS demonstrated great execution. We delivered industry-leading on-time performance, improved revenue quality and we generated excellent free cash flow. As a result fourth-quarter 2018, EPS grew 17% and full-year EPS was up nearly 21%. Moving into the segments. In the US, we delivered on average more than 21 million packages a day and our growth was led by next-day air. Revenue was robust, up more than 6%. Early in the quarter, we experienced some softening of package demand due to labor negotiation headwinds. As we moved into December, we saw sequential improvements in our financial results, while maintaining outstanding service levels. The strong peak performance offset the majority of the labor headwinds, producing a full quarter profit result slightly below our own expectations. Our strategies to better align pricing with the value we create pushed base rates up 3.3%. In addition, and most noteworthy, we saw positive trends in product and customer mix. The combination drove revenue per package to expand by almost 5% as we leaned in to create higher-quality growth. As Jim discussed, we accelerated our SMB and business-to-business deliveries with the best gains in recent history. This is a strong proof point that our initiatives are working virtually. Every industry vertical showed volume improvements and higher revenue per package. US domestic operating profit was about $1 billion. As expected, this quarter's profit was lowered by the planned opening of 14 new facilities, one less operating day and higher pension operating costs. Now, turning to the international segment. We posted strong results, demonstrating the strength of our business model and the value that UPS solutions offer to global buyers and sellers. Currency-neutral operating profit increased by nearly 10%. On a two-year stack, currency-neutral operating profit is up about 25%. Operating margins were over 20% and expanded 60 basis points this year. International revenue rose 5.4% on a currency-neutral basis to $3.9 billion. We grew revenue in all regions during this period and flexed the network to take advantage of opportunities on multiple trade lanes. Export shipments grew 2.4%, with a two-year stack at nearly 18% growth. Exports in Europe and the Americas led the segment. Most lanes out of Asia were positive, with exports from Asia to the US down due to the changing trade environment. International revenue per package increased 4.2% on a currency-neutral basis with excellent yield growth on both international domestic and exports. Product mix was favorable, driven by strong growth in B2B and premium solutions.  Operating profit in the segment reached $781 million, up nearly 10% on a currency-neutral basis, its highest ever. This demonstrates our ability to grow and adapt to changing conditions across the globe and execute a disciplined approach to control costs.  Now, let's turn to the Supply Chain & Freight segment. The Supply Chain & Freight group produced a solid quarter of financial performance when you consider the approximately $60 million in lost profit related to the contract ratification process at UPS freight. To protect our customers business, we proactively cleaned out our network. On November 12, we resumed operations with a ratified contract and started welcoming back our customers. At this point, the overwhelming majority of our customers have returned. And as we execute win back and growth strategies, we will continue to right-size our freight network in line with the current needs. Looking at the other business units in Supply Chain & Freight, performance was excellent. The forwarding group generated outstanding profit growth, driven by international air and ocean freight, coyote and the brokerage group. For example, in the fourth quarter, ocean freight produced its best results this year, double-digit shipment growth, great cost control and expanding margins. Distribution and logistics increased revenue by almost 7%, with all regions of the world contributing. The healthcare, aerospace, retail and manufacturing sectors all grew in the period and the unit achieved good operating profit growth. Overall, Supply Chain & Freight team had another outstanding year, with double-digit profit growth. In fact, on a two-year stack, we have grown profits in this group by almost 37%. Now, lets turn to the balance sheet, our financial strength has continued to be a hallmark of UPS. In 2018, UPS generated $6.1 billion in adjusted free cash flow. It was aided by benefits from the tax refunds in the first quarter and improvement from working capital initiatives throughout the year. On an adjusted basis, we made $6.6 billion of capital investments during the year, in line with our expectations. UPS returned $4.2 billion in 2018 to shareholders, with $1 billion of share buyback, as well as almost $3.2 billion in dividend distribution. That represents a nearly 10% increase per share this year. Our effective tax rate was slightly over 22% for the fourth quarter, primarily due to the discrete tax benefit related to the final resolution of uncertain tax positions. In 2019, we estimate our effective tax rate to be between 23% and 24%. The estimate could change based on the final resolution of the new tax regulations. Lets cover the rest of guidance. We view 2019 as a year of real progress. Its built from transformational momentum, investments in our network and the advancement of our strategies that have been developed over the last few years. UPS will generate substantial increases in operating profit this year. We expect total operating profits to grow in the low teens, with all three segments up double-digit.  Included in the operating profit results is an update to our short-term stock compensation program, which reduces the vesting period from five to one year. It brings UPS' annual incentive program for almost 40,000 management employees in line with peers and aligned to today's mobile workforce. In our guidance, this is an increase to expense of about $250 million. The vesting is a non-cash timing event with no real economic impact. The drag will fade over the next five years. Also in the results is a benefit from lower service costs, driven by higher discount rates and it mostly offsets the vesting headwind.  Diving deeper into the segments, in the US, we expect revenue to increase 4% to 6%, driven in part by revenue quality initiatives. Were planning for improvements in customer and product mix, as well as an expansion in base rates. We anticipate growth in the air shipments to be in the mid to high single digits and ground in the low single digit range. Operating profit is projected to grow between 10% and 13%, coupled with margin expansion. We expect the international segment to have another strong year, with average daily shipments up 3% to 5%. Product mix will increase revenue yields. And as a result, revenue will increase 5% to 7%. We will maintain our industry-leading margins and expect to generate operating profit growth of 10% to 12%. Finally, in the Supply Chain & Freight segment, we will continue to execute the disciplined strategy. We expect operating profit to increase in the low to mid teen range.  During the first half of the year, we anticipate some headwinds to remain from the freight contract ratification process.  Breaking out some of the key drivers of 2019 guidance, let's start with the 2018 adjusted earnings per share of $7.24. First, the strong underlying segment performance, year-over-year growth is anticipated to be up between 10% and 14%. The outstanding profit gains would be partially offset by the external factors affecting the below-the-line items, more specifically pension and tax. The major driver of other pension income and expense is the higher interest cost and lower asset return. Pension asset returns were below our historical norm due to the turbulent 2018 financial markets late in the year. Moving to tax, last year, we enjoyed tax benefits from discrete items that are not anticipated to repeat. Combining the below-the-line pension and tax, year-over-year adjusted EPS growth will be muted by about $0.51 or 700 basis points. Putting it all altogether, we expect full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share to grow in the range of $7.45 to $7.75. Looking at the seasonality of EPS across the quarters, in the first quarter, results will be muted, driven by one less operating day, Easter moving to April and the 2018 tax benefits that will not repeat. We expect earnings per share to be about 19% of the full-year adjusted EPS midpoint. We expect the distribution of EPS to be approximately equal across the remaining three quarters, in a range of between 26% and 28% of the full-year adjusted EPS midpoint.  Transformation charges are not part of our 2019 guidance. We expect charges this year and will provide additional information as initiatives are launched. We affirm our guidance on CapEx of between 8.5% and 10% of revenue for 2019. These investments, which include automated buildings and technology, continue to expand the efficiency and flexibility of the UPS Smart Global Logistics Network and were instrumental in our success this peak season. Additionally, we plan to reward shareholders with growth in dividends, subject to board approval, and anticipate share buybacks of around $1 billion in 2019. We also expect the dilutive share count to be about 870 million shares throughout the year. Adjusted free cash flow is anticipated to be between $3.5 billion and $4 billion, with potential for additional upside based on our working capital initiatives. We view 2019 as a year of real progress, with UPS generating a substantial increase in operating profit. We expect total operating profit to grow in the low teens with all three segments up double-digit. Thank you. And now, Ill ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the program back over to our IRO, Mr. Scott Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress: Thank you. Were going to take an online question this morning. Weve got multiple questions. Fadi Chamoun from the BMO, Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer, Jack Atkins from Stephens that ask, it appears UPS did not experience the full impact of economic headwinds. Can you elaborate a little bit on what you're seeing in terms of demand in your international business?
David Abney: Okay, this is David. And thank you all for that question and there are many more questions about international. I think we could spend an entire call on international.  I would just say, the way we look at headwinds is from our perspective. And do we see global headwinds? Absolutely. We see many of the ones that have been identified by others. But what's not talked about near as much is the tailwinds and the opportunities that we believe are out there. And those tailwinds really are strategic imperatives. And those where were going to make our investments, continue to make our investments and take advantage of these opportunities. So, we still think, with all the trade discussion, that there are global growth markets that we can certainly expand in. e-Commerce is providing all kinds of opportunities. Small and mid-size businesses that don't get talked about nearly as much as larger e-tailers, are certainly playing a big role in this market. And then, healthcare and life sciences. So, all of those, we think, are just good, good opportunities. And when you look at our fourth-quarter results, as was briefly mentioned, currency neutral, our operating profit in our international business was up 10% and our operating margins over 20%. This is our best performance international ever and it is during some of these headwinds and opportunities that we talk about.  So, that  wed like to discuss a little bit more about Europe specifically. Jim, would you like to do that?
James Barber: Sure, Id love to. So, two opening comments, I guess, is we continue to see international, and not just express business, but supply chain as well, is a growth and diversification engine. No question about that. I think weve seen that over time. Europe, obviously, is one of those parts of the world that Brexit seems to win the day. And, certainly, from our perspective, we want that to be solved properly. But in the midst of that, our European business managed to grow revenue in the high-single-digits, keep expense to about half that growth and grow profits about 15%. David talked about some of these factors. Obviously, some years ago, when we didn't win our way with the TNT merger, we had a choice and we moved on to a $2 billion organic investment strategy. We stay absolutely true to that. Our job is to win in both organic or inorganic moves in the market. Right now, in Europe, it is very much an organic growth story. And in the end, our job is to be able to create leverage in almost any environment that were dealt. Macro changes will come and go over time. And at the very end, our job is to run the business and create leverage. In Europe, we feel like, had a nice quarter. We talked about in the third quarter that well continue forward. Fourth quarter did that. And we can see similar actions and initiatives going forward in 2019. So, thats the international European from our perspective.
Scott Childress: Were going to take another question from multiple analysts  Brian Ossenbeck from J.P. Morgan, Ben Hartford from RW Baird, and Kevin Sterling over at Seaport Global. Can the US domestic segment grow volume and expand margins or are the two mutually exclusive, given the headwinds in B2C?
Richard Peretz: So, this is Richard. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Jim as well. I think you look at the fourth quarter and it's indicative of some of the transformation around growth that weve talked about. We had revenue per piece in the US up almost 5%. During my talk, I mentioned, and Jim mentioned about, the SMB, the small medium-sized business, and also the positive product and customer mix. We do see 2019 as a pivot point. If you go through the numbers, you'll see that operating profit is growing, which means that we are creating leverage and it really is the start of something that we talked about would happen as we had our investments come in line, transformation as well as improving operations throughout the country. And with that, Ill turn it over to Jim.
James Barber: Yeah, yeah. I had a few key points to it. I think when you sit down and you think about the year that weve just entered, you've heard a lot about revenue quality, obviously, throughout the call. I know Kates going to talk about that more. But the continued focus on that. And Kevin, obviously new, is going to support as well. Non-op leverage and procurement savings coming through. Scott will talk about that today some more as well on the call. But at the end of the day, we haven't talked as much about the capacity adds. Juan will do that as the call goes on, but certainly the 22 facilities we built last year and the 18 were going to add this year really allow the integrated networks to perform and perform at much higher levels, which is the key to success at peak as well. How we execute peak in 2019, were going to continue to refine that strategy and move that forward. Theres already ground for us. Weve expanded it. We added about 100 buildings in 2018. So, as we enter 2019, we are in 323 buildings in the US. And, quite frankly, the operating leverage that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2018, we see moving us out and starting in 2019 and going forward. So, that really is the pillar underpinning the dialogue and the turn as we move into 2019 and were anxious to get on with it and move through the quarters as Rich described.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz: Yes, good morning. And congratulations on the strong peak season performance and results as well. I wanted to ask, Jim. You just commented a bit on domestic. I wanted ask you a little bit more on that. Richard, first, if you can just kind of review the comments you made about the vesting change in impact and then kind of the  I guess the lower discount benefit, if you can just review those comments? And then, within domestic packets, how do we think about the impact of that favorable mix into SMB, B2B? Is that going to continue? And then, productivity, how much flows in? So, I think just a number of things to understand. How we would think about the drivers of domestic package margin performance in 2019?
Richard Peretz: Tom, what I'm going to do is I'm going to cover the MIP and the discount rate and then I'm going to turn it over to Kate to talk a little bit about where were headed with some of the initiatives around our customer and product mix. Specifically, around the vesting, it really is about a short-term stock equity program that 40,000 employees participate in. The legacy was, it was a five year vesting and it wasn't meeting the market. And its transformation we continue to look at. How do we make UPS attractive place to work, get the right talent and also make sure were delivering appropriately from a compensation standpoint? So, part of that was making the change. It really is no overall impact when you go through the five years. There is a little bit heavier charge now and then slowly dissipates to zero by the fifth year. In terms of the discount rate, that $250 million is pretty much offset by the benefit we saw in the operating line on discount rate. So, in the press release, we call out the below-the-line portion. And while its not entirely the same as the MIP, a large portion of the MIP is offset by that. And that's because the service cost portion is accrued differently when the discount rate rises. So, thats all inside the operating line. But, most importantly, I think when you look overall, the operating growth in the low double digits is a big improvement for the US and it's not just whats happening in the operating leverage, but what were doing with revenue and Kate will talk about that.
Kathleen Gutmann: Thanks. And, Tom, Ill just add, both customer and product mix was positive in the quarter and, yes, tied to our strategy of revenue quality. And we continue to align value price and cost. And going further with different industries, different segments, further with small and medium-size businesses, and be more selective with large customers. So, the strategy is playing out and will continue to do so.
Thomas Wadewitz: Great, thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Scott Group, Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Morning, guys. So, I wanted to ask  the guidance for profit is low teens. If I if I heard you right, Richard, for first quarter, it sounds like it implied more like low to mid-single digits. So, maybe help us think about why  what's changing and why it doesn't show up in the beginning of the year and why it comes more in the back half of the year? And then, can you just walk us through the pieces? $6 billion of free cash flow last year and $3.5 billion to $4 billion this year. What are the drivers for the delta?
Richard Peretz: Okay. Scott, I'll start with the guidance specifically. I think you're calling out the first quarter. The two big factors in the first quarter are, first, the workdays and Easter move from the first quarter to the second quarter. So, if you go back and look in history, there's a volume run up prior to Easter, and that plays into it. And then just the workday. There's one less workday in the first quarter. And when you do the math to the third quarter, you'll see the pickup because theres an extra workday in the third quarter. In terms of when you think about the free cash flow, we had called out some working capital initiatives that were going to continue and we talked about that, but also we know, in 2018, there were some past benefits that we called out in March, both for the tax rate change as well as a big refund.  So, when you kind of normalize for that, were going to have an excellent year of free cash flow again. Were going to continue to try to build that. And we talked about additional opportunities to grow it through some of the initiatives. And as we do daily in 2018, well share those accomplishments and what it means to free cash flows as the year goes.
James Barber: Yeah. Just to follow up on the first quarter, there are no business fundamental issues with the first quarter. Rich certainly pointed out the two things about the calendar. The other thing is these discrete tax items that hit the first quarter of last year that don't this year. So, other than that, we see the first quarter with the same momentum as the rest of the year.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question here. This comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Did you progress in your pursuit of growing share with small and medium-size businesses this peak season?
Kathleen Gutmann: So, thanks, Scott, for the question. This is Kate. And the answer is yes. Our strategy is working. Our small and medium-size business growth was the best we've seen in recent history in the US as well as throughout the world and across different industries. And you can see that demonstrated in our notable B2B and B2C growth. The sales and marketing teams continue to work very well together to win more in the market. And it is notable that were the market leader already in small and medium-size businesses, but were delivering more solutions to go even further.  Just to give you a little flavor, Where To Go, weve talked about, but there is strong demand as we build out our merchant network. UPS My Choice just hit an amazing 56 million of happy consumers and were going to be extending that to UPS My Choice for Business later this year. So, very excited about that. And then, also, the alliances Jim mentioned in the opening, the Shopify integrating UPS services into that system, ShopRunner bringing two-day delivery across the country for different retailers, Inception and then Optoro on the return side. And continuing to enhance how we reach these small and medium-size businesses globally through digital solution. So, SMBs are the growth engine for economies throughout the world and we are very well positioned to continue our success in that segment. Thanks so much.
David Abney: And this is David. Just a quick summary about the importance of SMBs. They are 95% of the firms and they are 50% of US GDP. So, when Kate talks about all these initiatives, its because thats such an important selector and, of course, it is one of our strategic imperatives.
Scott Childress: Were going to take another online question. This question is from Ravi Shankar from Morgan Stanley and Amit [ph] at Deutsche Bank. What percent of your US volume is being sorted manually today and what do you see going forward? As well as, can you give us an update on the 22 facilities you brought online this year? Great. Good morning. This is Juan Perez. Thanks for the question. We continue to make significant progress in expanding our automated capacity across the network. And just as a reminder, that is a key component of the buildout of our Smart Logistics Network, which were really proud of the progress we've be making up to this point. Now, to tell you how that progress has materialized, at the end of 2018, we had nearly 70% of our ground eligible volume going these automated facilities. In 2019, we expect that number to grow to almost 80%. And to put it in perspective, back in 2017, we were only at about 50%. So, continued progress in that area. Now, to do that, we successfully  and Jim mentioned it, we successfully completed our 22 automated facility projects in 2018. That was a global project footprint. They accounted for more than 5 million square feet in capacity across the network. For those who are in the US, 1 million was in international. That added 400,000 packages per hour of capacity in one year across the network. The regionals in Atlanta and Salt Lake City in Phoenix, they just provided excellent capacity support in these areas. And on top of all that, we added 2,300 car positions to the US network, again, giving us additional capacity to support the Smart Logistics Network.  In 2019, that would be another busy year for us in building capacity. Were excited about it again. Jim mentioned 18 US facilities that will be coming online. In total, well have 20 because we have some international facilities as well coming online. Seven automated small sorts. We will be adding an additional 400,000 packages per hour of capacity. And critical areas where we see significant growth will see additional capacity as well. Tennessee, California, Kentucky and Ohio. So, we continue to move forward with our strategy. We feel pretty solid about it.
Operator: We have a question from David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good morning, guys. So, Richard or David, I wanted to talk a little bit about the returns on this CapEx program. Were about a year-and-a-half, two years in. CapEx has stepped up. Its going to go on for another two years. And it feels like within the guidance, you guys are getting some of the productivity that you are expecting, some of the return on these investments, but they're being offset by the below-the-line pension, they're getting offset by this change in the stock comp at $0.51 that youve called out. How should we be thinking about the return on this investment program? Should we be expecting that $0.51 to maybe not be there in 2020 and you're going to get that catch-up into that next year? Or will there be additional sort of offsets that are coming up? I guess what I'm trying to figure out here is when does the benefit that you guys are getting from these investments going to show up actually in the EPS number.
Richard Peretz: Sure, David. This is Richard. And I think the first thing that we have to think about is, if you just look at what happened really the stock market in the last six weeks of the year, that's predominately what's driving a tremendous amount of the pension below-the-line impact. So, I'd love to sit here and tell you that were not going to see  were going to see a positive market thats X, Y or Z, but I do understand that what we look at  what December looks like, it was a stock market that was, for the month, worse since, I believe, the Depression. And so, that had a big impact at the end of the year that wasn't expected. I don't expect that to repeat. And because of that, I do believe  and if you think about the underlying real story here, it is that we have double-digit low teens growth in all three segments. And it's been many years since you've seen that. We are at the pivot point of the benefits from transformation, the investments. And, most importantly, our return on invested capital remains within our range.
David Vernon: So, as you think sort of like the 2020 build, right, you're getting the return on the investments you've been making. Its just getting offset a little bit and then that should still ladder up into that 2020, 2021 timeframe. Is that right?
Richard Peretz: That's right. I kind of think of the below-the-line as some things we have to deal with, but at the end of the day it's not what were doing on the top  on the operating profit and continue to improve that year-over-year.
James Barber: This is Jim. The question that were kind of dancing around a little bit, Tom asked it a minute ago, was are we getting the productivity improvements from these investments. And the answer is yes. In fact, theres other investments in this integrated network that come to life once you get these hubs effectively moving the way they. And you saw some of that in peak and youll see that in the years to come as well.
David Vernon: All right. And maybe just as a quick follow-up, you guys talked in the past about the CapEx resting back down to that 6% range following the facility buildout. Is that still kind of how you're looking at the world in a post sort of 2021 timeframe?
Richard Peretz: So, Dave, we, obviously, expect that it will eventually come down as weve talked about. Well guide to outer years as appropriate. But we know for the next few years, the advantages from the investments are getting the return and well come back to that. And Ill cover some of that with you offline as appropriate.
David Vernon: All right. Thank you, guys. 
Scott Childress: Thanks, David. Just make sure that were following only one question, so we can move on. Our next question is an online question from Brian Ossenbeck, JP Morgan. There was a mention on Central States during the prepared remarks. Can you give us the latest update on that from a UPS standpoint?
Richard Peretz: So, this is Richard again. And I'll start by  and I think David will finish up on this one. But the first thing to remember here, when we withdrew from Central States in 2007, and today it was the right decision. In 2014, some legislation passed that allowed for pension reductions and it opened up new accounting considerations we had to look at, as we disclosed that a few years ago when that law passed. If you look at the requirements under GAAP, we have to evaluate outcomes based on the current legislation. When you look at the multi-employer area on pension. There's over million participants in 5,000 employers that are impacted by plans that are in declining status. The industries are vast. In fact, UPS is less than 2%. That being said, we continue to work with all the appropriate parties to find the right solution. And I think David wants to talk a little about some of those efforts.
David Abney: I do, Rich. And in 2018, a joint select committee made up of equal members of Democrats and Republicans, equal members from the House and the Senate, and they made very good progress in finding solutions for these failing multi-employer pension plans. Were talking about Central States here, but this problem is much bigger than Central States. There's hundreds of these plans that we are not involved in as a company that are in this critical and declining status. So, thats why this is a nationwide issue.  While they made good progress, they did not meet the statutory deadline of reaching a bipartisan solution by the end of the year. Really believe that Congress does understand the sense of urgency and that they will continue to make this a priority this year. And we are certainly going to continue to advocate with both Congress and the administration on why this needs to be addressed, how it affects many employees throughout the country, and how it can also have an effect on employers in  not as much on the big companies. There is a lot of smaller companies out there that have employees in these plans. And if this situation doesn't get fixed, it could certainly have a negative effect on them. So, its an important issue. Well continue to work on it.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question here. This question comes from Chris Wetherbee at Citi, as well as Todd Fowler from KeyBanc. The question is about an update on transformation. Is transformation mostly a cost reduction initiative or, from the high-growth side, strategic standpoint, how is UPS getting at this?
Scott Price: Thanks, Chris and Todd, for the question. So, as we mentioned in the fall investor conference, transformation supports and funds the business strategy. So, it's a combination of both cost and growth. And you've heard that as each one of the speakers explained progress in their areas as the transformation very much is supporting all sides.  On the cost end, we've made some really good progress. The voluntary retirement program, we had a very good take rate. Centralized global procurement to leverage our global scale and buying power. And were moving back office work and transactional work to our global business services and BPO to reduce our overall cost and investing those back in technology. Were investing in a lot of growth. Kate mentioned quite a bit about SMBs and the platforms that in partnerships that were building to support B2B e-commerce. Were capturing international, as Jim touched on. Healthcare is an important area for us and we see an opportunity for helping our customers to increasing regulatory compliance challenges, cost pressures. We think that our network is well-positioned. We have home healthcare opportunity, direct to patient, lab specimen, clinical. And then, of course, were building on our synergies with Marken. We set aggressive goals in 2018; we achieved them. We have many new initiatives in 2019, with just as aggressive goals. I'm a little over a year now with the company and I continue to be impressed by how the organization is able to adapt and agilely transform itself, while also continuing to deliver our very, very high levels of customer service, as you saw in peak.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Allison Laundry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Laundry: Good morning. Thanks. I wanted to ask about the operating penalties and where they came in for the full year 2018. And then, also, in terms of the domestic cost per piece, if you could parse out what the efficiency gains were during the quarter, maybe the operating penalties themselves and fuel and any other components? And then, how should we think about cost per piece inflation in 2019?
Richard Peretz: Sure, Allison. This is Richard. I think the first thing, we did call out a number for the year for operating penalty. It came in pretty close to where we had expected. We had called it out during the quarters. And if you look at December, while were slightly below where we expected to be, mostly because of what happened in November with a really strong December, those penalties that we expected, they came. We expect some penalties again this coming year because were opening up almost the same number of buildings, but its not going to be as much of a drag because were getting the benefits, and we talked about the year-over-year. In terms of the cost per piece and the changes, I think with what we've given you, you can calculate the cost per piece. You can see the inflation numbers or the increases coming down. You could even look at our operating expenses this quarter and it was among the lowest that we've had in the last two years. With that, I think perhaps getting into the model and the numbers, I think we can take this conversation offline and talk about the incremental pieces that youre asking.
Allison Laundry: Okay, thank you.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question from Scott Schneeberger as well as Tom Wadewitz from UBS. The question is, can you give us an update on your returns that you saw around peak and how they affected your business, as well as how you view your pricing as you think out into 2019?
Kathleen Gutmann: Absolutely. This is Kate. I will start with overall peak because returns is one component that comes along with the business. But with the quality revenue that we delivered, as you've noticed the last few quarters, we have delivered base pricing over 3% as we further align our value that were delivering to customers with our pricing, gaining that leverage and ensuring that were addressing our cost to serve. So, we do see that continuing. That is absolutely the strategy. And then, as you say, enhancing our customer and product mix returns is a key component of that. It is a very valuable business with high density delivery and we saw a notable growth. We also have the most expensive returns portfolio in the marketplace and we are furthering that. So, we've got everything from mobile returns where small and medium-size businesses can actually manage their own returns policies then to consolidated returns for large customers in an alliance with Optoro, which helps them to turn their returns dollars into revenue dollars, so that in the moment selling of returns really helps them to reclaim the value and for us to then leverage that to ensure higher value equals higher price. So, were confident about our strategy and we will continue to deliver on that.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Christian Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about transformation benefits and sort of understand if were getting transformation benefits in 2019 and the guidance from the VRP or other initiatives that you have. And then, beyond 2019, how we should expect the cadence of that $1 to $1.20 type of  how that should roll in post 2019?
Richard Peretz: Sure, Chris. This is Richard and Ill start; and then, Scott will talk a little bit about some of our plans and where were headed. But inside transformation, we talked about the VRP and the full run rate happening in the last half of the year. That is, in essence, whats in the guidance. We had a successful program. Were making the adjustments. On the revenue side, both Kate and Scott have talked about the growth side of transformation. You see it in our revenue per piece. You see it in our growth in SMB. And you see it in our customer and product mix, which, let me remind you, was positive contribution to revenue per piece. And that's really the first time we've had that in a number of years. And so, its a foundation of transformation. Its not just about how do we reduce costs, but its the customer mixed and making sure we have that appropriate. Scott?
Scott Price: So, I think you can look on the shape of the 2019 guidance that theres a very significant amount of activity going on in terms of the transformation program. Were talking hundreds of initiatives. And I think what you're saying is a reflection of those initiatives funding significant investment in technology and capability and as well platforms and partnerships to drive that mix change. We've made that guidance in terms of by 2021, and we continue to confirm that. In the shape of 2019, you're seeing a pretty important and pivotable year for us to continue to drive down these costs and change the shape of our growth and revenue mix through many of the savings being reinvested back into the business.
Christian Wetherbee: Okay. But to be clear, its the VRP in 2019 specifically. That's really what we should be focused on?
Scott Price: Yeah. The 2019 VRP absolutely does continue to flow through. And we continue to use those savings for investments in other areas. Kate mentioned Where To Go, that is an area that were investing in, to be able to drive SMB e-commerce. So, its a combination of cost reduction programs. Were using those to investing as well to ensure that there's a flow through to the bottom line. One area that I also would to highlight is the 2018 program. You're also seeing in 2019 was the progress we're making in procurement, centralizing our global buy and really leveraging that spending power as we reduce our cost to operate and reinvest.
Christian Wetherbee: Okay, thank you.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question. This question is coming in about our fulfillment partnership. And can you please provide some color around UPS long-term strategy around what were doing to help mid and small customers?
Scott Price: Thanks for the question. This is Scott. So, if you look at the transformation programs in terms of the overall approach, we do see that there is an enormous opportunity to leverage the megatrend of small and midsize businesses, both in the B2B, but as well B2C e-commerce. Kate mentioned a couple of the relationships that we've established in exception [ph], ShopRunner. Those are beginning to support our customers and we see that as an enormous opportunity for us to continue to build SMB B2B market share, which is part of our overall revenue mix. We will see those platforms in the future coming together and creating quite a powerful proposition. And Kate?
Kathleen Gutmann: Yeah. And I would just add, Sarah, tied [ph] to fulfillment, we see the macro trend with small/medium-size businesses partaking in e-commerce, needing help with that fulfillment option in the marketplace. And we have both our e-fulfillment strategies, where the smaller customers can grow into out of their garage or what have you and then graduate to what Scott is talking about with Where To Go. So, we do intend to meet the full spectrum of needs for our small and medium-size businesses to ensure that we stay market leader.
James Barber: Id add something to both what Scott and Kate just mentioned, is that remember in Davids opening remarks, we have just brought Philippe Gilbert on to really help us look now from an outside-in perspective at things like an LLP provider and how that works in distribution these days, how supply chains are moving across the world and, ultimately, that's his first task with us, was to help us make sure that our distribution strategy continues to be and stay connected to the core businesses and create value going forward. So, were happy to have Philippe on board to help us assess those going forward as well. 
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session for today. Now, I will turn the program back over to Mr. Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress : Obviously, thank you for joining us today. And, David, if youve got any closing remarks. 
David Abney: I do, Scott. Our plan going in today is to show that UPS is on a different path than some other companies. Our transformation initiatives are underway  well underway. They're enabling our strategy. And weve made great progress this quarter. Strong, strong international results. The revenue yields, the expansion that was led by our US business and how they performed during peak from a service and a cost standpoint, and really how our investments are just really timed the way they should be and they're adding efficiency and flexibility to our network. So, we continue to see strong growth opportunities. And, again, I'm more convinced than ever that UPS is on the right track to create that value thats so important for our shareholders and for our customers and, of course, for our people. So, again, thank you very much for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call today. Wed like to thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc. David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc. James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc. Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc. Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc. Scott Price - United Parcel Service, Inc. Juan R. Perez - United Parcel Service, Inc.
Analysts: Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise, and after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to the UPS third quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with Chief Operating Officer, Jim Barber, Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer; our Chief Information and Engineering Officer, Juan Perez; and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements, and address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainty, which are described in detail in our 2017 Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the SEC. During the quarter, UPS recorded a pre-tax charge of $97 million. The charge resulted primarily from transformation-related activities. The webcast of today's call, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Unless stated otherwise, today's financial discussion will refer to adjusted results. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thank you. And now I would turn the call over to David.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be with you today to provide an update on our results, our core business strategies and to reinforce our optimistic outlook for the business. We've had another productive quarter of continued growth with solid margins and strong free cash flow. In a moment I will discuss our progress on transformation and core business strategies. First, I'll provide a brief summary of the quarter's highlights which show positive and sustained momentum. The U.S. Domestic segment produced strong yield improvement as the initial impact of our disciplined pricing and improved customer mix lifted our performance. We continued to incur near-term expenses for the extensive upgrade to our U.S. network where we are opening a record amount of new highly automated capacity. The International segment in Q3 of this year generated higher revenue even on top of last year's exceptional growth level. Margins remained at industry-leading levels and we recorded our second highest Q3 operating profit ever, even with commodity headwinds and changing trade policy. Finally, the Supply Chain & Freight unit continued to deliver strong performance. These businesses benefit from revenue diversification, focused growth strategies and profitable market share gains, each contributed to the record segment results this quarter. As a reminder, we're using a structured transformation process to free up resources in order to enable and speed execution of three transformative business strategies. First generating higher quality revenue and improved customer and volume mix. We are focusing on growth with B2B customers in the most attractive market segments like SMBs, healthcare, e-commerce and high-growth economies. Second, using technology to increase efficiency in our global network operations and support staffs. And third, instilling a culture of continuous transformation to adopt new ideas, processes and speed our progress. We are driven to increase operating leverage across the enterprise in order to generate higher EPS and shareholder value. We made solid progress on transformation execution and our core strategies this quarter. First, in areas of revenue quality and mix, specifically growth in the e-commerce and SMB markets, we launched Ware2Go. Ware2Go is a UPS-owned business built on an innovative digital platform that will increase customer demand for two-day premium services. Ware2Go helps customers achieve the time-in-transit expectations in the markets by locating merchandise and fulfillment in the right warehouses around the country. This is also a good example of our cultural changes. We increased our speed to market by using an agile development process with the entire business conceived and launched in less than a year. Another tech-enabled revenue quality initiative is the recently announced global expansion of UPS My Choice to 112 countries, up from 16. This is an important milestone in strengthening our value proposition in emerging and high-growth markets, another one of our four strategic growth areas. We have 52 million UPS My Choice members and we are adding a new member every 4 seconds. The global expansion will accelerate total membership and enhanced value in the platform. We will deploy a version of this platform fine-tuned for business customers in early 2019. We believe it will further enhance UPS' attractiveness to customers of all sizes. We are today announcing the acquisition of full ownership in our express services unit in India based in Mumbai. This is another example of our revenue quality strategy specifically relating to high-growth markets. The unit helps Indian businesses, large and small, connect with global markets via the UPS network. India is one of the fastest-growing markets in the world with 2018 GDP growth forecast at 70%. Last year UPS gained market share with export revenue growth of 19%. This acquisition positions UPS for future investment in India to further expand our presence there. We also made progress in improving operating efficiency by introducing new automated technology throughout our global smart logistics network. This is important for efficiently managing peak demand, optimizing resource utilization and improving customer satisfaction throughout the year. In a moment, Jim will provide more in-depth information about our preparations for peak season. Last Saturday we celebrated the grand opening of our new Atlanta SMART hub. This facility features our latest technology to sort more than 100,000 packages per hour. It's our second largest U.S. ground hub and one of several super hubs designed to support growth opportunities. In total, we will complete 22 major expansions around the world in 2018. We're adding more than 5 million square feet of capacity that will increase the flexibility and reliability of our network. UPS benefits from positive global economic conditions and we are operating in a favorable growth environment. The U.S. economy is leading the way with improving GDP forecast driven by higher consumer confidence, business investment and manufacturing output which translates into higher growth especially in our SMB market segment. We've also seen encouraging trade developments for UPS and our customers. We applaud the completed negotiations of the U.S., Mexico and Canada free trade agreement. It reflects today's digital economy and expands cross-border opportunities for UPS customers, particularly for small exporters. Concerns over unresolved trade issues between China and the U.S. as well as Brexit continue to be a focus for our customers. We are assisting them with contingency planning and helping them adjust their supply chain and optimize their use of UPS' broad portfolio. Another important legislative development this quarter was the passage of the STOP Act. The new requirements more consistently apply U.S. customs and security standards across all imports. This helps curb the flood of opioids coming from the global postal networks. We also commend the President for his recent actions to address the inequities of the UPU's system of terminal dues. Foreign operators should not be given government-approved advantages in what is a competitive parcel delivery market. Before I turn it over to Jim, I want to recognize the ongoing efforts of UPSers worldwide who have executed an unprecedented network expansion. The efforts of our engineering, operations, HR and many other teams have been truly exceptional and I greatly appreciate their dedication. Their work throughout the year prepares us well as we approach peak. I'm sure after you hear from Jim you'll understand the entire team's confidence in this year's peak plan. Jim?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, David. I want to echo your recognition of UPSers involved in our extensive facility expansions and upgrades this year. The added capacity is a big boost to our peak readiness and they've done tremendous work on an accelerated timeline. As in years past, we expect record demand between Black Friday and New Year's Day. We have developed the most comprehensive plan ever and it's the product of a highly coordinated effort across operations, engineering, sales and many other parts of the UPS organization. Our plan fully considers the unique needs of those customers who like UPS flex their networks by up to nearly double to take advantage of this important time of the year. At the same time, we are keenly focused on our other customers who rely on UPS for reliable service to ensure healthcare, critical inventory, urgent repair parts or other important deliveries arrive on time. The strong economic environment is expected to drive retail sales higher this year with the U.S. market up between 4.3% and 4.8%, according to the National Retail Federation. We anticipate delivering nearly 800 million packages during the period. This year, we are preparing to deliver more than 30 million packages on 19 of 21 operating days. We expect to deliver more than 37 million packages worldwide on our peak operating day. The wave of volume we will manage requires about 100,000 seasonal employees and we've made great progress on the recruiting and hiring process. In fact, on October 19, we held Brown Friday and for the first time held simultaneous hiring events in 170 cities throughout the U.S. And we had strong interest from applicants who are excited to join UPS. Word is getting out about the opportunity that comes with a seasonal job at UPS. More than one-third or about 128,000 current regular members of our U.S. workforce started their UPS career as a seasonal employee. In fact, that's how I started at UPS more than 30 years ago. We have a comprehensive plan in place to collaborate with more customers, greatly increase network capacity through facilities and technology, coordinate daily volume schedules and, of course, control the package characteristics in our network. Let me further elaborate on these four key elements of our plan. First, we are collaborating on demand forecasting with customers who represent 80% of the volume surge. This includes harmonizing the daily shipment needs of our peak customers by product and by customer location. Second, we've completed a redesign of our network capacity. Our new peak volume alignment tool synchronizes volume demands for both our origin and destination capacity which helps further ensure network reliability for our customers. We're using this and other network planning and forecasting tools to ensure we maintain our high service standards and efficiently manage resources. UPS has made significant facility and technology investments to provide new capacity and network resources for peak season this year. We are opening 22 new or retrofit automated facilities globally with between 25% and 35% higher efficiency than traditional buildings. We are bringing online 400,000 pieces per hour of additional sort capacity before the holiday season. This greatly improves our flexibility to manage peak demand. We've added six 747-8s and three 767-300s to the fleet since last year, increasing our international capacity and cascading smaller aircraft to serve key U.S. routes. Our technology teams have implemented new mobile tools to enhance on-road productivity and new delivery helper apps that speed seasonal employee on-boarding and effectiveness. Third, we're coordinating with our large retail customers on aligning available UPS network capacity and order fulfillment to support individual retailer's special promotions. That means working closely with the highest volume peak customers to maximize daily utilization of the UPS network, while also providing the capacity they need to accomplish their sales objectives. And finally, we've implemented new pricing controls, including over max rates and special handling for our regular volume and large queue packages. We are committed to ensuring the integrity of the network, delivering UPS' high level of service and being compensated for the value we provide. We are confident we'll achieve our service performance and reliability objectives at our expected level of financial returns. We are ready, and we look forward to reporting on our success in early 2019. Now, Richard will take you through the quarter's results. Richard?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Jim, and good morning. UPS is taking actions to better serve our customers and enhance the financial performance of the company. This quarter's results reflect progress and our strategies focused on improving revenue quality and increasing efficiency across the company. These actions are creating higher levels of free cash flow and greater value for shareholders. Other highlights in the quarter include revenue quality improvements across all three segments, with total revenue up 8.4% on a currency-neutral basis. Overall revenue per piece increased 4%, and adjusted for currency it was up 4.5%. Supply Chain & Freight delivered another outstanding quarter. International, once again, produced industry-leading margins, and the U.S. Domestic segment generated sequential improvements in operating leverage. This quarter a transformation charge was recognized and it was more heavily weighted towards the International and Supply Chain & Freight businesses. The gains from the business this quarter combined with new transformation initiatives yet to be launched gives us great confidence in our ability to improve operating leverage in the business. The third quarter results benefited from several discrete items including tech that helped to offset unplanned international headwinds primarily from fuel and currency. Now I'll review the segment details. In the U.S., revenue growth was strong, up more than 8% with contributions from all products. Revenue per package was up about 5% with fuel surcharge adding around 190 basis points. Base rates expanded nearly 4%. Product mix improved during the quarter and continues to be a priority as we make progress on the core business strategies. Average daily shipments were up 3.3% as all products grew in the quarter. U.S. Domestic third quarter operating profit was $949 million as planned higher pension expense and project-related costs continued to weigh on the results as we expand our network. Importantly, the segment made sequential improvements and year-over-year operating leverage. In fact, for the third quarter, our operating profit continues to improve. Adjusting for pension impact, operating profit including planned investment cost would be up in 2018. Now, turning to the International segment. In the quarter, the momentum in the underlying business was sustained with a strong margin of 17%, while year-over-year comparisons were somewhat muted by a few headwinds. There were three items in the International segment that impacted total company EPS comparisons by about $0.05 to $0.07. First, the majority of the impact was due to fuel and currency and the currency was primarily in the emerging markets. Second, growth rates in 2017 reflect the unique market conditions that existed last year in Europe impacting year-over-year comparisons and a smallest impact was due to the changing trade policies resulting in somewhat slower export growth this quarter. International revenue was $3.5 billion, up 5% on a currency-neutral basis over the last year. Even with the tough comparisons to last year, export shipments per day were up nearly 3% with modest growth from all regions in the world. If you look across the two-year time horizon, our export volume is up more than 21%. International currency-neutral revenue per package increased 5.1%, resulting from favorable product mix and pricing improvements. Operating profit in the segment was $576 million, the second highest ever for the third quarter. Now, let's look at Supply Chain & Freight. The segment had an outstanding quarter of financial performance. Total revenue was up 12% with growth from all business units. Operating profit soared 33% to $260 million, driven by gains across all units with especially good results in forwarding and distribution. Operating margin in this segment expanded by 120 basis points to 7.4%. Looking at the individual business units, revenue in the forwarding unit increased 17%, driven by pricing improvement and tonnage gains. The growth was across most major products led by international air freight and brokerage. Distribution and logistics revenue increased 7% with solid growth from all regions of the world. Demand from healthcare, retail and manufacturing sectors continued to be strong, driving operating profit growth and margin expansion. UPS Freight revenue increased more than 11% on gains in pricing and tonnage. Freight remains focused on serving middle-market customers and improving yields. Supply chain and freight businesses are creating great value for our customers and it's translating into great bottom line results. Now turning to the balance sheet where UPS generated $9.4 billion in cash from operations and $4.9 billion in free cash flow so far in 2018 and that's with capital investments of $4.5 billion. Year-to-date cash flow conversion is excellent at over 100%, reflecting the progress on our working capital initiatives. As a result, we expect to exceed our free cash flow guidance of $5 billion in 2018. So far this year, the company has distributed $2.4 billion in dividends, which represents a nearly 10% increase per share. And we repurchased 6.6 million shares for about $750 million. We recognized several discrete tax benefits in the quarter which are not anticipated to repeat. We expect our fourth quarter tax rate to be between 23% and 24% recognizing that both the U.S. Treasury and other certain jurisdictions are still defining their tax regulations. Our tax rate is subject to change as these items become final. Now, turning to guidance; looking at the fourth quarter as previously guided, we expect EPS growth to be in the mid-teens or about 15%. In the Domestic business, we expect to have a good peak season even with one less operating day and the planned startup cost for several large facilities. In International, we expect to bounce back as the growth comparisons ease a bit and efficiency actions continue to take hold. International operating profit will show solid improvement, despite recent currency fluctuations that are expected to be a drag of between $35 million and $45 million in the fourth quarter. As a result of the solid progress we've made and our positive outlook for the fourth quarter, UPS is raising our free cash flow guidance to more than $5 billion and we're reaffirming our full year EPS guidance range of $7.03 to $7.37, representing a 17% to 23% increase over the prior year. UPS is carrying positive momentum into the fourth quarter and we are positioned to deliver a good peak season for our customers and our investors. Thank you. And now I'll ask the operator to open the lines. Operator?
Operator: I will now turn the program over to IRO Scott Childress to start the Q&A segment. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thank you, Steven. So, our first online question comes from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. And Brian's question is, are there any new developments or progress made along the four strategic imperatives and efficiency initiatives outlined in September?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: At the Transformation Conference, we talked about the four strategic imperatives and we put a lot of emphasis on the new one which is small and mid-sized businesses. So, to review the four, Scott and Kate, if you guys would talk about that.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Absolutely. This is Kate. I'll begin. We definitely saw continued improvement throughout the quarter tied to the strategic imperatives and the impact on customer mix as well as quality revenue, which to reinforce is what those strategic imperatives are focused on. We're proud to be the leader in SMB and investing to go even further for them. I'll give a couple of examples. We've expanded My Choice now to 112 countries worldwide, so taking that SMB globally connecting them easily to more consumers. And then also healthcare customers find a great application to that as well with home healthcare. E-commerce, B2B focus as well and we talked about My Choice for business which as you can see the reception rates (26:10) of the 51 million tied to the consumer side, we expect the same coming in the first quarter releasing the B2B application, again that global aspect of all of these to increase our revenue quality and our customer mix.
Scott Price - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Kate. The role of transformation is to provide the funding for investments in initiatives and platforms to support those four growth initiatives. So, in the area of e-commerce, David mentioned Ware2Go. I'd add to that the fact that in 12 months we're now able to offer 100% coverage to our customers with two-day service. In the area of growth markets, the announcement today around India which will allow us to take control of our destiny in that critical market moving forward. We have a multiyear program of initiatives that will bring both short-term/mid-term and as well long-term projects and look forward to making further announcements in future quarters.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Well, we've got another online question here. This question comes from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Can you walk us through what is driving the high free cash flow guidance for 2018 with the reiteration of your profit guidance?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure, this is Richard. And I think one of the great things about UPS is we're a great engine at cash generation and the ability to continue to not only create the cash of almost $9.4 billion in cash from operations year-to-date, but also the initiatives we took on around working capital and the almost $1 billion improvement. And we're continuing to work our initiatives around working capital, expect to continue to improve that. And that's all driving this improvement in free cash flow. It's important to remember in our business the way the business runs, there is seasonality to the free cash flow. And historically around somewhat near 95% of our free cash flow is earned in the first nine months. But we're excited about the initiatives and what they're doing to the cash generation of free cash flow and we expect that that will continue. Thank you.
Operator: We have a online question from the line of Mr. Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. So, just looking at the network transformation, you detailed $97 million or you noted $97 million in costs during the quarter. Can you kind of detail what those were? And now that the Union contract is in force, are there any additional details you can provide on the transformation program or goals maybe that you were holding back at the conference given the ongoing vote?
Scott Price - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Ken. Scott here. So, let me just reiterate the comment that Richard made that this quarter the $97 million was mainly focused in our international markets. As you recall, we took a charge for the U.S. for the voluntary retirement program. The international area is really focused now upon realignment of our resources across markets. But we will continue to invest in technology that would help us modernize our back office initiatives, reducing the cost of the business allowing us to invest in our growth initiatives.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: And, Ken, there is a schedule out that shows the distribution of the charge. And if you recall during the investor conference, we kind of laid out the range of charges that would occur over the next few years as we implement this. Because the local regulations across the globe are different, the impact of timing on the International was slightly different than the Domestic. But I think that they're all a part of ensuring that we have the incremental EPS growth of $1 to $1.20 that we laid out long term.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And are there any additional program goals that you're setting? Just to follow up on that part of the question.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, Ken, we laid out the $1 to $1.20 and in that are the different  these are all a bunch of different actions in many different locations. And so it's a holistic to International and Supply Chain. They're all NPV positive and they all have the upfront cost as well as the paybacks that we expect. And they're around the modernization that Scott talked about and they're all part of that plan to get that $1 to $1.20.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for the time.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: As we do business, there's continuous transformation, there will be more to come throughout the year next year and you will get more information as we develop and from that more of the initiatives. Thank you for the question.
Operator: Tom Wadewitz of UBS, please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning. I wanted to see if you could  probably for Richard, if you could offer some thoughts on the magnitude of facility startup cost in fourth quarter. Obviously, you've got a lot of new sorting facilities coming online. And then, how do we think about that as a factor in 2019 for the Domestic Package margin? Do new facilities continue to be a headwind to the margin? Do you transition to having a tailwind to Domestic Package margin with maybe shutting some capacity at older facilities? So, I guess, some thoughts along those lines and new facility impact.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: All right. So, let's start Richard, you're answering that. And then, Juan, I'd like for you to talk about the benefits of some of those same facilities and what they're going to do for us.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, in terms of the fourth quarter, we recognize that we have benefits as some of these larger facilities do come online. But we also recognize there's one less operating day, and that less operating day is worth $60 million to  or $65 million to $70 million. So, overall, we do expect to see a continued improvement, but we have to recognize the change in operating day as well as some of the initial startup cost and training cost are layered into the fourth quarter. So, we're real comfortable at the 15% margin that we've given for the total enterprise and in that is the investment dollars as well as the benefits we're going to get. But it's all about the multiyear plan for these investments. Juan?
Juan R. Perez - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Richard. Thanks for the question. Just a couple of additional points there. Every one of these investments decisions we've made have been made on the basis of significant improvements in productivity. And what we've seen with prior automated facilities we built and the ones that are coming online now is anywhere between a 30% to 35% productivity improvement versus equivalent manual sorts. So, at the end of the day, when we go through these implementations, we do see two benefits to the organization. One is we bring that needed capacity to satisfy our customers' needs. But second, we see definite productivity improvements that are shown on our operating performance day in and day out. Thanks for the question.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take another online question here. This comes from  we've got a number of questions combined here. Please discuss how you think about the U.S. Domestic Package margins and factors that influence that as we move into the next year.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, again, this is Richard and I think Tom's question also went to this point. And I think the important thing to remember on the fourth quarter is that as a total enterprise, we have taken into account that having a good peak, one less operating day during peak, and the investments in the network projects. At the same time, internationally, as I mentioned in the talk, we expect to see solid improvement. And we also recognize that emerging market currencies will have an impact. But we're going to overcome those with different initiatives and actions that we've already put in place in the business. And that's why we feel comfortable with the 15%. When you get to 2019, we're in the middle of finalizing our 2019 plans. It's a little early to give you the guidance on that. But I can tell you we're focused on improving our operating margin. And it's both in the actions we're taking on the top line, and you've seen the evidence of that this quarter as well as the smart logistics network investments and the returns we're getting out of that combined with transformation initiatives.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Our next online question, it's multiple analysts that ask it, can you discuss your core pricing trends in both the U.S. ground and International business?
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, this is Kate. The U.S., I'll start with, experienced strong revenue growth of 8.1% as our high demand was shown for our solutions. And tied to that we also generated strong yield improvement as a result of our sales and revenue management actions which we've been talking about. You've seen the last three quarters now moving from near 3% to now 4% base pricing increase this quarter. So, definite demonstration of continued alignment of our value, our cost and our pricing for our customers. Turning to International as well, we've seen revenue per piece currency-adjusted at 5% supported by that strong base pricing. And so our actions are resonating in the market. Our solutions and the value that we provide to our customers are catching hold as we've demonstrated over the last three quarters.
Operator: David Vernon of Bernstein, please go ahead.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. Wanted to ask about the International segment, obviously the currency and emerging market impact in 3Q kind of brought in the number below, I think, what distributors are broadly expecting. How should we expect the next couple quarters to roll from that? Should we be expecting operating profit to be up on an adjusted basis as we kind of look over the next couple of quarters? Or is that going to take more time? And then, maybe as a secondary question to that as well, how do you get comfort that this emerging market risk isn't just the initial sign of a broader international slowdown that may make it harder to actually grow operating profit into 2019 in that segment?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. So, I'll start, David, and then I'll give it to Jim. But I think the first thing you have to remember is the biggest and the majority of the impact was around currency and fuel. And there are already actions that we're taking. One of the important points on  in a place like Turkey where you saw a 60% devaluation of its currency about during the quarter and it started midway through the quarter is that our export shipments are tied to the dollar. So, every month even though we bill in lira, we're billing it in equivalent USD. And so we've taken some other actions around the emerging markets and initiatives to ensure that we can overcome that and that's one of the reasons we've called out the guidance for the total company to remain where we expect it to be even given this new headwind. The other side of what you ask about is because of that we know that fourth quarter will improve over last year. We expect it will continue that way. And another important point is about 70%  just under 70% of our international revenue is volume and revenue that moves across the world is really not coming into or out of the U.S. And those were all parts of the diversification of the portfolio that helps  gives us confidence that as these things happen we see customers making changes. Jim?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, David, I'd just hit right out of the gate, our confidence in the international hasn't changed one bit based upon the quarter we just reported. There's some unique headwinds, Richard talked about those. Recall last year there were some market conditions in Europe that gave some lift to that big piece of our business that we're having to wrap that comp. But quite frankly, the fundamentals and the growth through the emerging markets across this world doesn't change at all. You mentioned risk and no question about that that comes with the expansion of a business to certain parts of the world. But that's why our network is also flexible to move and is designed to go where the trade patterns go. And obviously we may talk about that tomorrow in the call, but we really do feel like the international focus on top of and with the emerging market strategy is one that's going to live for us for many, many years in the future and one quarter doesn't change our outlook on that.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question here. This question comes from Kevin Sterling of Seaport Global. Any impact positive or negative with the U.S. pulling out of the Universal Postal Union?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes. This is David. And I would say especially when you look at those from the perspective of the U.S. small and mid-sized business, this is big, big news for them. We do believe the administration took the right step to address the UPU terminal due system of inequities. Foreign postal operators should not have any kind of government-approved advantages in a competitive market. It's one of the reasons we've been advocating for the administration to impose self-declared rates. And self-declared rates would mean that the foreign shippers would have to pay the same rates once the package entered into the United States that domestic small and mid-sized shippers have to pay. And we really believe that's leveling the playing field for them and we think it's a step in the right direction.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take a online question. This is from two analysts that had similar questions, Ben Hartford of Baird and Helane Becker of Cowen. Are you witnessing any inventory pre-planning or a pull-forward ahead of any of the planned tariffs?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: I guess, Ben and Helane, I'll start and then Kate can add on a couple of comments. I think the short answer is yes. The question is, the order of magnitude and how far it goes. If you look at U.S. Census Bureau data for all of the months this year, sequentially since about February the inventories have built up, last couple of months have been the highest month-over-month sequential growth rates. In addition  and you can see also obviously in the inventory to sales ratio numbers and the movement there. But we are  in working with our customers largely in Asia right now, we are seeing some movement in decisions around where they're actually manufacturing and moving supply chains in anticipation of what January may bring. So, the best-case scenario is they have options. They can move that and our job is to make sure our supply chain is set. So, the answer is yes, and I'll have Kate add a few comments as well.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. And I'll just reinforce our global network and our solutions approach enables these discussions. And the discussions have increased. Our optimization studies are up that help customers to determine where to put the locations of either their  where their sourcing occurs or where their distribution occurs. But the network allows them to also expand into new markets. So, Richard talked about some of that revenue diversification that we have. Our customers work to try to have that same security and that's we assist them with. We are, as Jim indicated, having also discussions and seeing mostly in the industrial manufacturing space some pre-advancement trying to beat the January tariff change. But that again, really we're seeing it just flow between our services. Thanks.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Allison Landry, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning. Thanks. In terms of the domestic, express and specifically Next Day, but I guess this  also for the deferred business, you've seen quite a number of quarters consecutively in terms of strong volume growth which I think indicates secular trends driven by e-commerce. So, I wanted to ask about your ability in that specific market to maybe push price even more than perhaps you have already.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you for the question, Allison. This is Kate. So, first of all, I'll reinforce that the demand for our services was across all of our products. Next Day Air certainly was leading, but followed closely by our ground products. And the majority of our customers, 95% actually use ground and air. So, we don't find a single customer using a single service that often in our customer base. But we have continued to work customer-by-customer as well as via the industries to increase the pricing as we've seen in the last three quarters in all of our products. And then the second point I would make is we're seeing that growth coming from all industries. So, healthcare is actually growing quite a bit in our Next Day Air product as our reliable service helps them to take care of their critical product. So, thanks for the questions.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, we've talked about the demand and the ability to price. Obviously, the other part of that is to service that additional volume and to give our customers a very positive experience. Jim, why don't you talk about what we're doing from an air standpoint?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: No problem, David, like to. Obviously, we haven't talked yet about peak. I'm sure we will, if not before this call is over or after certainly. But ultimately our integrated network has to go hand in hand ground with the air network. And over the last year, we have invested, as most would know, on the 747-8s to cascade back to the U.S., but we've also opened a number of regional facilities from a capacity perspective. So, as Kate talked about the top line, we also have a real obligation from an operating leverage perspective to get the efficiencies through the network. And as we enter this peak season and where our air service is performing right now, it is a service which we're proud of at UPS and our customers are telling us that which is a great indication of one of the angles you look at in your preparation for peak season. So, it is the top line, the bottom line and the service altogether in the air, but it also drives right in the ground network. So, we look at it altogether obviously.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We've got another online question from Lee Klaskow from Bloomberg Intelligence. Can you please provide some more details about the India acquisition that you announced on the call today?
Scott Price - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Lee, for the question. So, we see again India as a great example of investing into our growth market imperative. It leverages the enormous power of our U.S. platform. We're not number one outside the U.S. and we see that as an enormous opportunity. So, as we control our destiny now with 100% ownership of the India business, we'll continue to build out that market as a significant part of our growth moving forward.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: And this is Jim. Let me add on to that. A few years ago you would have taken a list of us creating the Indian subcontinent, Middle East and Africa regional business unit. And the setup of that was in anticipation of us taking the step at some point in the future. And as Scott says, it is certainly a unique day for us. We've been there for 30 years. We've had the ownership rights of our supply chain, but the express business we've been wanting and moving towards this. And so it really does allow us to actually look at the air and the ground network again like we normally do from an integrated perspective and we're looking forward to growing that business. As India and an economy continues to grow, we participate in it.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, you can tell there is a lot of passion here. But this is  as they have said, this is a two-step process. First is we have control of our operations there and we believe there's even more we can do for our customers. And then second is what we decide in the future to add on to our capabilities. And that's where in this fast-growing economy that there's just a lot of potential and it is aligned directly with our global markets initiative or imperative. Thanks for the question and...
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take another online question here. This question is from Keith Schoonmaker from Morningstar. It's a question about automated sorting. The new Atlanta hub is large and highly automated. Within a couple of years, what portion of your U.S. volume will flow through automation?
Juan R. Perez - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Hey, Keith. Thank you for the question. This is Juan Perez. Really an important aspect of our strategy has been to build these automated capacity across the network. And quite frankly, we're well on our way in building our smart logistics network. And our people are extremely busy and they're in building and operating these new facilities. Really excited to see what's happening across the network. And let me just put it in perspective. At the end of 2017, 50% of the eligible ground volume was going through automation. By the end of this year, we will be at 70% approximately of our eligible volume going through automation in the organization. This year, we've opened automated facilities in Texas, in South Florida, in Phoenix, Atlanta  you mentioned that in your question -Salt Lake City, in California, in the Northwest, and many other locations. And our strategy to build automation hasn't stopped only here in the U.S. We've also gone internationally with opening automated facilities in London, in Paris, in Eindhoven and most recently in Montreal. So, the strategy to automate is alive and well. It's critical to the build-out of our smart logistics network and we're excited about the future capacity and capabilities that this automation will bring to the company. Thank you for the question.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take another online question. We've had a number of questions come in around peak. So, let me paraphrase a little bit here, Brian Ossenbeck, Helane Becker as well as Chris Wetherbee from Citi. What is the next evolution of managing a successful peak season in the U.S.? And how has the hiring process been so far in the preparation?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, this is Jim. Let me start and I think it's appropriate given some of the comments about this being the most comprehensive peak plan ever and obviously between David's comments and mine about coordinated efforts across operations and sales and so on and so forth. I think that if you talk about the next evolution, I think the answer to that is we're in it right now in this peak season. We've taken a look obviously as we would as UPSers, that the last couple, we've been constructively dissatisfied and our goal and commitment is to have this peak be the peak we all wanted to be first through the eyes of our customers. And it's about giving them the service that we commit to every week of the year and we plan to do that. The two key differences and because  in my mind there are about six or seven of them, and I think it's appropriate. I'll take a couple, Juan will take a couple and Kate, because not only would you as investors ask us what's different, our customers ask us what's different. And the first and foremost situation is we've recognized very clearly that we must match demand to capacity and capacity in a different way than we have in the past. And we have done that at the origin and destination. And secondly, our air network must be running at an optimal level as we enter peak and those situations have taken place. And we feel like we're in a great place. We mentioned in some of the opening comments that the 100,000 employees, we're 60% to 70% of where we will be at the end and it's exactly where we want to be. We held our first-ever Brown hiring last Friday. Our applicant flow went up fivefold on the day and it will take us a couple of days and a week or so to process all the applicants, but it was a great, great success for us. And so those kinds of first steps start to frame in my mind the next evolution of peak. And I'll let Juan and Kate add from their perspective a couple of other key points.
Juan R. Perez - United Parcel Service, Inc.: All right, Jim. Thank you. I'll add a couple to really position how we're using technology and automation to help us through peak. I already talked about the capacity that we're adding in terms of automated facilities throughout 2018. That domestic ground sort and package car capacity is significantly higher than last year. David and Jim mentioned already that we're adding 350,000 packages per hour here in the U.S., 400,000 packages per hour in total across the world in terms of our sort capacity throughout the network. So, that definitely is going to help. Our service is strong. We intend to carry that momentum into the peak season period that will definitely help us as well. And we're implementing a number of new technology enhancements to support peak season and execution in all aspects of the business, definitely in delivery, in sortation and in planning. The planning process at UPS for peak season is a year-round effort and, of course, execution is also something that needs to happen throughout the year to support peak. We're strong going into peak season this year; that will help. And in terms of our technology, we're also making a number of enhancements to our customer technology from a visibility standpoint and also from a capability standpoint. And we've mentioned My Choice before, but I will tell you that we're really proud of the fact that we now have 52 million My Choice customers. And those subscribers will get great capabilities in terms of managing their shipments throughout peak season. So, excited about those things and, Kate, I know you have a few other things to add.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Absolutely. I'll talk about  we've mentioned customer collaboration before, but the difference of this year is we are now capturing 80% of the volume during peak season through the collaboration this year. That's up 13% from last year, so distinctly different. And it is including both origin and destination lanes in the forecast. I will tell you also working with Juan's team, we have new tools to control the pickup equipment and assets to ensure volume management on critical days that we know are market constrained and also then saying yes and how to our customers on days where there is more market capacity and available capacity at UPS. Our customers are absolutely bought into this. They understand the impact that over time costs have on their operations, and we are working together to shift to those days where available space is available. And then also I should reinforce the peak surcharge that we put into place to ensure that our value during this critical time aligns with our cost to serve and that is in our pricing and we've worked through with our customers those needed levels. So, we are looking forward to a successful peak season.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Well, we got another online question here, this one is around the new product offering Ware2Go. What is the addressable market size for Ware2Go? And what UPS services do shippers on this platform typically utilize?
Scott Price - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks for the question. This is Scott. It's a very exciting market. We value it at $26 billion. And to me that's a starting point. 58% of small and medium-sized B2B sellers have told us that in the next five years they're looking to outsource their fulfillment. And from a UPS perspective, this really represents our ability to vertically create platforms that create much more valuable SMB business. I'll refer to it as the Airbnb of warehousing. There is a lot of underutilized warehouse space in the United States with fulfillment capability. We match our customers to that capability, giving them one more flexibility. It requires less working capital, it improves their service levels. And for us it improves the amount of SMB B2B business that we're building into our network growth. So, it's really  it's an exciting opportunity as we look forward into the future of our growth imperatives.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We've got another online question here. This question comes from Dave Ross of Stifel. Can you provide an update on Coyote Logistics as well as the Supply Chain & Freight business?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, this is Jim. I think, first of all, I'd like to say we're really proud of last quarter's results all the way around on behalf of all the stakeholders in Supply Chain & Freight, obviously a focus here of operating profit up 30%. Year-over-year this garners attention. But it does remind me quite frankly having the great opportunity to lead both international express and supply chain of where supply chain is on the maturation and they are moving in the great direction. You can see it in forwarding, you can see it in logistics and obviously freight. Underneath all of that, obviously, are our two most recent acquisitions of Coyote and Marken to add into  to bring us into a very large market on the tail of Scott's comments on distribution of truckload brokerage and it's large and it is  we are exceedingly proud of the team of Coyote and Jonathan running that team today and entering into the space. They also help us immensely at peak season. So, we couldn't be more bullish on the Coyote acquisition. And Wes and his team at Marken are adding on to our healthcare suite of opportunities lead through clinical trials. So, the whole Supply Chain segment had a great quarter. And it like International for us, remember lot of global in there as well. That's a lot of emerging market potential and for our customers to move their supply chains, I think we're going to see some good improvement continued into this like we had at International in the past. So, appreciate the question.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We've got one more question here. This will be the final question we'll take. Any increase  given the increased number of senior executives that have been brought in from outside UPS, how do you balance the mix between the outside perspective and the internal?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes, Brian, this is David. The keyword is balance. And we have felt like the business is changing so much and all businesses are that we did need to bring in some best outside talent which we have and to combine that with this just a great reservoir of talent that we have within our company. And so we've promoted some new people as we've had retirements and we changed Jim's job. And so it is really going to be in the future just a balance between the two. And as we have each position that we need to fill, we will take a look at it and  but very happy with the way that this team has gelled and blended together. And I know that this is the team that's going to successfully transform UPS. I mean, we're really excited about being able to share that with our investors and those on the call over the coming months and years ahead. So, thank you.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A for today. I will now turn the program back over to Mr. Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thank you very much, Steven. David, any final comments?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, so I will make a few. And we can't close the session without talking about transforming. And we are transforming to better enable our strategy, high-quality revenue and more efficiency. And we've made great progress this quarter, and revenue yields improved across all segments led by the U.S. Domestic, which I thinks says a lot. We opened our second largest highly automated ground hub just recently along with many other facilities that's going to certainly play a key role in our peak this year. We continue to see strong growth opportunities throughout our four strategic imperatives. As we help our customers with value-added supply chain solutions that cover the globe, we're focused on executing these new peak strategies that benefit our customers and shareholders. And we'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today.
Operator: Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc. David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc. Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc. Scott Price - United Parcel Service, Inc. James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc. Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc. Juan R. Perez - United Parcel Service, Inc.
Analysts: Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Wetherbee - Citi Investment Research Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc. Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Matthew Reustle - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise, and after the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning and welcome to the UPS second quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with Chief Operating Officer, Jim Barber, Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer; our Chief Information and Engineering Officer, Juan Perez and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements, and address our expectations for the future performance or results of operation of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2017 Form 10-K. This report is available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the quarter, UPS reported a pre-tax charge of $263 million. The charge resulted primarily from the successful and well-received Voluntary Retirement Plan offer that closed in June. The webcast of today's call, along with the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Unless stated otherwise, financial results discussed today will refer to adjusted results. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Before I turn it over to David, please note that UPS will present details regarding the company's multiyear transformation plans at a conference on September 13 in New York. A registration link can be found on the UPS Investor Relations website. Thank you. And now I'll turn the call over to David.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to announce another quarter of improved profitability and strong cash generation. This quarter, earnings per share increased 23% to $1.94. Throughout the enterprise, UPS is executing strategies for targeted global growth and improved operating efficiency that create value for shareowners. Once again, this quarter, the International and Supply Chain and Freight segments reported exceptional performance, generating double-digit growth in revenue and operating profit. The U.S. Domestic segment realized above 6% revenue growth, driven by yield improvement across all products. While operating profit is not currently where we want it to be, there are several initiatives underway to improve the bottom-line results and, clearly, the segment will also benefit as we advance our transformation strategies. This quarter, we made further progress on our transformation initiatives, which touch all aspects of our business. These initiatives will drive greater operating efficiency, improved returns and continued growth in key targeted segments. As part of transformation, we launched a Voluntary Retirement Plan in April and participation levels met our expectations. This program is just one of a number of initiatives to be launched under our transformation strategies. We look forward to sharing additional details about our plans in September. We had several other significant accomplishments during the last few months. Recently, UPS and Teamster leadership reached tentative master agreements covering employees in our U.S. small package and freight units. In addition, we reached handshake agreements on local supplements, covering most U.S. employees. The parties are working hard to finalize the remaining locals. These contracts reward UPSers for their contributions to our success. They also enable the business to remain flexible to meet customer needs, increasing shareowner value. We recently added more efficient capacity in UPS' European network by opening two large automated facilities in London and Paris. These key locations will support continued growth across Europe and provide UPS's highly efficient network, with more than 70,000 packages per hour of sorting capacity. And in the U.S., we'll soon open our second largest domestic ground hub in Atlanta. At full capacity this year, it will sort over 100,000 pieces per hour, more than double the hub sorting capacity we added all of last year. The new hub will begin operations over the next couple of weeks and it incorporates the latest automated sortation and network control technologies. It is a showplace of UPS's network capabilities being deployed in several new regional hubs. Finally, we reached another milestone by surpassing 50 million UPS My Choice members, adding a staggering 12 million new subscribers over the past year. UPS's customer-facing technologies provide consumers with more convenience and options, building stronger relationships with end users and enabling more efficient deliveries. Our pipeline of innovation, built around My Choice and other customer-facing digital platforms allows UPS to offer new services and create more value for our customers. In addition, we continue to strengthen our leadership team, welcoming Kevin Warren to our company as the Chief Marketing Officer. UPS will clearly benefit from Kevin's wealth of knowledge and broad business perspective. Turning to the external environment, the global economy remains healthy despite some emerging discord around trade. Current global and U.S. real GDP forecast call for annual growth to remain at or above 3%. In the U.S., the economy is benefiting from tax reform and reduced regulations, helping to drive positive consumer confidence and higher retail sales. The outlook for the industrial economy remains solid despite recent volatility in the U.S. dollar. Conditions are also favorable in other parts of the world. In Europe, positive fundamentals and the Central Bank stimulus remain in place, helping to offset concerns about Brexit and other issues. And in Asia, recent economic reports show growth continues to be strong, with China leading the way, despite rising trade-related concerns. UPS has long supported the advancement of free trade principles. We're advocating for future trade discussions to produce balanced and fair agreements for all parties so that cross-border commerce is easier for businesses of our sizes. While we expect continued growth in global trade, we're closely monitoring the changing trade landscape. UPS customers can count on the flexibility of our network and scope of our business model to help them adapt to changing dynamics. No matter the outcome, we are well prepared in the event rising tensions impact our cross-border business. Before I turn it over to Richard, I want to recognize the efforts of the entire UPS team as we move through transformation. The company has a long and effective history of transforming itself to capture new market opportunities. I especially want to acknowledge those UPSers who have accepted the VRP. We appreciate your contributions, and wish you the very best in your retirement. In summary, we are confident that our core business strategies will enhance growth and improve our efficiency. UPS remains the industry's leader, with the highest margins in return on invested capital, as well as producing excellent free cash flow. Thanks for the time today. Now, Richard will take you through the quarterly results. Richard?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good morning. UPS produced strong revenue as pricing and targeted growth initiatives drove improvement in top line results across all three business segments. The company's performance was in line with our expectation and positions us well to achieve our full year financial targets. In the second quarter, earnings per share increased 23% to $1.94. Total revenue was up nearly 10%, and we continued to see good balanced growth across all segments. One of the highlights of the quarter was the improvement in both the U.S. and international revenue per piece. Simply put, we are taking pricing actions to better align our cost to serve with the value we create for our customers. As a result, yields expanded in each of our major products. International and Supply Chain and Freight segments both recorded strong performance with solid growth and expanded margins. At the same time, the U.S. Domestic segment advanced network projects that will improve the efficiency and service. Overall, we're making good progress in our initiatives and we're energized about the opportunities that lie ahead. Now for the segment detail. In the U.S., revenue increased 6.3% to $10 billion. The revenue gains were driven by higher yields and good growth. Average daily shipments were up 2.6%, led by Ground and Next Day Air. Year-over-year comps for Deferred Air were tough this quarter. However, over the last two years, we're up nearly 9%. While B2C continues to outpace B2B, we're seeing positive trends from several industry verticals, including the manufacturing, technology and automotive sectors. Average revenue per piece increased 3.6%, our best improvement in the last few years. Pricing initiatives and higher fuel surcharges more than offset the headwinds and mix. Base rates accelerated to 3.3%, reflective of the recent pricing actions we've taken. U.S. Domestic operating profit totaled $1.1 billion, and operating margin was at 11%. As expected, higher pension expense and project related costs weighed on the segment's results this quarter. As David mentioned, we're bringing on substantial capacity this year which is driving additional expense. Looking forward, the efficiency gains from these projects as they come online, combined with the transformation initiative, will improve U.S. performance. Now turning to the International segment, which continued to deliver outstanding financial results due to the broad UPS product portfolio and superior network. Revenue was 14% higher and Export shipments per day were up about 10%, with mid-teen gains in the U.S.-to-Europe trade lanes. We're also experiencing robust inter-regional growth in both Asia and Europe. Our network improvements across intra-Europe continued to deliver outstanding results. Those investments in new capacity, automation and speed have allowed us to enhance transit times in thousands of lanes. In fact, about 80% of our cross-border ground volume is delivered in one to two days. As a result of favorable product mix and disciplined revenue management, International currency-neutral revenue per package increased 3.8%. Operating profit jumped 15% to $654 million, resulting in this segment's highest second quarter profits ever. On a currency-neutral basis, we've produced 14 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth in operating profit. Now let's look at the Supply Chain and Freight segment. Total revenue was up 16% with solid growth across all business units. Operating profit increased nearly 17% to $247 million, the highest profit for this segment ever reported. Forwarding revenue jumped 23%, driven by higher tonnage and improved pricing. International air freight and Coyote truckload brokerage led the business unit with high top line and bottom line growth. The distribution and logistics unit drove revenue up more than 9%, on higher demand for health care, retail and manufacturing sectors, all contributing to good profit gains. The unit expanded warehouse capacity by more than 1 million square feet in the second quarter. UPS Freight revenue climbed 13%, as LTL revenue per hundredweight elevated 7.4% which includes about 280 basis points of increase from fuel. The unit remains focused on serving middle market customers and improving yields. Overall, we are pleased with the Supply Chain and Freight segment's performance this year. The team across all the major business units are executing on their strategies, and we're seeing great results. In fact, operating profit has grown 43% in this segment over the last two years. Now, turning to the balance sheet, where UPS generated $4.4 billion in free cash flow in the first half of this year, despite CapEx of $2.8 billion. This quarter free cash flow gains were driven primarily by an improvement of about $900 million in net working capital. We're adopting a more global approach to our working capital and accounts payable. This represents one of the many procurement deliverables within UPS's transformation initiative. We're improving the efficiency of our working capital that ultimately contributes to our industry-leading return on invested capital. As a result, we are raising our free cash flow target to $5 billion, the top of our original range. The company distributed $1.6 billion in dividends which represents a nearly 10% increase per share. And we repurchased 4.4 million shares for just over $500 million. Our effective tax rate for the quarter came in about 23%, due primarily to favorable state and local tax legislation enacted during the second quarter. As a result of recent U.S. tax reform, both the U.S. Treasury Department and certain states are still defining their tax regulations and our rate is subject to change as these items become final. Currently, we still expect our tax rate to be between 23% and 24% for the remainder of the year. Now turning to guidance, looking across the remainder of the year, we're well on our way to achieving our financial targets and we're reaffirming our 2018 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $7.03 to $7.37, an increase of 17% to 23% over 2017's results. In the third quarter, we expect to produce EPS growth towards the top of our previous range of 22% to 26%. For the fourth quarter, we expect to have a good peak season. However, the calendar works against us with two less operating days in December. At the same time, we're bringing on significant capacity, adding planned cost to the fourth quarter, and opening several large new facilities before peak that will provide benefits going into the future. As a result, as previously guided, fourth quarter earnings per share growth is expected to be in the mid-teens. As a reminder, the new transformation initiatives are not included in our guidance. Looking forward, we remain confident in our ability to balance the transformation of the organization, increase yield, and ultimately deliver improved financial return for our shareholders. We look forward to meeting with you in September to discuss the transformation initiative that we've begun to lay out for you today. Thank you, and now I'll ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: 
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Our first question is an online question, it comes from Chris Wetherbee of Citibank. Can you give us a sense of scope of the transformation plans beyond the VRP, does it include operating methods, approach to pricing, and capacity?
Scott Price - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Chris, for the question. This is Scott. The VRP was the first step in our transformation process. We think of transformation in two ways, both cost and growth. It's a framework by which we are reexamining our way of operating, and so, of course, it would include operating methods, pricing and capacity. In September, when we have our New York conference, we'll share a little bit more detail around how cost leverage, reducing our non-operating cost, procurement, working capital and those growth initiatives all come together to a pretty substantial multi-year program. Thank you.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is David. Just want to add a little bit to that. And Scott Price was brought into this company to really help us to transform, and he also is coordinating our strategy, and we have made a lot of progress in this area. You will certainly hear about it at the later meeting. But what's equally impressive is the way that UPSers in general, our people have really taken to the need to continue to transform our business and, with Scott's leadership, very happy with what we've seen so far.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We have another online question. This comes to us from multiple analysts on the Street, and let me just  have you seen any impact for your international business related to the trade and the tariffs?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. This is David, and, yes, there is a lot of interest based on the number of questions that were submitted about this. I can tell you that we've seen no significant impact at this time. Now, are we closely monitoring the trade landscape? We absolutely are. Are we having more frequent discussions with our customers about if this continues what they may or may not need to do. So, if these trade war continued or these actions continued, there would always be some exposure or risk to our business. But that exposure is very much limited and the reason that it is, is because we really see it as our duty to utilize our flexible global network and our broad portfolio to help our customers adapt to any changing trade dynamics. And I'm going to ask Jim if there's anything he wants to expand here, but I think it's a key point that you need to remember when you think about these headlines.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is Jim. Let me add two points to that. First of all, because there's some other online questions that get at growth in international, and specific trade lanes and obviously we've got the U.S. to China discussions going on and many others, but the other obligation, as David talked about to growing this business, is to lean into other emerging markets that we haven't really gone deep into. And quite frankly, if you look at our growth in the second quarter, Southeast Asia happens to be one of those markets where we're growing in a very different pattern right now. So as trade patterns shift, yes, we have obligations to keep moving the network. We do that obviously through the typical pattern of bid cycles. We also have the advantage of the products, as David pointed out as well. So, we can balance our Forwarding with our small package and the bid cycles to go forward and make sure that that's just part and parcel of running a global express network. So, as David said, we'll keep a close eye on it and monitor it and keep the business growing no matter what happens to the trade patterns.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Tom Wadewitz, UBS. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning. I wanted to ask you about price and volume in Domestic Package. You saw some slowing in the pace of growth in Domestic Package volume in second quarter. My understanding is there may have been some pricing actions that were taken. So just wanted to see if you could help us to understand what pricing actions you took and how we might think about the kind of volume outlook relative to what you're doing on price and maybe kind of how far along you are on pricing. Thank you.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. This is Kate. I'll take that question. And I'll start with the volume side of it. We continue to see solid volume growth. If you look at the two-year stack for both the first quarter and second quarter, it's over 7%. Do note that Easter moved between the quarters which I think is the impact you're referring to, but we continue to see that solid volume growth and across all sectors, healthcare, industrial, as well as consumer goods. Tied to the pricing actions, we also saw strong pricing this quarter with U.S. base rates up 3.3% without fuel. And in the quarter, to your point, we implemented more pricing actions, really focused on oversized and large residential packages which drive higher cost to serve. And just as an example, LPS, the two-year stack on pricing action, has been 18.5% because of that cost to serve and we, in July, added a length dimension, so a length over 96 inches as well as Residential Delivery charge as well. Just as two examples. So, we are seeing those as specific targeted rate actions. We do not see an impact on volume, and we continue to see solid results in both areas. Thanks.
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Vernon, Bernstein. Please go ahead.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning. I know you guys are kind of in the process of finalizing the labor agreements and outside of kind of specific numbers, can you give us a sense for how the addition of some of the part-time driving rules is going to effect the business, like, what impact it could have on things like overtime rates, driver productivity, and how we should expect cost to grow going forward once, assuming that the contract has been released out there is ratified?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: David, I'll start, anyway. This is Jim. Look, I think this isn't really the forum to be doing forward forecasting, given the contract is not ratified yet. I think what I'd rather just update you on is where we are and when the time is right, we'll walk you through all of that, obviously. But we absolutely feel like we're in a pretty good place right now, because, at this point, really, we have tentative agreements on the National Masters in freight and package and we are just a handful away of the locals and the supplements, and we really believe that kind of the timeline, which I think we all do is important is in early August, we believe the Teamsters will get the communication and begin the process to a ratification and the voting process. So after that all concludes, I think would be the more representative time to talk about the final details of the contract and how that might play into any financials going forward.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, until that point, just want to emphasize that we're fully aware that our people, and especially our drivers, since they're the ones that see our customers face-to-face, they are our ambassadors to our customers, and one of our goals in this contract is to reward our people. We absolutely feel that's important. We also believe that we have to have the flexibility to respond to our customers' needs and that if we take care of that, that we can not only ensure that our existing employees are enjoying those rewards but we can set the foundation for the future so that the generations of UPSers can continue to enjoy those benefits. So, we've got multiple goals that we wanted to get accomplished, and we are pleased with the progress. But this contract has got to be ratified. So let's get that ratified, and then we will go from there. But thank you for the question.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We have a online question from Ravi Shankar of Morgan Stanley. The first half free cash flow of $4.4 billion implies a much lower second half. Can you walk through the timing of the cash flow generation through the year?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: And this is Richard. Good morning, Ravi. I think the important thing to remember is throughout time, UPS's free cash flow had seasonality to it. And what I mean by that is obviously in peak season, we have more spending and then we collect those revenues in the first quarter of each year. So, we always naturally have a seasonality that doesn't allow for free cash flow to be as linear as our CapEx spending or the rest of our expense spending goes. But that being said, when you look at the free cash flow and the improvement in working capital, it's really driven by specific activities around transformation and what's happening in both procurement and payables. And it really goes to the strength of UPS in terms of generating a lot of free cash flow. That all being said, we continue to work through these initiatives, think there's more to come, and so we're real comfortable, given all the facts, that moving up from the $4.5 billion to $5 billion, all the way to $5 billion, is that the success of our working capital improvements are showing up on the bottom line. Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take another online question. This question comes from the line of Dave Ross. Can you add more color on the International Package growth, how did Asia do, why were the U.S. and Europe strongest for UPS in the sector?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Dave, it's Jim again. Let me talk about it. I started to touch on it a second ago as well is, if you look at it, we did highlight obviously communication U.S. to Europe. To get at that, that obviously is both ways, we commented over a few calls over the last couple of years about our focus on the U.S. a few years ago in a relaunch of that trade lane because we didn't feel like we were performing outbound in the U.S. at our highest levels. The team has been put together, it has been in place three years, and we are seeing our highest growth in the U.S. in many, many years, and we know we're winning share in the U.S. That's driving the outbound leg. Coming back home, obviously, those investments we talk about in Europe, yes, they drive growth intra-Europe but they're driving it right back to the U.S. as well, so those two trade lanes I think are easily identifiable over the kind of years of investment. But as I mentioned a second ago, Southeast Asia now, our emerging market strategy is kicking in to play here. We're having some new countries grow as well, Eastern Europe and the Nordics is performing very nicely for us. So it really is moving kind of across the world right now. But that U.S. to Europe trade lane I think is powered by a number of investments in human capital and capabilities the last couple of years.
Operator: Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. Can you talk a little bit about on the domestic margin side, what's in there from the facilities cost given the near 200-basis point decline. How do we start framing the opportunities you have to improve margins? And within that discussion, I don't know if, Kate, if you can return on the pricing, is that driven by the renewed peak season surcharges or is that more, I don't know, Richard, on the facilities cost side?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, so I'll start and I think Kate will then pick up on the second part of the question. But I think when you look at the U.S. margin and, underlying margin is being muted by both the change in the pension and the discount rate, and then the operating cost penalty, that's really about what's going to happen in the future. When you think about new buildings and we've been talking about almost 400,000 pieces an hour expansion going into the second half of the year in our network, it is about a 15- to 20-week process to get a building all the way up to a full run rate. And so you've got these start-up costs, you've got training, you've got management costs and so that plays into the results. We know going into next year that it really is about improving yield. It's about these new buildings and running at full capacity, once the initial start-up period is over. And it's also about layering in some of the transformation initiatives. They all will drive better margin improvement. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kate to talk a little bit about the specific pricing.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, and Ken, tied to the pricing just to expound a bit on the mid-quarter changes that we did, those did kick-in immediately, and as for instance, Over Max which are the packages outside of our weight and size limits, we changed the publish rates for each day throughout the year so not just peak to $650 published. And then on top of that, a peak season surcharge would kick-in. Again, these larger packages drive higher cost to serve and we need to ensure that the alignment with the value we have to our customers makes sense. But also we had other actions as I mentioned on the large packages, we did address correction so all of those are the mid-quarter. And then to your question about the peak season surcharge, as you know, UPS was the market leader in implementing that. It is similar to last year, though with an increase at the residential products are the ones on certain days and weeks that will have the peak season surcharge and then larger packages throughout the whole period. And we did notify our customers of the peak surcharges in January so that they could better prepare this year. So we see a balanced approach, both throughout peak as well as non-peak period. Thanks much.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Our next online question, we've gotten a few questions around peak, and so we know you've been planning for peak season all year. Do you see anything different about this year versus last year and even in the prior years?
Juan R. Perez - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes, very good. Thank you for the question. And the statement around peak planning being an all year round process is absolutely correct. This starts right as we are working on the current peak. Richard mentioned that we have two less operating days in December versus last year. We are working through other plans to adjust for that particular change. So that's something that is different. We are adding significant sorting capabilities, online this coming peak, we will have in excess of 350,000 packages per hour of additional sorting capabilities this coming peak season, and that will definitely help. We're also planning to hire additional seasonal helpers. We are planning on introducing better technology again to facilitate the movement of packages across the network, two applications that come to mind are the mobile delivery app that simplifies the onboarding and the delivery of packages for all the seasonal helpers we bring on, and also the use of technologies such as Dynamic Sort Instructions that once again, make things easier for people to be able to sort packages across the network. By this peak, our Saturday operations will be at full deployment, and that will further help us smooth out the volume throughout the peak period creating additional capabilities. So multiple enhancements and improvements this year.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. That was Juan Perez. He's our Chief Information and Engineering Officer. And then there was another part of the question, Kate, do you want to address?
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Absolutely. So with the collaboration with our customers, that continues and has been a key component, especially during peak season which is a market constrained period on certain days, and we continue to work with our customers on joint strategies to smooth demand. And when I say that, I mean moving volume into lower lighter days, and many of them are identifying self-gifting that goes on that they're able to modify transit times with. So it benefits all, leads to higher service, and also less overtime for their DCs so they can staff more consistently. So these long-term relationships we have with our customers really lends to that collaboration.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Let me add one point, it's Jim, to what Kate said, which is service. Is that, it's not lost on us at UPS that we're constructively dissatisfied with our service levels the last couple of peaks. And so all the things that we're investing in also have to culminate in better service for our customers, and we plan to deliver that as well.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Our next online question comes from Brian Ossenbeck at JPMorgan. What interaction have you had with the U.S. Postal Service task force in information that they're expected to release in the next month?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. This is David. First, let me emphasize, we have a unique relationship with the Postal Service. We're a customer, they're a vendor, we're competitors, and we support a healthy and viable USPS. We are concerned, have been concerned about funding for monopoly products that are supporting competitive products, and we believe that is one of the issues that the postal task force should be addressing. They're going to be addressing multiple issues. We have certainly been involved with them, and just like we have with other entities about what we believe should happen here, and we do feel like that they're actively addressing the issues. We have no idea what their conclusions are going to be. At the same time, there's a very important piece of legislation that's coming across, the STOP Act, and its original focus is about preventing opioids and other illegal substances from coming into the U.S. The STOP Act would impose the same high import standards that the companies, integrators, and other companies would be  do impose and make sure that all the foreign post follow those same guidelines as it comes into the U.S. It has been approved in the House, the same bill, a mirror image, is being addressed in the Senate, and the Administration has indicated that they would support it if it goes through the Senate. So a lot of things happening on postal reform, a lot of headlines, our focus has really been on the facts and making sure that we provide the information that we feel we need to do. So thank you for the question.
Operator: Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citi Investment Research: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to come back to transformation again, sort of think about, if you think there will be  I guess may be a bigger picture about the timing of it. Do you think there will be impact to 2019 beyond the VRP or how should we think about sort of the timeframe that you're sort of targeting here, the multiyear effort, one, three, five years, any color would be helpful?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is Richard, and I think the first thing is everything you said is about right. We're going to cover in the conference in September a little broader picture of what it is that we're going to accomplish, similar to what Scott had talked about, in answering a previous question, but also what that means over the multiple years kind of where we think this is headed financially as well and what it means to each of you and to our investors. So I would say stay tuned, the September's conference is really strictly about transformation and the journey we're on and what it is going to mean long-term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Atkins at Stephens.
Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc.: Can you expand on the factors behind the strong top line growth within your freight boarding operation and how much is market driven versus individual company initiatives?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Jack, it's Jim. And then Kate is going to add on with me here. Obviously, you kind of talked about top line and bottom line. Rich mentioned in his opening the supply chain two years, the bottom line has grown by 43%. A couple of business units I think worth kind of going through real quick. Our Forwarding business, quite frankly, last quarter, the revenue was up 23%, that's three quarters in a row of double-digit and really it's about the dynamic changes we're making over the years really focused on customer experience, winning in the middle market, Kate will talk about that as well, and continuing Forwarding revenue management initiatives. We don't talk much about Coyote, the acquisition we made about three years ago. It's performing very nicely quite frankly. They continue to really lean into truckload brokerage with great service. Last quarter their revenue grew right at 40%. So that's a pretty impressive number obviously in a business like that. And they continue to expand geographically heavy into the south border between the U.S. and Mexico when we expanded the business into Europe. And then finally, logistics before I hand it over to Kate, really great quarter, almost 10% revenue growth, profit growing at 25%, many industries, healthcare obviously leading the way for us, post sales doing well, and, quite frankly, in that business, we have a pipeline and logistics now we haven't seen in many years to keep it going forward. So that's kind of some dots on the map before I hand it to Kate.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, and Jack I'll just expound on the Forwarding middle market reach and success we've been having. We, through our sales force and solutions group, have been able to really penetrate into the middle market supply chain, so not just their U.S. small package strictly, but also where they're sourcing their product and movement throughout the whole supply chain. So I think as cross border trade has developed as well as more off-shoring for product sourcing, we're finding a greater need in that small and medium sized business which, again, ties very well to the way we approach the market. And then the revenue management, we've streamlined our processes so it adapts to the market more quickly, and we've seen a lift from that as well. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks so much. In International, could you please discuss customer demand for premium products and help us think about the Export yield growth on a go forward basis?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Well, I guess maybe Kate and I will talk about it together, again. It's Jim. Look, I think obviously we've talked a lot over the years about Europe and the investment there, and you know, how you define premium is interesting in a discussion like this. We consider our trans-border standard product in Europe a premium product because of some of the capabilities we've added but we're talking about double-digit export growth for many, many quarters, in lots of segments and sectors, and lots of geographies. So the demand is there. That's obviously what tied us into the airplane acquisitions and those agreements, we really hadn't any capacity since 2013 and since that time our volume has grown by 30% if you call it in the premium and Export segments. So the demand is there, the world wants it, customers want it, and we continue to support that with our infrastructure and service. Kate probably wants to add a few things as well.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. Just to add we've nearly doubled the export average daily value  volume rather over the last 10 years. And as Jim mentioned, we're seeing a correlation with the faster time-in-transit, you have seen the impact of Europe now being UPS the fastest on the ground and in the air. We're also the earliest to deliver throughout the world with our Express products and very much seeing lift with Dubai and our fastest time-in-transit there as well, so going into more and more of these emerging markets. So that is absolutely a driver tied to that. And then I'll reinforce cross-border trade is expected to have 5 times the GDP growth in the future and so the opportunity in front of us is as exciting. Thanks.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We've got a online question and it's really about, what actually is transferrable between the international and U.S. in terms of best practices and strategic planning.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So this is Jim, again. I'll start and if David wants to obviously add or anybody else, the answer to this question, quite frankly, comes from being back in the U.S. after 15 years of International in my career and having completed really the first quarter with the team. So framing it within that perspective, I would say there is a lot of similarities. Now, the business models, quite frankly, are different, but the timing of where we are and the way that at least I certainly and the team are looking at this is that we had similar issues in Europe in 2013 and 2014 when we needed to add capacity and add capabilities and speed and we did that in Europe, that's when we announced the $2 billion investment. You've seen that play out. We're 70% of the way through and you've seen what that has done in that piece of the business. So here, in the U.S., obviously, it is just bigger. I just want to make sure Juan has given a few comments, I want to size one of them specifically, and that is if you look at 2017 for us and what we added with the CapEx, we added about 53,000 pieces an hour of sort capacity and about 700 car positions, and I'll stay out of the automated small sorts. This year, we're adding 7 times that capacity this year, so 350,000, that's what's in Rich's guidance numbers going forward to continued investment. Takes a little bit of time to catch that going forward, but the efficiency is there, 30% to 40% more efficient than these buildings, so going forward, that's kind of the way we look at this, and a lot of what we learned in International, the things that we are able to bring back and it's both operational and Kate talks about revenue management and pricing and all of that is matching all that together to really drive the margins. And my first quarter coming back, I can, quite frankly, tell you, I'm very confident we can do that. We know where we are on the journey. We know where this quarter is and where it's going to come, and we're pretty confident you'll be able to see this all come together in the near-term, so.
Operator: Matt Reustle of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Reustle - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question. Just to follow up on free cash flow a bit. It sounds like the working capital improvements are driven primarily by improved payable terms. I mean should we think about that as a structural improvement for your cash conversion? And I know you haven't given a formal 2019 guide, but would it improve that 2019 guide with the changes?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, Matt, this is Richard. And absolutely we're looking at this working capital improvement as we're on a journey, there are certain commodities and contracts that you can do in a very efficient, very fast paced. There are other geographies and other contracts that is part of a negotiation process. So we see this as something that really is going to be the foundation of improvements for net working capital in the company, just as we always managed our DSO on the receivable side, it's really putting a lot of discipline and a lot of consistency around the world using the same methodology, and it all started when we, with this transformation initiative, and I think it's something that will pay dividends not only this year but going forward as well.
Matthew Reustle - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question here. This comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer Research. And it's a clarification. When do you anticipate achieving the full run rate savings from the VRP initiatives?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: And I'll take that question as well. And I think the thing that you have to remember here is that what's going to happen with transformation on the voluntary retirement, is it's a staggered departure and it's really about business continuity as well as the planning that we had started for peak season as we were developing this. So it's really over the next 10, 11 months that we'll see the future retirees leave UPS. So what happens is the full run rate really occurs, call it, post June of 2019, but we'll start seeing more people leave as we get further into the calendar, and as a result, of course, the savings will start building up. When we get to 2019 guidance, we'll give you a little bit better picture. But suffice it to say that when we look at the NPV of a project like this, we did have a $263 million charge, but the annual run rate savings is $200 million, which is very positive, and when we come together in September, we'll talk about these kinds of things in a little bit more detail.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Our next online question comes from Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan. What functionally do the new hubs have aside from increasing automation and are you able to build out to handle more oversized or heavy goods throughout your hub networks?
Juan R. Perez - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes, this is Juan again. Thanks for the question, Brian. In any new facility, we keep implementing new technology and we continue to take advantage of any new data, any new capabilities that we can use in those facilities. Just to give you an example, we keep implementing state-of-the-art automated small sorts to process our small sorts more effectively. We keep implementing advanced irregular package systems in our facilities. And something that is different from what we used to do in the past is we're leaving room in these new facilities to be able to implement future innovations in automation, things such as robotics and, of course, additional advanced irreg processing systems that can be ready for UPS at different points in time. And, of course, Richard, you have a couple of other points to make?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, and I think the other important point is that when we look at the investments we're making against the return on invested capital, we're maintaining the industry leading invested capital returns of between 23% and 28%, and that's all layered in with the capital guide that we've given you really for the next few years and it's about what technology is doing to the operations and how that helps to improve the operating margin that we see going long-term.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Let me add one thing. This is Jim. I think that another way to think about it, obviously, within an integrated network like UPS, is it's not one unique discrete piece of technology, it's the connection of all of them together, and when Juan talks about, and we'll talk next year as we get together and go forward to the next guidance of projects like EDGE and NPT and the next phase of ORION and how that connects to all of the pieces of technology, I think that's where the synergies come together in our network that might be different than someone else's network with similar technology.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Our next online question comes from the line of Ben Hartford, R. W. Baird. Please provide perspective on likely outcomes from the EU Court siding with UPS that challenged the attempted acquisition of TNT. Does the decision change UPS's acquisition or operating strategy?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. This is David. We are pleased that the advocate general's opinion that was released this morning supports our position which, of course, has been that we do not believe that the UPS TNT merger should have been blocked in the first place. Now, we understand this is a non-binding opinion by the advocate general, and we'll await the final decision of the European Court of Justice, we believe later this year. What's really important, though, is from the point of that decision, we made a commitment that we were going to continue to invest in Europe. We said we were going to invest $2 billion, and we are 70% or so of the way through that investment. It has paid off. Jim just spoke earlier about the success that we're having in Europe. And we are very dedicated to growing our business in Europe. We think it is a real strength of our network. And that part will not change based on any decision. So thank you for the question.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Our next online question comes from Kevin Sterling of Seaport Global. As you take additional aircraft, do you think you will have enough capacity for what appears to be a robust peak season and we have to charter aircraft and the timing of the delivery matching the demand in the marketplace?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So I'll start and then obviously some others may chime in. The aircraft and how we run peak season is just the normal part of peak season planning. I do want to go back to, and we should have the capacity, obviously, to meet the demand, Kate and her team do a great job of connecting with the customer so that we can really forecast that which is becoming, in this world today, it's a very different world than we grew up. So forecasting the demand, getting it right, where it's going to come from is a very important part of the process. I mentioned a little while ago that we hadn't added aircraft in some time, even though our Express and International businesses have grown. The nice part of where we are right now is we've got six 747-8s in the network now. And remember that a part of that plan all along has been the cascading of aircraft back into the U.S. Typically, that tends to be MD-11s. At times, it can be 767s. By the end of this year we'll have nine of the -8s in play and we're going to have three new 767s in play as well. So the timing of that, with the least aircraft at peak and the cascading we feel like supports obviously this peak season. But remember, this is a multiyear. We're going to do this for the next years to come, continuing to take 6-8's every year and a number of 767s to keep the capacity aligned with the demand.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Our next online question comes from Ravishankar of Morgan Stanley. It looks like Amazon is taking further steps to expand its in-house logistics. Have you seen or do you expect to see any impact?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is David. First, it's not uncommon for large companies to make decisions to insource or outsource portions of their transportation network. So this certainly did not surprise us. It absolutely increases their supplemental growth capacity. We also believe that  and they'll have to speak for themselves, but that existing partners remain a very important part of their business model. So we closely monitor all of our customers, especially our larger customers, and any competitor announcements. We're not going to be nave or ignore things that people or entities are doing. We really evaluate all market moves, and the impact that it'd have on our core business, and we feel very comfortable in our ability to compete in our core businesses and we just think the UPS value proposition is very difficult to match, and we will continue to be the best-in-class e-commerce vendor of choice, and so that's really our view here, and thank you for the question.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question. This question comes from us from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Do you project the recent rally in oil prices could push some customers to trade down their volume services in the future?
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So Brian. This is Kate. I'll take that question. Actually, we see more of a tie to business models with our customers and inventory placement, and that typically drives their selection of service. Oftentimes even within their inventory they'll have different valued items and some of those are marked for higher premium services than ground. So no, we don't believe this will cause a shift and do know that there is fuel surcharge on both the air and the ground products. Richard?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, and I think it's important to remember that earlier this year we did make some  I'm sorry, earlier last year, we made some changes to take into account the volatility of fuel into pricing and actually what you see in the last two or three weeks is fuel price has actually come down again and you see it almost right away in our pricing with our customers. But, the fuel surcharge is designed to protect against price changes. It impacts our LTL business, it impacts our small package, both ground and air. And there has been volatility in price and really we're making those adjustments in real-time and so it helps both our customers and it helps UPS to make sure that our actions are aligned and we're changing the  as we're purchasing in real-time, the effect it has on both the cost side and the revenue side.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A for today. I would now like to turn the program back over to Mr. Scott Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We appreciate your time today, and David, your closing comments.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: As you can tell on this call, and I think on other interactions with UPS, that we are in a new phase in our investment cycle. The Atlanta hub and other projects have begun opening, adding new capacity and capabilities, and you also are starting to see some early transformation initiatives. VRP and the way that we've affected the cash flow, we look forward to sharing more details on our multi-year transformation plans on September 13. We think that will be a good session. UPS continues to see strong growth opportunities as we help our customers with value added supply chain solutions that cover the strategy. We are successfully executing our strategies that benefit our customers and our shareowners. So thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We'd like to thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc. David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc. James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc. Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc. Scott Price - United Parcel Service, Inc. Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc. Juan R. Perez - United Parcel Service, Inc.
Analysts: Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC Matthew Reustle - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, we would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations fourth quarter 2017 (sic) [first quarter 2018] earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Welcome to the UPS first quarter 2018 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with Chief Operating Officer, Jim Barber; Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer; our Chief Information Officer, Juan Perez; and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectation for the future performance and results of operations of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2017 Form 10-K and first quarter 2018 Form 10-Q. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The webcast of today's call, along with the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Unless stated otherwise, discussions today regarding full year financials will refer to adjusted results. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Now, I will turn the call over to David.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. UPS achieved first quarter earnings per share of $1.55, up 17%. Demand for our services remained strong, with total revenue up more than 10%. The International and Supply Chain units maintained a strong pace, producing double-digit growth in operating profit. These gains helped offset headwinds, including severe weather conditions that weighed on bottom line results in the U.S. Top-line results in the U.S. were strong, with revenue up over 7%. While we're making progress on the strategies we've shared with you, there's more opportunity for greater returns to shareowners. To capture this potential, we've embarked on a broad transformation of our company. Every part of our business is in scope, and we're moving quickly into a new phase of transformation. We will create greater efficiency throughout our back office and administrative areas, and generate savings through Global Procurement. We're streamlining internal systems and processes and driving improved performance throughout the organization. We will also better align resources to new and emerging growth opportunities. Yesterday, we announced a voluntary retirement program for eligible U.S. employees. This is the first of many initiatives to reduce cost and improve efficiency in our business. To accelerate our transformation, Scott Price joined UPS as Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer. We also recently announced several senior management changes. Jim Barber was named Chief Operating Officer, with broad responsibility for the operations of the business. We know the secret to our success is in coordination and alignment across our business as we move deeper into transformation. The timing was right for Jim's new position, and he will play a critical role, along with Scott, in ensuring we take full advantage of all the benefits from transformation. Following my remarks, I've asked Jim to comment on his new role. In addition, during the quarter, we appointed Nando Cesarone as President of International Small Package and George Willis President of U.S. Operations. We are also advancing our global smart logistics network. In fact, we're bringing online additional network capabilities around the world, including more than 400,000 pieces per hour of highly efficient sort capacity this year. In coming weeks, we'll open new hubs in London and Paris, and this summer, two large regional hubs in Salt Lake City and Atlanta. Operating leverage in our business will improve as we significantly expand our capabilities this year and beyond. Our superior network and operating strategies are enabling UPS customers to take advantage of free trade around the world. UPS supports fair trade agreements like the modernization of NAFTA and other pacts that will make cross-border trade more predictable and easier for businesses of all sizes. We continue to believe there is a win, win, win for all three countries in an updated NAFTA agreement, and we're encouraged by recent events. Other headlines about trade agreements with South Korea, the reemergence of TPP and trade with China, provide real opportunities to the global economy and to improve standards of living. Now turning to recent economic forecast. The overall economy is expected to remain strong throughout 2018, with consumer spending and business investment driving economic growth in most markets. Global GDP is projected at about 3.5% in 2018, the fastest expansion since 2010. Strong growth is expected in both Europe and Asia. In addition, worldwide exports are anticipated to grow more than 4.5%. In the U.S., expanding industrial production and retail sales growth is being driven by healthy fundamentals and competitive tax policy. UPS is well-positioned to benefit from this positive outlook. Before I turn it over to Jim, I want to take a moment and recognize the amazing accomplishments of some extraordinary UPSers. In February, we published our annual list of drivers, who've joined the UPS Circle of Honor. For the first time, we have more than 10,000 drivers around the world who've remained accident-free for 25 or more consecutive years. In addition, I want to take a moment to recognize a true UPS partner, Myron Gray, for his many years of valued leadership. Myron has made a material impact on UPS during his 40 years, and we wish him the best in his retirement. As we look at the rest of the year, our key transformation initiatives are moving forward. The economic outlook remains positive, and we're sharply focused on executing our growth strategies. Considering the scope of our transformation, we now plan to host a conference in the next several months to give you more details on our new multiyear initiatives and their financial benefits. Thanks for your time today. Jim?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, David. I'm absolutely excited about my new role, and it's good to reconnect with the U.S. operations. I spent the first half of my career learning, leading and executing in the U.S. and have had the great opportunity to integrate those lessons across the globe over the last 15 years working internationally. More specifically, let me take a moment to review the International and Supply Chain segments, where we're generating great returns for our shareowners. The results this quarter were robust, double-digit growth in revenue and operating profit. Clearly, this is not where we started in 2014. We've made long strides, and it has taken a lot of hard work and execution by the entire team. Last year, we finished at over $3.2 billion of operating profit, up significantly over where we started, even with the currency headwind, and we're enjoying the benefits from our continued momentum. These results are based on straightforward plans: build sustainable foundations; make the business models more efficient and flexible; and focus on the right growth strategies. As we look ahead, the pace of business is accelerating, and we are transforming our entire business to connect global buyers and sellers in new ways. We are advancing the capabilities of our global smart logistics network, and this year marks a major step up. We start bringing online new regional hubs, and begin the initial rollout of dynamic ORION as well as Network Planning Tools. We also continue to implement technology projects within the EDGE program. All of these items will drive greater operational efficiency. Additionally, we're identifying new multiyear transformation projects that bend the cost curve further, making us even more efficient. While all segments will benefit from the new initiatives, the U.S. Domestic segment will enjoy the largest gains as we move faster with transformation. The future of UPS is being designed to create a more flexible and agile company, and at the same time, enhance our ability to better serve customers. But make no mistake about it, our plans are built on better managing our customer value proposition based on how buyers and sellers consume our integrated networks and our services. We can take the best lessons learned from our International and Supply Chain segments to speed the pace of improvement in all parts of our business. At a high level, we will continue to follow a straightforward approach to drive execution. Already, many actions are underway, and I look forward to helping drive strategic plans across all of the business units. Thanks for your time today, and now I will turn it over to Richard.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Jim, and good morning. As we look across the enterprise, revenue increased more than 10%. Volume growth was strong and product yields expanded. We made $1.55 earnings per share in the quarter, about where we expected. We had strong performance in both the International and Supply Chain & Freight segments, while the U.S. Domestic underperformed, primarily due to difficult weather conditions and some expected headwinds. Also this quarter, UPS adopted the new FASB accounting standards that shifted items on our income statement. A presentation of the changes can be found in our IR website. We've also added a new section in the web schedules to give investors clarity on the pension changes. For the quarter, the pension accounting change resulted in $285 million of net benefit moving from operating profit to non-operating profit. Now for the segment detail, in the U.S., revenue was $10.2 billion, an increase of 7.2%. Revenue for all products grew in the quarter, with air expanding faster than ground. High demand for UPS Next Day Air and Deferred Air services was in part driven by e-commerce shippers seeking faster delivery option. Average daily shipment volume was up 4.6%, with improvements across multiple industry segments, including retail, healthcare, and manufacturing. Reported average revenue per piece increased 2.6%. Base rates increased over 2.5%, with improving trends through the quarter. We continue to identify opportunities to better align pricing to reflect the value creation and cost to serve. As planned, we are implementing additional pricing action on packages with unfavorable characteristics later this year. Also in the quarter, winter storm activity made working conditions difficult in parts of the U.S. In fact, we experienced weather disruptions in parts of our network during 10 of 13 weeks this quarter. And as a result, we incurred additional operating expense as well as lost revenue. We estimate the impact from weather was a drag on operating profit of about $85 million. There were also three expected headwinds: first, the continued deployment of Saturday operations; second, the network project yet to come online; and finally, pension expense related to the lower discount rate this year. In 2018, we are in the first year of a three-year peak capital phase. While we are incurring startup costs today, not all the network benefits will be realized this year, as most of the buildings come online in the second half of the year. Now looking at the International segment, we are executing unique revenue and growth strategy, leveraging our portfolio to extract the most value. Reported results were outstanding. Revenue and operating profit grew at 15%. On a currency adjusted basis, this is the 13th consecutive quarter of double-digit operating profit growth. Global export shipments per day increased about 12%, with the strongest growth in pan-European cross-border and Europe-to-U.S. and U.S.-to-Europe trade lines. Also two less days due to the timing of Easter in the local countries impeded export and domestic shipments, and growth was impacted by about 250 basis points. International revenue per package remains firm, with good growth in both export and domestic products. It's due to our superior portfolio and network enhancements that we've invested in. Operating profit increased 15% to $594 million, with all regions contributing to the gain. We had our highest first quarter operating profit, with industry-leading margins at almost 17%, another proof point of the potential upside and momentum in our strategy. Now, let's look at the Supply Chain & Freight segment. Total revenue jumped 16%, with gains across all business units. Operating profit increased more than 14% to $170 million on top of an over 18% increase in profit last year. Forwarding revenue jumped 27%, as pricing strategies and high-quality service, along with positive market conditions, drove significant improvements over the prior year. Tonnage gains were in the mid-single digits in both international and the North American air forwarding units. Coyote, our asset-light truck brokerage division, continues to produce significant market gains in the U.S. and are making good progress on their global expansion. The segment's focus on profitable middle-market growth and the ability for customers to ship across our portfolio produced great results, and we expect good momentum moving forward. Now, let's turn to the balance sheet. We produced strong first quarter free cash flow of about $2.6 billion, a hallmark of UPS, and we're well on our plan to meet our target of $4.5 billion to $5 billion in free cash flow this year. The company distributed $840 million in dividends, which represents nearly a 10% increase per share. We also repurchased 2.2 million shares for just over $250 million. Capital investments came in, as expected, at $1.5 billion as we gear up for deployment and bring several major facilities online in the back half of this year. The benefits from these investments, new multiyear transformation efficiencies and expanding pricing actions position UPS well to continue to achieve our return on invested capital targets of 23% to 28%. Now, let's turn to taxes. Our effective tax rate came in at just over 19%, due to the annual vesting of stock-based compensation that lowered the rate by about 2.5 percentage points. Also in the quarter was the resolution of discrete tax items for just over $25 million. Currently, we expect our tax rate to be between 23% and 24% for the remaining three quarters of 2018. Additionally, the U.S. Treasury Department is still defining the tax regulations, and our rate is subject to change as items become final. Further, our cash tax rate should be in the mid- to high-teens during the next few years. This year's rate will be pushed even lower, as benefits from the pension funding will put our rate in the mid-single-digits. Now turning to guidance. As a reminder, the new transformation initiatives are not included in our guidance. We're well on our way to achieving our financial targets for the year, and we are reaffirming our 2018 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $7.03 to $7.37, an increase of 17% to 23% over last year's results. 2018 is a busy year, with several external and internal moving parts. We felt a closer look at the quarters would be helpful to add clarity. Looking across the remainder of 2018, we anticipate earnings per share growth to be the highest in the second and third quarter in the range of 22% to 26%. Performance in the business is anticipated to be good in the fourth quarter, but will be somewhat offset as the U.S. calendar works against us, with two less operating days in December. Prior year tax benefits are not expected to repeat, and as we open new facilities before the peak season. As a result, fourth quarter earnings per share growth is expected to be in the mid-teens. We're off to a solid start, with great results in both the International and Supply Chain & Freight segments, helping offset the severe weather impact in the U.S. As we look at the rest of the year, our plans are set. We're growing the business and driving initiatives that increase shareowner value. We look forward to meeting with you in the coming months to discuss the transformation initiatives that we've begun to lay out for you today. Thank you. And now, I'll ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: I will now turn the program back over to our IRO, Mr. Childress, to start the Q&A segment.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thank you. We're going to take an online question here. We've got a question from Jack Atkins from Stephens. And Jack's question is about the recent management changes. And can we discuss the appointment of the COO in particular how these changes will improve the business in the next three to five years?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: In fact, Scott, we had another question that kind of ties into management. You want to give management structure changes, maybe paraphrase that and also who asked the question.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: That was from Brian Ossenbeck. And Brian's question was about U.S. operations and Scott Price's appointment from an external standpoint on to the UPS management team.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay, so both of these questions are about management structure and changes, so I just thought it made sense to answer them together, this is David Abney, of course. And first, I'll start with Scott Price, we brought him in as outside hire to our management committee in December of this year. We did that for a couple of reasons. We knew that we were going to advance our transformation initiatives and just felt like we wanted someone that had been through this before. Different company, connecting industry that we could gain from his expertise, at the same time, he could gain from ours, so very happy to have hired Scott and got him in place. And we knew that Alan Gershenhorn was going to be retiring as Chief Commercial Officer, so we added strategy to Scott's transformation responsibilities. And that's how we divided that position. So Alan is Chief Commercial Officer with 38 years with UPS, decided to retire, and Alan did exactly what we had asked him to do, which is really focus on the growth and growing the company. And he's done a great job of that so much so that it has placed some challenges on some of our growth plans. So, we've been able to ramp up those growth plans. But real happy for what Alan has been able to do for us. And then made the decision, I thought the timing was absolutely right with the way things were going to, I asked Jim Barber to take further responsibilities as most people in this call know Jim had been the President of International for a good four or five years, has just done an excellent job. With transformation going to be a part of the future, just felt like that needed someone that was going to accelerate the implementation of our operating initiatives. We needed to I thought better coordinate and align across our business units because more and more of our business is crossing those business units. And I wanted to make sure we didn't have any silos and felt that this was a way to do it. And I also expected Jim from the operations side to play a big role with Scott in this transformation of UPS. And then because we promoted Jim, that left us with the International position open, we promoted Nando Cesarone, a Canadian that we've worked throughout the world, and has worked closely with myself and Jim for many years. And then, we also had Myron Gray retire, which just did an excellent job for us. And we had George Willis, who is a very experienced UPSer that not only has worked throughout the U.S., but he's worked in the corporate office, he's worked in the UK, a wide, wide range of experience. So, those are the moves that we have made. They're all geared towards the future, all towards the focus. And Jim, I'd like to turn it over to you, just talk a little bit about how you see your new role.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay, I'd be happy to, David. Thanks. So, let me, I guess, reinforce a couple of points. First, extremely excited about this new role. Also, with George and Nando to come into their places, it just continues to talk about the depth of the partnership at UPS. So, really excited to have them in their new roles as well. David just mentioned the great job Alan has done in growing the business, and it really kind of points me back to the international piece of my background. I think there's a couple of points that we've gone through the last four or five years. Many of you would recall that we were on the verge of a merger with TNT that actually kind of held up our capital expenditure plans for a number of years, then we announced in 2014, the $2 billion expansion. That piece of work aligns very nicely to what's going on in the U.S. for us right now. At the same time, we had to re-gear the network in Asia, and the intra and intercontinental air networks in the international business for the last couple of years. That seems to be very much correlated to, obviously, our U.S. So, those type of learning specifically is where I see us coming back to the U.S. and adding that into the COO role going forward. I guess three or four quick points to punctuate David's comments of coordination and alignment, because I do see that job as very much about that. First, across the business units, is very key today. Intermodal and how products move and supply chains crosses business units, we think we can do a better job in the years to come to harmonize and align those. The other thing obviously is we start to transform the announcements we've had yesterday and today and will continue to talk about as it gets you to the place of getting the right people and structures in place to really drive maximum value creation. And I'll be involved in helping coordinate that which Scott and the rest of the team launch going forward. I did make the point about value creation in my opening talk that needs to be reinforced, because that is key, especially in the U.S. business, for us to drive continued value. And ultimately, I think you could boil it down to the fact that my job will be to help say yes and no to the right value creation growth opportunities within the units and across the units in the years to come. So I appreciate that, David, the opportunity.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take another question here. This question, we've got three questions in. Brandon Oglenski from Barclays, Keith Schoonmaker from Morningstar, and then, JPMorgan, Brian Ossenbeck. And the question is, we've seen some of your early indications of the company's transformation initiatives. And what are the areas of focus for the company and is there any timeline that you can share with us?
Scott Price - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, thanks for the question, and let me start by saying that I'm very excited to be part of UPS and part of this transformation. And we've focused our initial work across two categories, foundational and modernization initiatives. We continue to rapidly evaluate and benchmark all aspects of our business and organization. This is not just focused on operations as David said. This is a very broad program. We're identifying a lot of opportunities that are going to create multiyear value, and they're both cost reduction programs, but as well sources of growth moving forward. We started fast, we started with cost, as David mentioned. Yesterday, we announced our first foundational cost initiative, which was a voluntary retirement program, a VRP. It's a cost action that's focused on increasing efficiency and reducing cost through addressing initially span and layer opportunities in the organization. And David also mentioned a second foundational program, which is to drive procurement value through the scale of UPS. These are really just the beginning of what is going to be a very extensive program. We believe transformation will benefit all aspects in all segments of the business. UPS Domestic will also experience, if not many, maybe potentially even most of the greatest gains. We're moving fast, building broad support within the company. And as Richard mentioned, we'll be sharing more details at an upcoming conference. Thank you.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is David. Great job explaining that, Scott. Really, the reason that it's driving the pace of transformation is just the fact that the pace of change in business is accelerating so quickly. And we feel like that we have to respond and we have to respond with a sense of urgency. This transformation that Scott talked about is going to generate efficiencies throughout the business. It's going to accelerate growth and it's going to create shareholder value, which is what this is all about. So we're very excited about the start of this. We've got some very good initiatives that's going to make a difference, and there's more to come. And as mentioned earlier, we will have a conference in a few months, and we'll be able to give you a lot more of the details at that time. So thank you for the question.
Operator: Our first online question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, good morning. David, or maybe it's for Richard, if we could dig into that a little bit when you detailed the transformation initiatives large picture, I just want to understand. Is there a dollar value you can talk about? Are you talking about just automation? Is that the reason for the voluntary head count reduction? Is that just part of the upgrades to automate, or can you talk about scale or put a dollar value on it? Can you give us some parameters of what you're doing there?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Ken, this is Richard. I'll start and then I'm going to pass it to David. There is no change to guidance right now. But as Scott and David mentioned a minute ago, this is a multiyear, multi-phased approach. And as this is finalized, you saw the first action. We'll come together and talk about it in the next several months. But at this point, it's really not just about this year. It's really about the future as well.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. And, Scott, do you want to add to it?
Scott Price - United Parcel Service, Inc.: I think, Ken, that we're being very thoughtful in how we're going to sequence initiatives that will both be an opportunity for just foundationally reducing cost like our voluntary retirement program, but also future investments that will help create modernization of our overall process. So the combination of those two, we'll be able to share a little bit more detail at the upcoming conference.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. Richard, I wanted to ask you a little bit of a bigger picture question on cash available for return to shareholders. If you look at the business the last five or so years, not a lot of growth CapEx going in, but about $15 billion going into the pension. As you think about the outlook going forward, assuming no dramatic shift in economic activity, assuming no dramatic shift in the interest rate environment, do you think that the burden on cash from operations from pension contribution is still going to be high? And I guess I'm wondering. Should we be expecting that the cash that's available for distribution to shareholders, even with higher spending, is that going to be at a higher run rate level than we've seen in the past five years or a lower run rate level? I'm just trying to get a sense for how investors should be expecting the cash returns from UPS to change as the pension requirement and funding goes down and the CapEx goes up in the business.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure, David. I think the first thing to remember here is that UPS has always had a philosophy of making sure we give a good return to our shareholders. We increased our dividend this year almost 10%, and we're almost 50 years of increasing or seeing the dividend grow. And so that's an important hallmark of UPS. Another hallmark of UPS is investing in the business, and you've heard some of our plans both for the aircraft and the buildings, and that's really about the growth. And we've had such good growth in revenue on an almost $65 billion to $70 billion company. That being said, what's going on with pensions today, we did make a decision last year to fund a very large contribution, and it was opportunistic. And it was opportunistic because we took a tax deduction at 35%. Given the current environment today, we don't expect that we'll have more contributions in 2018. And if discount rate changes, that also changes our need to think about funding. And I can tell you right now, we also have  the discount rate impact is up 50 basis points since the end of the year. And that 50 basis points changes the liability or decreases the liability by a few billion dollars. So we don't expect that we'll continue to fund pension in the way that we have. But Congress made it easier for us to think about funding versus paying the PBGC premiums. And that does bring you to the free cash flow, and you can see that for the quarter, we were at about just over $2.5 billion of free cash flow on a plan of $4.5 billion to $5 billion, and we're well on our way. And we recognize that part of the benefit we got was getting the refund at 35%. But we still see free cash flow growing over the next few years as all of the initiatives that we've talked about around transformation, the smart logistics network, and then the improving yield that we'll continue to drive will all create better or more free cash flow. Thank you.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: All right, thanks. And maybe just as a very short follow-up, is there a chance that there could be some asset monetization as part of the transformation initiatives? Is there going to be any review of the asset base looking for opportunities to maybe reduce some surplus real estate, things like that?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So historically, we've always looked at that. It's not just about transformation. But we tend to buy assets based on what we need and not really inventory excess assets. So I don't see that as a big piece of transformation, but as I said, annually we're going through that process every year, really in the springtime, to think about it and see if there is anything there.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks a lot for the time, guys.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question. This question comes from Scott Schneeberger. And we got a number of questions on the topic. Please discuss how UPS strategically views balancing volume and price over the next two to three years and the potential to exceed the 2% to 3% base rate that we've talked about.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thank you for the question, Scott. It's important to clarify that we don't have a ceiling of 2% to 3%, but rather have a strategy of continuously looking for pricing initiatives which align our revenue to our cost to serve and as well as the value we create for our customers. As an example of that, international currency-neutral revenue per piece increased 3.6%, and U.S. in the two-year stack is up 6% with multiple months above 3%. We also address characteristic changes and the cost to serve them. Large Packages, for instance, have had an 18.5% increase over the two years and Over Max which are the packages outside of our weight and size limits but still get into our network increased 350% over those two years. So we will continue to work on base rates and increase throughout the year as planned. Thanks so much.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Our next question is coming from Keith Schoonmaker from Morningstar. And basically, we've got a couple of questions here about the performance of international. Keith's question specifically is the firm announced strong investment in Europe over the last few years of $2 billion. What have you really accomplished to date and what remains?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This Jim. I'll take that one obviously. I think a point I'd like to start with is that while Europe is obviously performing very well for us, one of the points we've continued to make over the last couple quarters is that probably the biggest benefit to how international is performing today is the balance in it. So it is growing everywhere. It's very balanced and the network is continuing to create additional flywheels as we go forward. Specifically on Europe to the point, I mentioned it a few minutes ago, we've chosen Europe in late 2013, early 2014 that we needed to and invest in it just like the same way we're looking at the U.S. network right now. We also looked at our capabilities and we saw our Transborder network needed to be upgraded. We did that in waves through 2015, 2016 and 2017, both ground and air. The specific $2 billion investment, we're about 70% of the way through. This first quarter, we've opened a couple of new buildings. On the back of that as we expanded the network, we've introduced new services in Turkey, Express Services, and so we  big buildings and it has been mentioned previously will come online this year in Paris and Canada. Bielefeld is going to have a big one coming on as well as London. So like I said, about 70% of the way through, all of it continues to create value. You can see it in the growth numbers and the margin numbers. And we feel like a lot of those learnings certainly transport back to the U.S. investments we're making here as well. So appreciate the question.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Let me come back to pricing for a minute, and maybe sort of mix it in with the transformation initiatives I guess, when you think about the first to pricing and sort of addressing some of the mix shift dynamics between B2B and B2C in the domestic business, how far along do you feel like you are on that process? And then should we expect meaningful sort of changes in your approach to market on the pricing side as part of the transformation initiatives?
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thank you, Chris. This is Kate. And, yes, as part of transformation, as a part of our ongoing strategy, with the characteristic changes in the marketplace, we absolutely are taking a keen focus on aligning even further cost to serve with pricing to make sure that we get compensated for the value we're delivering. And to that point, we're also creating solutions such as synthetic density with those changing characteristics to convert B2C, for instance, into B2B packages. Access points is a good example of that as well as we are the market leader in returns. And that goes hand-in-hand with B2C and as you know is a high density delivery address. So both through the pricing as well as the solution set, we are addressing the changing characteristics in the marketplace. Thanks for the question.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We've got a question. This question comes from Dave Ross at Stifel. And he's asking for preliminary thoughts on the ongoing Teamsters negotiation, granted they would do you expect to have a contract completed before the termination of the contract July 31?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is David. I'll take that and then Jim, since you have labor, if you want to add anything to it. Our agreement expires August 1. So far we've held six week-long sessions. There's been progress made on several non-economic matters, and we are confident that we can reach an agreement that would reward our employees but also keep UPS competitive in this changing world that we live in that has both traditional and non-traditional competitors. So we really don't negotiate through the media. So although incorrect information comes out, we certainly correct that. But we have the right people negotiating on our end. I think that the more successful UPS is, the more that we can hire additional Teamsters and the better jobs that our people will have. So just like any negotiations, there's give-and-take, there's good days and bad days, but overall I feel confident that we certainly can reach an agreement.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is James. I'd just add a couple of points to reinforce what David said. Remember we have shared objectives here. It's to create jobs and have career opportunities and serve customers, and that's been going on for many decades. I think the uniqueness of what comes into play now as well is the pace of change and the need for continued flexibility to be adaptive. And so working together with the Teamsters that will be some of the highlighted areas we go forward and get done, and hopefully get it done in the short order. But I think David's points are very right on the point about how the negotiation will transpire going forward, so.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Yes. Good morning and thank you. David, just a question for you. It really from the outside seems that UPS, under your leadership over  I don't know  the past year or maybe longer is taking more aggressive steps than you have in the past. I think we can look at that in terms of the pace of change at the management committee level, a higher CapEx budget, more aggressive investments, you've got the transformation initiatives. So from the outside, it does appear that you're taking a pretty aggressive approach. My question is, is that something that we should view as driving potential improvements in the longer-term performance of domestic package business that this is offensive and we can see margin improvement looking out? Or is this something that is more a reflection of the big changes that are taking place in your core domestic market and this is really necessary to sustain what's historically been a very strong position for you? So, sorry, that's a bit longwinded, but just trying to get a sense is this  all this change puts you in an offensive position or is it kind of defense versus a rapidly changing market? Thank you.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay, Tom. Thanks for the question. I'll take the first part of it, then I'll hand it over to Richard. And I do agree with the way you position the question. And I think the longer we wait to take on some of these challenges, which are also opportunities, the more defensive position we would be in. We made a conscious decision that we needed to take an offensive position, and we needed to readjust our strategic initiatives, and we needed to ramp up our investments and we needed to  I'd call it, supercharge the level of change that we are doing in our company. We have this proud company that's been very successful, and we're all glad to be a part of that. But we issued a challenge to our people, and that was that if we continue to do business the same way we do today, and this was a year or two ago, that we didn't see as rosy a future for the company or for the shareholders as we would if we took a much more aggressive stand that if we charged into the future and that's what you've been seeing as do the last 1.5 year or so. And that's what we will continue to do. Take ourselves out of our comfort zone, address the opportunities that have been given in front of us. Richard, why don't you give a few examples of what I'm talking about?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: When we look right now, we know that we're in the first year of a three-year, we call it, peak capital. And what you see in 2018 is you're going to get a lot of capacity that we haven't really seen added to the network. And that's all going to come in the second half of the year. So we've got a lot of the upfront expense in our numbers, with the benefits start layering-in in 2019 and in 2020. And that's one of the reasons that we called out specifically that the op expense and the Saturday capability were investments. We're now looking right now at about 50% of the population on Saturday. A year ago, we were effectively at probably under 3% or 4% of the population on Saturday. So when you look at the op expense, you kind of see things like that going on along with the step-up costs required as you open a building before the building opens. When we look at the quarter itself, what we recognize is on an apples-to-apples basis, we do see the business about where it was last year. But understand that it's being masked because you've got about $230 million in the domestic that was a credit that is no longer in the operating margin. You've got discount rate change, the weather, along with all these investments. But underlying or masking all of our underlying performance, are these callouts? And we do have a deliberate strategy over the next few years to continue to see benefits, to improve both the margin and leverage, and I think that's coming through the pricing information Kate talked about, the initiatives, both transformation and the smart logistics network, as well as the efficient use of that capital that's coming in. Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question. This question comes from Helane Becker from Cowen. And her question is as you think about the investments you are making for the long-term, are you confident that you're getting ahead of the growth?
Juan R. Perez - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for the question. A couple of things that we wanted to mention on that question. First, we're very busy building capacity and capabilities to support growth and continue to build out our smart logistics network. To support that growth, we're building not only regional hubs, but we're also modernizing facilities. We're bringing more automation into play. We're increasing capacity, all with good return on investment. Just to give you an example, in 2018 alone, we will be opening 18 new or modified facilities, and we will also be increasing capacity in our small sorts with the opening of multiple small sorts. In total this year, we will have an additional new 5 million square feet of sort capacity, and that's not only for the Domestic side. We're also building out for International 1 million square feet in places like Paris, Eindhoven, and Montral. And I would say here in the U.S., places that definitely need that capacity, like Atlanta, Phoenix, Salt Lake City, Kentucky, Florida, they will all some good necessary capacity. We have more projects coming in line in 2019 and 2020. And we will continue to review trends to make adjustments as needed. Thanks for the question.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: I want to add a point. This is Jim. Real quick on the point is that as we build capacity, there are some key priorities that we have to keep in mind, and that is that what goes in the networks have to be right for the network to drive the right ROIC. We've talked about that concept here this morning. And we do think, by the way, as package sizes are changing across global supply chains, it's where some of the unique opportunity exists to start going across business units, and leverage the power of our supply chain business next to our express business, next to the domestic businesses. So yes, it's about capacity, but it's also making sure that the right products are going in the right networks at the right price points to drive the ROICs and our shareholders' return, and we're confident that a lot of this transformation is going to take us there.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Let's take another online question. This question is coming from Jairam Nathan from Daiwa. His question is, do you see Amazon extending its presence in your sector through Ship with Amazon initiatives, and is that a lingering issue for the industry?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is David. It's very hard to predict what Amazon or any other of our large shippers are going to do. And we make sure that we evaluate any market moves, whatever impact it would have on our business, and then we monitor and we react accordingly. When it comes to e-commerce, we really feel that we are the vendor of choice. It's a fast-growing opportunity that we're best-in-class and our network is scalable, difficult to match because of the density and our diverse customer base. And when it comes to the B2B side of the business, we can talk about B2C so much that we sometimes just don't mention the fact that we are the largest shipper of B2B. It is right in our sweet spot. And we work with all customers, large and small, and marketplace and traditional retailers, and we will continue to do so. So we think we have a good relationship, mutually beneficial relationship with Amazon, but we're open for business for all retailers, big and small. And thank you for the question.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Matt Reustle of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Reustle - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to touch on your guidance for free cash flow in 2018. I know there are some one-time items in there. But when you look at what's coming on in the back half of the year, it seems like you should have some pretty good operating momentum into 2019 and obviously beyond. So is it achievable to hit that $4.5 billion again in 2019 and 2020? Can you talk on a little bit of that, of how much operating momentum you'll have, and how that will translate into free cash flow?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Matt, I think the first thing to remember is that $4.5 billion to $5 billion we did call out that the tax helped us, and that's one of the reasons we've had actually the best free cash flow we've seen in more than a decade for this quarter. That being said, we do see improving impacts from the different initiatives, but the timing is slightly off, and it's just a little too early for me to tell you exactly how 2019 and 2020 will  but I will tell you that if you take 2017 as a reference point and 2018, we'll be closer to 2018. But I just can't give you enough information yet because we're still finalizing some plans on some of the transformation as well as other strategic initiatives we have that we need to vet out before I give the guidance on 2019.
Matthew Reustle - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Understood, thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question. This question comes from Dave Ross of Stifel. His question is, when do you get the 747-8 start entering the fleet? Will they compete in the airfreight market at all or just focus on UPS International Package? And then, how many are growth versus replacement aircraft?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: That's from David I think. So it's Jim. Let me field that one. It's a couple of questions in there all together. I'll try and package it. They started entering the fleet late last year in 2017, to this quarter, five. All of them began their life, if you will, out in Asia. But remember, this is all about growth, capacity in a cascading effect all back into the United States to upgrade our aircraft. At this point, they're not taking aircraft out. We have to adjust as life goes forward. But I can tell you a couple of things. Obviously, we know about the efficiency and the great benefits the 747-8s bring into the network. With five of them in here, now we connect the network, and we've also been able in the first quarter to launch our first direct flight 747 from Louisville to Dubai as part of the addition of the networks, which is great. All of the 747-8s are managing to run at about 95% utilization across this network, so the timing couldn't be better. Filling out this year, we're all done with this year. Looking forward, we should have nine new ones come into fleet, a mix of 747-8s and 767s. The concept of what you use them for, you use them for the right revenue per plane that makes it work, and that's usually a blend of obviously the Package business. We put some freight on them when it's right, and at other times, we'll put other mix on them. But in general, that very much aligns to the strategy and across the entire global network. It starts in Asia, but really ripples through the whole network. So that's how we are, David?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Jim, you did mention first, daily flight to Dubai. Could you talk a little bit more about that and tie it into this Expo 2020, our plans?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Absolutely. When David asked me to step into the international position a few years ago, one of the white spots we saw on the map was the Middle East. We knew we had just kind of our model, had not really put our brand where it needed to be. So in 2014-2015, we launched the Indian subcontinent, Middle East and Africa piece of the business. It typically now is the fastest growing piece of the network across the globe. At the same time we saw great value and some of the partnership opportunities we signed on with Expo 2020. As the official logistics provider, our partnerships and customer collaboration have continued to grow over the last four or five years. And we felt like the time was right here in the beginning of 2018, giving the trade connections and our growing U.S. export business to put a direct flight in. And so we picked up a day. Our customers are excited about it. As much as that, the connection inside of the Middle East now expands itself and we are able to actually pull business out of the other geos into the Middle East. So we're really excited about that, and that connection from Louisville direct to Dubai is just the next step as we move towards 2020.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Supply Chain & Freight is growing very nicely right now. Could you just address some of the strategic moves you're making there to take advantage of the good environment? And also address maybe some of the things you're doing on the expense side to address that specifically? Thanks.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure, Scott. This is Jim again. That, with many of the other initiatives started three or four years ago, where we looked at our distribution business, our supply chain business. Coyote was not in the network yet, Marken hadn't come on yet, but we knew that it also needed to be essentially to certain extent transformed. It ties into the work now that Scott, and we've talked about here this morning, but we needed to really start to lower the cost base and be very selective about getting the right mix in those businesses. Oftentimes, it meant middle market, different geos, different verticals. We always had the health care business as one of our key strategic verticals and we've kind of stuck to our knitting quite frankly. We've continued to add to them. We'll talk about that more perhaps in a couple of months. But the last two points I'd like to reinforce as well as some of the acquisitions that we've made, obviously, David talked about the growth that Alan brought to us the last couple of years. The acquisition of Coyote you are seeing start to manifest itself on the supply chain. Marken came on a little while ago in the health care space as well. It's doing very, very well for us and the supply chain segment for us, it continues to have different capabilities, very much aligned to the strategy. And they like the International Package business and certainly the U.S. going forward continue to optimize themselves and grow and become more material in the portfolio. So we're excited about that as well, and transformation will continue to fuel the supply chain segment. So, appreciate the question.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Childress. Please go ahead, sir. That does conclude our Q&A.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thank you for joining us. David, I'll turn it over to you for closing comments.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay, thanks, Scott. We have, as you can tell, expanded the scope of our transformation. The new multiyear initiatives will make UPS more efficient. And also you can see we made a significant step up in network capabilities. We continue to see strong growth opportunities for UPS across every one of our business units. We're focused on executing our strategies, strategies that will make us more efficient, strategies that will focus on pricing and strategies that will continue to use technology to allow us to grow our business through offerings that we could not do without that technology, and of course, increase our flexibility across the network. So we look forward to sharing with you the benefits from our new transformation initiatives in the coming months. And thank you all for joining us on the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We'd like to thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Childress - IR Officer David Abney - CEO Richard Peretz - CFO Myron Gray - President, U.S. Operations Jim Barber - President, International Alan Gershenhorn - EVP and Chief Commercial Officer Kate Gutmann - Chief Sales and Solutions Officer
Analysts: Allison Laundry - Credit Suisse Brian Ossenbeck - JP Morgan Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Jack Atkins - Stephens Tom Wadewitz - UBS David Vernon - Bernstein Jairam Nathan - Daiwa Bank Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Group - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is now yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Also joining us today is Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments well make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectation for the future performance or results of operation of our Company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2016 Form 10-K and 2017 10-Qs. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the quarter, UPS recorded a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $607 million. The charge resulted from lower discount rates and was partially offset by higher asset returns. Also, in the quarter as a result of tax legislation in 2017, we recorded a one-time income tax benefit of $258 million. In the prior year period, UPS recorded a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $1.7 billion. The charge resulted from lower discount rates somewhat offset by asset returns. More details on the mark-to-market accounting are available in a presentation on the UPS Investor Relations website. GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter 2017 was $1.27. Excluding the impact of mark-to-market pension charges and the one-time tax benefit, adjusted earnings per share for the quarter was $1.67, while fourth quarter 2016 GAAP diluted earnings per share was a loss of $0.27 and adjusted earnings per share was $1.63. Unless stated otherwise, discussions today will refer to adjusted results. The webcast of todays call along with the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Webcast users can submit live questions during todays call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Now, I will turn the call over to David.
David Abney: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. In 2017, UPS made significant progress on our strategic initiatives, expanding our capabilities, implementing new technology, and further penetrating high-growth markets. The successful execution of our growth strategies was apparent in the strong revenue gains made across all segments of the business. In the fourth quarter, we produced one of the highest revenue growth rates of the last decade. Revenue grew by more than 11% to nearly $19 billion and we generated healthy returns on capital investments. The International and Supply Chain and Freight segments exceeded our expectations. Theyre well-positioned, as favorable market conditions and strong execution, are driving their results. The International segment generated their 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in operating profit. The Supply Chain and Freight business delivered over 20% revenue growth and expanded operating profit more than 50%. Demand in our U.S. segment reached record levels with revenue up more than 8% during the quarter. However, headwinds from capacity constraints due to cyber-period volume surges weighed on our results. Following my remarks, U.S. Operations President, Myron Gray and International President, Jim Barber will provide additional comments. I just returned from the World Economic Forum in Davos. I left more optimistic about the global economy and the opportunities that exist. Given the favorable economic outlook and the momentum weve carried over from 2017, we expect demand for our services to be robust throughout 2018. To support this growth, were bringing our largest network expansion in recent history, online this year. Another reason for optimism is the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which is already producing economic growth and improving U.S. competitiveness around the world. We applaud Congress and the President for taking bold action to boost the U.S. economy. The savings were realizing from tax reform will enable us to unlock significant resources across the organization. UPS will increase investments in our people, technology, fleets, facilities, and our portfolio. This will generate more value for our customers, more opportunities for our people, and greater returns for our shareowners. The growth in ecommerce, cross-border trade, and the needs of our customers for specialized services are creating unprecedented demand for our domestic and international air services. Given the benefits from the tax act and our tremendous growth opportunities, were announcing the purchase of 14 additional 747-8 aircraft and four new Boeing 767 Freighters. While we are investing and transforming our global network, we have also expanded the scope of transformation at UPS. Our team is rapidly moving through the evaluation stage and identifying additional multiyear, value-creating opportunities. We look forward to sharing more information with you later this year. Looking at global market conditions, the healthy mixture of consumer spending, manufacturing activity, and business investment should lead to a strong 2018. In the U.S., economists have raised their views of 2018 GDP growth by 50 basis points above last year and now expect industrial production growth above 3%. Outside the U.S., growth is expected to remain elevated in 2018, driven by the increased pace of global trade. I am encouraged by the progress we are making on our strategic initiatives and by the direction of the global economy. Before I turn it over to Myron, Id like to recognize two management changes. First, I want to welcome Scott Price to the UPS team. He is leading our new enterprise-wide transformation initiatives and heads our corporate strategy team. He brings broad experience in international trade, retail and the logistics industry. I also want to wish Alan Gershenhorn the very best in retirement. Alan has made an enduring impact on UPS for the past 38 years. He helped us grow from a $3 billion small package business to a more than $65 billion global leader. Alan, thanks for your many contributions. I also want to personally thank the 435,000 UPSers around the world, for their extraordinary determination, efforts and achievements throughout 2017. Myron?
Myron Gray: Thanks and good morning. UPS had record volume levels during peak, demonstrating continued strong demand for our services. We made 762 million deliveries worldwide, which was 7% more than last year and 12 million more than our initial plan. In fact, we delivered more than 30 million packages on 90% of the days between Thanksgiving and Christmas. By comparison, just two years ago, only 20% of peak days were over 30 million. While growth was strong, variability of digital demand created challenges during the peak period, as volume accelerated above our projections. In fact, in the U.S. online orders created during the record settings Cyber Weekend resulted in nearly 20% more package volume than last year. Coming out of the weekend, volume growth continued to be strong. The early surge pushed our U.S. network above its maximum capacity. The added cost increased operating expense by about $125 million. We recovered well after managing this initial surge with improvements in a broad range of measures including cost per unit and on-time service. Our strategies and investments are focused on operating our network with the higher degree of real-time flexibility. Using the latest technology, were optimistic about the future. As we move quickly to bring new capabilities online and adapt UPS operations. Our actions will strengthen the operational leverage that generates long-term value for investors. This year, you will see a significant shift in technology-enabled volume processing with the phase-in of much more highly automated capacity. Worldwide, we expect to open 18 new retrofit faculties in 2018. This includes three major U.S. ground hubs, the first major ground hubs weve added in more than two decades. The overwhelming majority of these facilities will be here in the U.S. and key geographies that were constrained during peak. In total, these new permanent facilities will add more than 5 million square feet of flexible, technology-driven capabilities. In 2018, were adding 6 times more sorting capacity and 3 times as many car positions as we added last year. Additionally, were enhancing the efficiency of our air network in 2018, adding nine incremental aircraft to the UPS fleet including six 747-8 and three converted 767s. Also in the air network, were upgrading our regional air hubs to greatly enhance throughput efficiency. These hubs will help Worldport better manage weather and spread peak volume surges to more locations. In 2018, customers will get more Saturday options at UPS and will reach a total of 5,800 cities and towns, when the rollout is complete later this year. In the area of enhanced technology, we have several key initiatives coming online. Were implementing the next generation release of UPS network planning tools and starting the initial rollout of dynamic ORION technology in 2018. We are also expanding our virtual assistant and help center technologies to improve accuracy, while also streamlining customer support. Mobile technology will expand with Dynamic Sort and new delivery applications, and we are implementing smart trailer technology across 100% of our fleet, which supports digital, real-time location and greatly improves utilization. All of these tools will enable our facilities and our network to more efficiently manage package flow and growth. Additionally, we are focused on other actions to help manage fields and to ensure our pricing is aligned with our cost to serve. I am encouraged by what stands before us, the vast growth opportunities and network enhancements that enables UPS to fulfill the high demand for our services. UPS operates a global logistics network, connecting the world. And now, Jim will share his comments on our International businesses. Jim?
Jim Barber: Thanks, Myron, and good morning. As David mentioned earlier, the International segment and the Supply Chain and Freight segment generated excellent top and bottom line results during the fourth quarter. Our international value preposition is to offer powerful global network and portfolio that connects buyers and sellers through seamless cross-border movements at the right time and price for their needs. This positions us to benefit from strong year-end demand typical of peak season. In fact, this year reflects our capacity during peak to deliver about 35% to 40% more volume versus our average daily levels. As a result of our teams strong execution, the International segment generated revenue growth of nearly 13% in the fourth quarter with balanced growth across all markets. Operating profit increased 19% on a currency neutral basis, our 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit gains. These results are really the outcome of work begun four years ago. In Europe, the $2 billion investment cycle is allowing to reach the increased network speed and capacity. In the fourth quarter, Pan European exports increased more than 20%. This year, we will have even more capability for growth, as we open new hubs in Paris, London, and in Netherlands. In Asia, we are driving greater market access and capability expansion in China, and other markets. Weve built the customer base to fill the new air capacity coming online, from the new 747-8 freighters. We are serving key lanes, leveraging our Shenzhen air hub for access into and out of the region with high utilization rates. In 2015, the Supply Chain and Freight segment rebuilt our foundation for success by strengthening cost management, aligning with customers who committed to grow with us, and positioning the business for the overall market rebound. On these pillars, the global forwarding and distribution units delivered an impressive fourth quarter with revenue up more than 25%, while both approaching double-digit margins. Like the International segment, this group also built a series of improved quarterly performances through 2017. While the power of our network, portfolio and people are largely responsible for our results, we know that to stay on the path for profitable growth we also need to expand our relationships and capabilities. We completed four strategic acquisitions and into new alliances during 2017 that are providing new solutions and connectivity for customers worldwide. First, we established a joint venture with SF Express, the leading logistics provider in China. Together, we are leveraging our complementary networks. And weve launched a great lower cost international solution thats gaining strong customer acceptance. UPS was also selected as the official logistics partner for Expo 2020 Dubai. Weve already expanded our network to support our growing customer base in the Middle East, including a new direct flight between Dubai and Worldport. The Company made great regional and local market capability acquisitions in Europe with Freightex and Nightline Logistics. These deals brought local knowledge and market savvy, plus gave us access to a broader customer base. Integration is going according to plan and these units are already making solid contributions to the business. In summary, our International business is operating in an opportunity-rich market populated by cross-border commerce. Im very optimistic about our prospects for continued strong top and bottom-line contributions to UPSs overall business. Thanks. And now, Ill turn it over to Richard.
Richard Peretz: Thanks, Jim. During the fourth quarter, UPS produced outstanding revenue growth of over 11%. Top-line gains were balanced across all business segments. Earnings per share came in at $1.67 and full year EPS was $6.01 despite an almost $0.30 headwind from currency. As you heard, significant network enhancements are forthcoming. Were executing well on our growth strategies. And the scope of transformation has expanded. The new tax reforms recently passed provide UPS with unique opportunities, and the economic outlook is calling for synchronized global growth, all good things for our business. Now, turning to the segments in the quarter. In the U.S., revenue increased $922 million or 8.4%. Ground and Deferred Air revenue were up over 9%. Volume growth was up 5.4%, nearly all industry sectors grew. Average daily ground shipments improved by 5.7% and Next Day Air was up almost 5%. Product yields were strong as total revenue per piece increased nearly 3%. These rates were above our target range of 2% to 3% and help offset product and customer mix. The segment was affected by operating costs associated with known projects yet to come on line by about $60 million. As David and Myron have discussed, cost around the cyber-period was above our expectations in the quarter. We estimate the impact of the additional expense to be about $125 million. Domestic operating profit was slightly below $1.3 billion for the quarter. Now, looking at the International segment, which produced outstanding results with revenue growth of almost 13% on continued strong export shipments, the segment overachieved on our financial targets. International revenue for package increased 4.2% as yield initiatives drove strong base rate. Premium products grew faster than non-premium as they have done all year. The segments operating profit was $760 million, up 7.6%. Adjusting for currency, profit increased almost 19%. Lets turn to Supply Chain and Freight. Total revenue increased 21% with gains across all business units. The operating profit was up more than 50% to $270 million, the highest ever for the segment. And operating margins expanded just 8.3%. Forwarding and distribution revenue increased more than 25% to $2.3 billion. UPS Freight revenue climbed 11% on higher shipments, solid tonnage growth and disciplined pricing strategies. The units focus on profitable middle market growth contributed solid operating profit gains and margin expansion. Prior investments and active strategies in the Supply Chain and Freight as well as the International segment produced outstanding returns. We expect similar results in the U.S. Domestic segment, as the investments go live and we implement key growth and pricing strategies. Now, lets turn to the balance sheet. In 2017, we used our strong cash flow, to reward shareowners, and took opportunistic action to lower risks. First, the Company paid a growing dividend to $2.9 billion and repurchased more than 16 million shares for about $1.8 billion. And second, we significantly lowered our long-term pension risk and planned redesign early in 2017. And at the end of the year, we made a tax efficient contribution to the pensions of $5 billion as a result of the new tax legislation. The funding allows us to optimize the tax benefit, lower ongoing expense, and further unlock cash flow, moving forward. The Company made capital expenditures in 2017 of $5.2 billion to advance our strategic investments. And it positions UPS to capitalize on the additional growth opportunities before us. Now, Ill turn to our guidance. Overall, the positive economic outlook and the benefits from tax reform will push our EPS guidance for 2018 above our long-term target. The full benefits of these tailwinds will be dampened by lower discount rates, the timing of projects coming on line and using some of the tax benefits strategically in the second half of the year, also the effect of the new transformation initiatives are not included in our guidance. Moving to the segments. In U.S., we expect revenue growth of 5% to 6%. Operating profit will include a drag of approximately $200 million, resulting from lower pension discount rates. Additionally, incremental upfront operating penalties associated with opening new buildings and the expansion of Saturday operations will be an additional $50 million. The timing of projects and go-live open dates will create larger drags in the first and second quarter.  Turning to the International segment. We are planning outstanding year of industry-leading financial results with revenue and operating profits at the high end of our targeted range. Revenue growth should be between 7% and 9%; operating profit is projected to grow between 10% and 12%. And in the Supply Chain and Freight segment, we anticipate the current momentum to continue with topline improvements of 6% to 8% and operating profit growth of 10% to 12%. With contribution from all the business units, we expect another year of outstanding results in this segment. At the total Company level, let me begin by talking about the recent tax change. These changes have a material impact on UPSs net income and cash flow, given our prior 35% tax rate. A number of detailed regulations are still being finalized. We will continue to monitor and update our expected rates as needed. Currently, we estimate our 2018 tax rate to be between 23% and 24%, and the first quarter to be about 200 basis points lower, due to the stock compensation accounting. Further, we expect to use around 20% of the benefit from tax reform to fund strategic initiatives in the second half of the year to enhance the value of our business for our customers, employees and shareowners. Ultimately, the net impact of the tax benefits to EPS is expected to be between $0.80 and $0.85. Our capital priorities remain the same. First, as a result to the new tax laws and our growth outlook, were moving up our capital investment level. In 2018, it will be between $6.5 billion and $7 billion. These levels assure we have significant improvements in our global network over the next several years, all while maintaining our industry best return on invested capital of between 23% and 28%. Second, we plan to reward shareowners with another year of growth in dividends, subject to Board approval and were planning share buybacks of approximately $1 billion in 2018. Overall, Company performance will be strong. As a result, we are forecasting adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $7.03 to $7.37, which includes additional expense for pension, Saturday expansion and start-up costs of new automated facilities as well as the strategic investments well make in the second half of 2018. As we look at the quarters, we anticipate the first quarter EPS growth to be between 15% and 18% as U.S. Domestic expands Saturday operations and increases expense for other projects. EPS growth rate will accelerate in the second and third quarters as project benefits increase. This year, there are two new accounting changes that will be implemented. Overall, these changes do not impact earnings per share growth. However, they will affect the segment results. We will provide you with additional detail and recast prior periods to reflect the adoption of the new accounting standards throughout 2018. Our current investment cycle is similar to other periods in our history where we invested to build in airline, a global business model and our supply chain capability. The initial short-term costs are soon replaced by long-term shareowner value. The multiyear strategy we laid out is in motion. UPS is in the right growth markets. Our solutions are resonating with our customers around the world and the opportunities before us are vast. Thank you. And now, Ill ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: Please ask only one question, so that we may accommodate more callers. Feel free to get back into the queue and we will take a second question, time permitting. Our first question
Scott Childress: Im sorry, Steven. Well go online question first. Weve got a question from Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. How confident are you in your ability to improve domestic margins in 2018? Can you help us bridge the margin gap between that and your long-term targets?
Richard Peretz: Sure. Allison, this is Richard. Good morning. Overall, when we look at 2018, the first thing we know is the growth in the U.S. remains strong and that strength we saw not only in the fourth quarter, but really we sequentially have seen it in 16 and 17, and its both on the volume side as well as the yield being at the higher end. We also know that some of the efficiencies that were getting in operations were masked both by our investment dollars and the op penalties weve talked about, but also from the higher cyber-period volume levels. In 2018, its not just all the new buildings that were opening, but its really also the beginning of some of the technology thats going to power the global smart logistics network going forward Myron talked about in his talk. So, we expect 2018 to have some challenges because of the investment dollars, but probably the biggest challenge well have domestically is the unplanned discount rate change. If you look over the last two weeks of December, we saw fluctuations in discount rates of between 20 and 40 basis points to where we ended up at the end of the year. And that has a big impact on the net operating costs. We also know that since this year has started, the longer term interest rate is starting to get more normalized shape on the curve, and thats going to help us as we remeasure pensions going forward in future years. But, this year, we dont know that drag around $200 million is going to be something that were going to have to deal with. But at the same time, the underlying business remains strong. We are putting the initiatives in place. And we are implementing the technology thats really going to drive the savings of the 800 to $1 billion we laid out for the global smart logistics network.
Scott Childress: Were going to take another online question. We have got a number of questions, four or five, about the international business, Brian Ossenbeck of JP Morgan, Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer, Jack Atkins. And really, its about how large can the International segment become? Are we positioned given the growth and the optimistic outlook that we are seeing? And then, can you tell us what the real potential there is?
Jim Barber: Okay. Brian, its Jim, I guess, and Jack and Scott. Look, we talk about this quite often within the management committee. With 95% of the consumers outside of the United States, a good piece of that in emerging markets which aligns to one of our Tier 1 strategies. Personally, I think that at some point in the future as our business continues to diversify, International will probably become bigger and larger for our shareholders than Domestic. We cant say when. We certainly want to continue to invest in and keep the U.S. Domestic business growing, because its the foundation of UPS and we dont want to lose that. But, the world continues to move; cross-border continues to grow seven times as fast as most domestic economies. The trick is to be there at the right time at the right place. We do get the competition it gets a little bit more complex from my perspective in each of the countries you go into, you go heads up against the post usually, a national champion, another integrator and maybe some new entrants. And so, the trick for us is to get to the right place at the right time. Youve seen that over the last couple of years, we will continue that strategy, and we hope all of our businesses continue to grow with pace but hopefully International continues to speed up and deliver for us. So, thanks for the question.
Operator: Question from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Good morning. Richard, I wanted to see if you could add some more perspective on cash flow and how you are thinking about uses of cash, probably like -- maybe both 2018 and if you want, 2019? The CapEx number obviously is a bit higher. What are your thoughts on, is there another big contribution to pension, is there remaining room for share buyback or do you kind of put share buyback on hold as you look at the higher CapEx spend and however pension [weaves] [ph] into that? Thank you.
Richard Peretz: Sure. So, to step back for a moment, Tom, our priorities havent changed. The number one priority is to reinvest in the business. We have maintained and continue to perform a return on invested capital that is the best in the industry. We also think the dividend is an important component of our capital structure. And as I mentioned in my talk, with Board approval, we expect to keep growing the dividend. And at the same time, flexibility is important in the balance sheet. The way I look at it is, we made a $5 billion contribution at the end of the year, really for three reasons. And one of them was it was tax efficient. That contribution was made at a time when you write it off at the higher tax rate of the legacy rate versus the new rate. Second, it improves cash flow, not only this year, but likely for the next few years. And then third, it lowers costs. If you think about the rising PBGC premiums which are going to be 380 basis points that youll pay in unfunded pension, my borrowing cost is more than 150 basis points below that. So, were going to continue to manage responsibly. We continue to believe that the strong cash flow from operations allows us to do all of this. And at the same time, taking advantage of the new tax laws with the CapEx thats really used to continue to grow our business, but also we get the 100% deduction for the next five years. So, when you put it all together, the [priorities] [ph] arent any different, we expect the same amount of return. And I guess the last thing is, if these discount rates do start coming back up, its a dramatically different view of both the liability side and the entire pension world. Its just been like almost 9 or 10 years since weve been in the normalized discount rate environment. No one expected them to be at what really are all time lows to more than 20, 30 years.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: One of the core issues here seems to be being able to price and get the productivity that you need to get earnings leverage in the domestic segment. Are you guys going to be making any changes commercially to how you approach the market in terms of the aggressiveness on fee increases or surcharges, based on what looks like another sort of tough year in terms of getting operating leverage to the Domestic segment?
Alan Gershenhorn: Dave, this is Alan. Thanks for the question. First of all, as you know, our strategy has been for quite some time to target base price increases in the range of 2% to 3%. And certainly, in the fourth quarter of 17, we did a phenomenal job with that. We actually finished with our base pricing above the high end of the target. And its one of the strongest consolidated RPP growth quarters that we had in the last decade. And it has been aided by some of the revenue management initiatives that we put in place. Were certainly doing a lot more with surgically managing our contracts, DIM weight has been a nice tailwind and this year weve now expanded that to the under one cube. And again, were focused really on the management of the accessorials including the additional handling fees, large package surcharge and you may have noticed that we more than doubled the price of over max. So, yes, were really focused on managing the yield, and keeping it between that 2% to 3%. And I think whats really exciting is the fact that we were able to achieve those yield gains with some of the higher volume growths that weve seen in -- and by the way thats happening both domestically, internationally and in our Supply Chain segments as you can see with the fantastic revenue growth we had this past quarter.
David Vernon: Given that we are getting that accelerating volume under the accelerating pricing, do you feel like you have a better opportunity there to use price to get ahead of this?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. Certainly, were going to continue to manage the enterprise customers in the middle market and with the goal of achieving those target-based price increases in the 2% to 3% range.
David Abney: This is David. And to summarize, Alan, no doubt about it, we are always analyzing our pricing alternatives. We want to make sure that we get compensated for the value that we provide. We believe that this year was a good step on that journey. We also believe there is more work to be done and we are going to continue to focus in that area. Thank you.
Scott Childress: Were going to take a online question. This question comes from Jairam Nathan from Daiwa Bank. How would Amazons entry into pharmaceutical impact UPSs prescription delivery operation? 
David Abney: This is David Abney. Thanks for question. First, Id have to tell you that we dont know exactly what Amazon is going to do in this area. There has been a lot of rumors and there has been some indications, but well have to wait and see. What we can tell you is that a few years ago, we identified the health care as a Tier 1 initiative; we felt that our capabilities lined up very well with the needs of the market. And we have been customizing solutions, not only in the pharmaceutical side, but in the other aspects of health care. And whether its coming directly from manufacturers or using distributors is just an area that we see our expertise, the complexity of the supply chain, the fact that it is global, and pharmaceutical is a good example of that and its been a good opportunity for us. As new players may come into the market, we believe that we will take advantage of our capabilities, and well continue to improve our capabilities in that area. Thank you.
Scott Childress: We are going to take another online question; this one is from Allison Laundry of Credit Suisse. How much additional revenue did UPS generate from peak surcharges in the fourth quarter, and how successful have your surcharges been in moving customer demand?
Kate Gutmann: Great. Good morning, Allison. This is Kate. Thanks for the question. So, with our peak season, surcharges for residential deliveries and large packages, we achieved our revenue target, and we were able to better align price with our cost to serve. We acquired as you may be aware, the residential during specific high volume periods and large packages for the full peak period. We have also announced in our 2018, peak surcharge plan for the -- in our GRI, and thats helping our customers to budget. As David mentioned, we have further to go over max, which is package characteristics outside of our weight and size limitations, did enter the network. We see that as an opportunity to go further. As Alan indicated, we are in 2018 and we are working with our customers to address that specific area. Thank you.
David Abney: This is David. Just to add to what Kate said. We believe also that these peak surcharges did help us to some extent shape the volume around the period, especially peak week. We were able to get packages moved into the week before and non-critical packages moved the week after. Well say that around Cyber Week, we didnt have quite the success that we thought we would into shaping. And we are going to look at that and that will be an area of focus for this year.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: I wanted to talk about CapEx for a moment and take a look back, over the last many years, we havent seen anything sort of approaching this, but get your point about sort of building youre your fleet in previous decades. Maybe you can put into some context maybe the duration of the spend. Weve seen a really rapid ramp up from a fairly stable level couple of years ago. How long would you anticipate sort of these elevated levels? And can you give us any sort of benchmarks to use as a percent of revenue and maybe absolute dollars for that period of time? That would be helpful.
Richard Peretz: Sure. Again, Chris, this is Richard. And I think, the first thing you have to look at is, there are -- and we talked about between 25% and 30% growth from 2013 until this year, when we finally first took another plane. If you think about the value creation of our air products and our international products, and its apparent that thats an area where we want invest as much as we can, as often as we can, because it does bring return very quickly to the bottom-line. And so, now, were going to have a total of almost 28, 747s, as well as about seven 767 that weve announced. At the end of the day, the next few years, we expect these kind of levels, somewhere between 9% and 10%, 8.5% and 10% of revenues to stay. In fact, our plans right now for the next three year are stay pretty much as these kind of levels. And its accretive to the business and then you get the 100% deductibility for your investments. If you go back a few years, we kind of announced almost something similar in the International business where about -- by the end of this year will be about 75% of the way through the investments and were all seeing the kind of results were getting out of that. So, we see that as a good proof point. And with that as the technology and what were doing in the business, we believe that these are the right places to put the dollars; its got the best return on invested capital; and its going to bring the return that we expect.
David Abney: And just one small point to add is that if youve been following us for quite a while, then you do know that weve had these kind of elevated CapEx percent of revenue before. Its just that over the recent five or six years weve been at this lower level. But, if you look at a longer timeframe, youre going to see that this is not really an exception; this is maybe slightly higher, but very close to what we have averaged. So yes, for the next few years, we are really growing our international export business and our premium products. We see that this is an opportunity to take advantage of that and we are certainly going to do so.
Scott Childress: Were going to take another online question. This one is from Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Bascome has, what led to the external executive hire of Scott Price, Chief Transformation Officer, what objectives has management set, and is there any time horizons that you can gave us?
David Abney: Okay. This is David. Ill answer. And we are very happy to have Scott with his experience come and join us. We have brought people in from the outside on many occasions from outside the Company, we never, at this level, but we believe with the pace of change, and that is just good to maybe add to our expertise with a little bit of external perspective, although Scott has been in the industry for quite a while. Our focus is going to be on growing the business, on finding efficiencies throughout the business and creating opportunities for our Company and our employees. But, we have to examine all parts of our business. So, if there is one thing that I made it very clear to Scott is that there is an open canvas, there is nothing protected; I want to examine all parts of our business. We are rapidly moving through our evaluation stage now. I focus on rapidly because Scotts spend here six weeks or so and he is really made a lot of gains and he is working quickly with our team. We are identifying multiyear value creation opportunities. And we will be sharing more, later in the year, really excited about this opportunity, and Scott has the full support of the entire management team. Thank you.
Scott Childress: Weve got another online question here, this one from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Can you give us some more updates on the efficiencies generated with ORION and the other technologies that you are implementing?
Myron Gray: Yes. So, this is Myron. We are implementing key operations technologies; thats a multiyear process. We anticipate that when fully deployed, these technologies will result in 800 to a $1 billion annually at full implementation. This includes ORION, NPT, EDGE, as well as the facility automation. As we continue to build out this network of the future, it will certainly provide us with greater flexibility, greater connectivity to our customers, and capacity and efficiency. This year, we will continue to roll out Phase 2 of ORION, which obviously is dynamic route optimization to over 130 centers and 1,400 drivers. Phase 1 of ORION, we netted greater than our expected targeted savings of 6 to 8 miles per driver and over $410 million.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good morning. So, just looking back to the last few years, you talked a lot about the control tower through peak season to ensure you didnt get swamped again. It sounded like there were some capacity issues in the beginning. What in hindsight, and then going forward, what needs to be changed or adjusted on that ability to control the volumes, or is it if volumes come, we just need to take it and scale the network as quick as possible? Maybe you could talk a little bit about that David?
Kate Gutmann: Thank you, Ken. This is Kate. Ill take that. You are correct. The collaboration as well as the control tower in forecasting that we did with our customers this year actually increased in collaboration. Also, we added location level planning to this. And for the peak period, it actually worked very well. The forecasts were aligned and the control tower, which is the request of the large customers to go above their forecast, worked well. The example of that is peak week, as David mentioned, worked especially well during those critical last few days to do the wrap up, and gave us a strong finish. But Cyber Week and weekend was the exception, and definitely more demand in the market than planned. You may have seen that the National Retail Federation noted that holiday retail sales came in 5.5% or almost 45% higher than their forecast. And that marks the fastest pace of growth in the post-recession era. So, definitely, more demand in the market, and as a result, more demand than we forecasted at UPS and then our customers forecasted. We did have some customers that were able to shift volume into the two weeks after Cyber Week through self gifting promotions and even giving promotion dollars back to customers. And we are going to emphasize that initiative with additional retailers to help move some of that demand into the latter week. But, as Myron noted earlier, we did deliver, over 90% of the days were over 30 million packages. So that increased demand. And we will take all these learnings for Cyber Week and apply them to 2018 and just as weve been able to really make some significant impact in the other weeks of the peak period.
David Abney: Yes. Just one last thing on Cyber Week. That old saying that rising tides lift all boats thats the thing that we were facing. If it was 2 or 3 large customers, the control tower -- its 20 large customers, the control tower can be very effective in those regards. But, this was not just the large customers, this was throughout the network. And this is something that was in our network, but it was in the other networks throughout the country too. So that is why weve got to really take a look at for Cyber Week. One of the things is weve added a lot of additional capacity this year that has been covered and much more than in 2017, and weve added more technology. So, I know that weve been in much better shape from that regard. But, were going to take a good look at the control tower and what we need to do around Cyber Week and well be talking about that further in the year.
Scott Childress: Were going to take an online question; this comes from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Do the benefits of the Tax and Jobs Act to the economy, combined with improve trade lead you to believe that you should be positioned to exceed your long-term earnings per share targets?
David Abney: Okay. This is David. Ill take the first part of the question and Ill hand it over to Rich. First, we want to applaud the President and Congress for passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We really believe that its going to stimulate the economy and create jobs, and those jobs are going to create more shipments, which creates more jobs and more opportunities for UPS. It certainly makes the American companies more competitive. And were also encouraged about the trade. Trade last year did exceed the percent growth of GDP. And at the same time that we are encouraged, were a little cautious too. We have matter [ph] that is being negotiated now and we certainly hope and expect that it will be modernized, but it will stay in place. And we hope that other trade agreements, Brexit and those things that they have a pretty smooth conclusion, so that they will continue to be a boost of trade and not the opposite. So that being said, Ill turn it over to Richard, Company specific.
Richard Peretz: Sure. So, Jack, first, we put out guidance, its somewhat around 20% EPS growth, and we also told you that between $0.80 and $0.85 of that is for the net benefit of tax, which in essence tells you that somewhere around a third of it is underlying business. Thats even with a hit for the discount rate that we had called out. So, if you think about it, we are already seeing that economic activity, our guidance on the revenue numbers of all the segments are at the higher end of our range that we laid out last year. And so, we do believe that the tax reform is creating economic growth. We also believe that were participating in that. Unfortunately some of that masked because of both the discount rates and the investments we are making. But at the end of the day, we are seeing a pretty good growth rate, even taking the headwinds that we mentioned.
Scott Childress: We are going to take another online question. Weve got a number of questions coming in about the competitive landscape in Europe and our ability to continue to win share in that market?
Jim Barber: Okay, Scott. This is Jim, by the way. I think that we get this question quite often. Frankly, its about the TNT situation and the cyber attack. And again, I keep reiterating this as long as Im around it. I dont know wish that on any one, any competitor or any business in this world. It did happen, it created opportunity for us. If I look at the last couple of years, I just would also like, though to reflect on the fact that we were building capabilities in Europe and European networks since we announced the $2 billion acquisition. Rich talked a minute ago about, at the end of this year, well be 75% of the way through; thats a capacity play. We also have launched international dangerous goods, these dangerous goods in the region to complement that. And at the same time, we continue to expand our transporter network to basically have 80 plus percent of that, knock wood, touch in two days every buyer and seller on the continent. So, we have invested, in my mind, nicely, irrespective of the competitive landscape. You have to pay attention to it. Very specifically, when the cyber attack did hit, we saw more customers coming to us, there is no question about that. But, I also would tell you that if I compare the fourth quarter of this year to the fourth quarter of last year, we continue to grow. So, there was a spike, but -- and then, the last thing I would tell you is, its our job to keep those customers. And quite frankly, from what we see on our side, those -- the vast majority of those customers are staying with UPS because when they come in and start to feel the benefits of the network, they choose to stay with us. So, hopefully, well get into 2018 and beyond and prove that the cyber was the one-time deal for everyone, quite frankly in the market, and we just go compete and take the UPS brand to the market in Europe.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Scott Group, Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning guys. So, I want to try and marry some of the pricing comments and the CapEx comments. So, it sounds like, still targeting 2% to 3% pricing. I guess, I would ask why not target 4% to 5% pricing, just to pick a number, something significantly higher than what you are targeting; take a little as volume growth. And I think if you get less volume growth, maybe need to spend less on CapEx. So, as you talk about like transformation and initiatives, is something like that a major change in strategy or more price less volume, less CapEx? Is that something that is being talked about, is that on the table in any way or is that sort of not the plan right now?
Jim Barber: So, first of all, there is a tremendous opportunity in the market right now with the growth in the market and also the ability to grow with that market. And we continuously monitor and analyze the supply and demand, and work the price to the value of our network and the portfolio of services that we have. And then, we also surgically ensure that were pricing to our cost to serve. And I think some great examples of that is what weve done with dimensional weight last year and what were doing wit it this year, what were doing with additional handling, with the peak surcharge, with our cell by cell GRI assessments. Theyre all kind of great examples of that. So yes, so, were continuing to monitor the market and analyze that and make sure that were pricing our services for the value that were providing and certainly returning that back to the shareowners. With that, Ill give it over to Richard.
Richard Peretz: Scott. In addition to what Alan said, if you go back to few years, our yields on a per package basis was 0.5%, 1%. So, we have taken a much more thorough look and continue to look at the yield side. But to the other side of it is also the total profit growth and how were creating value. Because in total, as we grow profits, if were bringing back 20 to 20 -- or 23% to 28% return on invested capital, we know were creating more value for the shareholders. So, there is tremendous amount of effort, not on both the top-line and the bottom-line. We have a plan, and each business unit, its very specific. And a few years ago, the same question could have been asked by about the two other business units. And now, youre seeing the result of really the strategies weve put in place for each of those. And so, we have a deliberate strategy in the U.S. We think at the end, the shareholders will be very happy with the return were getting. And its really about putting all the pieces together, just as weve done in the other segments.
David Abney: And just to recap, and both covered it very well. Lets dont get confused though, target pricing with a cap on pricing. Because as the opportunity creates itself, obviously, going to the top end of the target pricing or exceeding that as long, as we are providing the value and the market will hold that, we certainly look to that area. A lot about this CapEx increase that we are doing is also about bending the cost curve, reducing our cost, adjusting to this new ecommerce world that is rapidly migrating. So, its a combination. We are not looking at pricing on one side and then separate from that were looking it CapEx and how we can take cost out. This is an integrated model that were constantly looking at all aspects of.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the program back over to Mr. Scott Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress: Yes. I would like to thank you. And then, Ill turn it over to David for his closing comments.
David Abney: Okay. Before, I get into my closing comments Richard has given me hand signal. So, Richards got something hed like to cover, and then Ill close.
Richard Peretz: I just want to real quickly mention that as we move into 2018, there are two accounting standards that will change segment reporting. There is revenue recognition and the pension accounting, I call it the geography of where pension accounting will break out the pieces of it and some of it will stay in operating margin and other pieces will move below the line. So, it will have an impact on the margins going forward. Before the next call, well probably put out some kind of schedule on the web page to give an understanding. But ultimately, all these changes do not impact EPS, but they will impact operating margin by business units, and some of those will become more volatile based on whats happening in discount rates. So for example, you could see anywhere from 125 to 250 basis-point change in Domestic; you could see anywhere around 40 to 70 in International; and in Supply Chain, between a 100 and a 150. A lot of it has to do with how you recognize revenue and then how the pieces of pension get moved around. But, its something in 2018 we will be adopting, we will be recasting last years numbers, but its something that going forward we will need to talk about as we get through 2018 actuals.
David Abney: And as Richard said, those puts and takes, they do not affect EPS; its just the way we look at the business units. We are, as you have heard, transforming our network for growth and we are doing it now and we were basing it on providing both value now and long-term value to our shareholders. 2018 is a big year for smart logistics network. We are adding significant capabilities both in buildings and aircraft and technology. We continue to see strong growth opportunities for UPS. Were focusing on advancing our strategies and we are doing it for our customers and for our investors. So, all that being said today, thank you for joining us on the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our call. Wed like to thank you for your participation today. Have a lovely day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc. David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc. Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc. Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc. James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc. Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc. Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.
Analysts: Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Brian P. Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome, everyone, to the UPS Investor Relations Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Also joining us today is Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectation for the future performance or results of operations of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, which are described in detail in our 2016 Form 10-K and 2017 10-Qs. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The webcast of today's call, along with the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will focus on answering questions of a long-term and strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Now, I will turn the call over to David.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Scott; and good morning, everyone. Again this quarter, we are reporting solid UPS results with revenue gains and good execution in our segments. Our performance is driven by UPS's high-value solutions, broad portfolio of services, efficient global network, and strategic investments. Let me first take a moment to recognize the difficult conditions created by several recent natural disasters and the incredible way our team responded to these challenges. Some of the communities we serve have been severely impacted and we've been focused on restoring service to those areas. I want to express my personal appreciation to thousands of UPSers around the world for their dedication, working side-by-side in their communities and on their routes delivering life-sustaining supplies. In addition, the UPS Foundation committed more than $3 million to support the relief efforts throughout the U.S., Caribbean and Mexico. I can't emphasize enough how proud we are of the UPS team and their great work. It's this kind of teamwork that gives me confidence that we're well prepared to carry momentum forward to deliver a successful peak season. Kate Gutmann will provide details on peak at the conclusion of my comments. Now, let's take a look at the company's performance. During the quarter our focused execution, combined with our ability to capitalize on market opportunities, enabled UPS to meet our financial expectations. Our e-commerce and cross-border solutions help UPS deliver strong revenue growth of 7% on a 4.6% increase in daily shipments. In the U.S. increasing demand for UPS Next Day Air and Ground products drove revenue growth. Focus on fundamentals, combined with the benefits of recent investments, produce good results, especially when you consider the unexpected headwinds we faced. The International segment continues to serve as a growth engine for the business; producing record third quarter operating profits. Several actions taken this quarter were designed to accelerate that growth in the future. In Europe, UPS's enhanced network capabilities enabled market share gains, clearly about 20% growth in intra-Europe exports shipments is evidence of that success. In Asia, our joint venture with SF Express was approved. We're moving forward with plans to develop a cobranded, highly-competitive export product for Chinese businesses shipping to the U.S., positioning us for more growth in the small and medium-size customer base. We will expand this offering to other markets in the future to ensure UPS has enough international air capacity to meet growing needs, we took delivery this month of two 747-8 aircraft with another on the way this year. We're quickly putting them into high-demand transpacific routes in time for peak season. Another encouraging development this quarter was the early initiation of contract talks. We've worked with the Teamsters for more than 80 years with the objective of providing industry-leading service to our customers, so we can create new jobs and reward employees for contributing to the company's success. We expect the negotiations to move forward in a constructive manner and we know that when employees are engaged, connected and committed to the company's priorities, UPS customers, share owners and employees all will benefit. As we move into the fourth quarter, the macroeconomic environment looks solid. In the U.S. in the third quarter, we saw a slight reduction in economic growth forecast. As a result, industrial production slowed in the third quarter, but forecast for the coming months have a more optimistic outlook that should bode well for B2B demand. We also remain confident about the holiday season, as consumer sentiment remains elevated, although there is some inflationary pressure on wages due to high employment levels. Looking outside the U.S., global growth projections have moved higher as performance in Europe and China continues to exceed expectations. While the economic outlook remains fairly promising, we see further upside potential from U.S. tax reform, which we strongly support. The current proposal will provide great incentives for companies to both reinvest and create jobs at home. Against this backdrop, we are well prepared to capitalize on growth opportunities and serve UPS customers' needs as we head into our peak season. And to give you an update on the preparations, planning and expectations for peak, I'll turn things over to Kate. Kate?
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. It's great to be here to review our strategies for the 2017 peak season. Our peak strategies are designed to efficiently and reliably serve all UPS customers, whether those who experienced the highest seasonal spikes in demand, to small and medium-size customers, as well as our B2B customers like those in healthcare. The UPS team has worked throughout the year to prepare for the e-commerce growth we anticipate this year. In fact, between Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve, we expect to complete a record 750 million deliveries worldwide, about 40 million more than last year. In the U.S., the National Retail Federation expects total holiday retail sales to increase between 3.6% and 4%. They also expect non-store retail, or online sales, to be higher this year, up between 11% and 15%. At UPS, we're focused on delivering a successful peak season for customers and investors through more collaboration, more capacity, better control, and a strong commitment to service. First, we're focused on improved collaboration with customers for better forecasts, so we can collectively smooth work across the network. We are helping customers optimize the experience they provide their customers, from the first click to the final delivery. More extensive collaboration this year will better align UPS solutions and capacity with seasonal promotions and fulfillment strategies. We work closely to obtain daily shipping estimates by location and even by product. We've built operating and communication plans that allow us to respond to changes quickly. A second area of focus this year is expanding capacity. UPS customers will benefit from several facility expansions and the technology investments that we've made throughout the year. We've increased UPS delivery capacity through a combination of permanent and temporary facility expansion. Across the U.S. network, we've increased both package delivery and sorting capacity by about 6% over the past year. This represents the addition of more than 1 million square feet of added permanent and automated capacity available for peak. The permanent facilities are located across the country in key locations like Los Angeles, Chicago, and Kansas City. The deployment of Saturday operations with both pickup and delivery provides us with new and more efficient capabilities to serve customer growth. We will also take advantage of the flexible solutions from our partners at Coyote Logistics again this year. The third focus area is control, both control of deliveries for UPS customers and control of the UPS network. UPS My Choice will provide greater control to more than 40 million global members, an increase of 10 million from last year. Through My Choice, more than one in four U.S. households communicate directly with UPS to enhance their delivery experience. The combination of My Choice and UPS Access Point creates a highly-efficient solution that provides customers with the assurance of on-time delivery and higher first-attempt delivery completion. To enhance customer support and our network decision-making, we will again operate control towers in the U.S., Canada, and Europe, and this year we've added this process in Asia as well. As unplanned customers' needs arise, the control towers will make a timely assessment of available network capacity and ensure we are properly compensated. Revenue management is an ongoing exercise at UPS as demonstrated by our 2018 general rate increase of approximately 4.9%, which was announced yesterday. In addition, we've introduced our first peak-season surcharge and customer acceptance is progressing as planned. These surcharges target specific residential, heavy volume periods and large items that require special handling. This strategy is designed to encourage smoothing of volume across the period between Thanksgiving and Christmas, and ensures we are appropriately compensated for the value provided to customers. The final area of focus for UPS is commitment. The entire UPS team will work diligently to provide world-class value and service during this upcoming holiday season. Global markets are evolving and customer demands are ever-increasing, so developing optimal, peak-season plans is a dynamic process each year. We take future expectations and learnings from previous peak seasons and apply them to continually improve the company's service levels and financial results during this critical time of year. Our plans are comprehensive, our networks and employees are prepared, and we are ready to deliver. Thank you for your time today. Now, I'll turn it over to Richard.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Kate. UPS had another successful quarter. Our results highlight the flexibility of the global UPS business model and the power of our investments. We've managed through headwinds in the U.S., delivered broad-based strong growth in the International business, and continued generating excellent results in the Supply Chain and Freight group. The UPS team's execution this quarter generated earnings of $1.45 per share, driven by sustained revenue expansion in all segments. Looking closer at the business segment, in the U.S., revenue and costs were negatively impacted by natural disasters in Texas, Florida, and California, creating a drag of about $50 million of operating profit. However, growth in package volume was positive, up 3.4%, with revenue up nearly 4%. We've had strong growth in our business going back to mid-2016. Higher growth in both Next Day Air and Ground products was driven by e-commerce demand as average daily shipments increased 8% for Next Day Air, while Ground was up 3.4%. Package yields improved 2% year-over-year, and base rates came in at the higher end of our 2%-to-3% range. Fuel surcharges added to the yields by approximately 40 basis points. Fuel and base rate improvements completely offset a drag from customer and product mix this quarter. The U.S. operating profit came in at $1.2 billion. After adjusting for the unplanned events, our profits were in line with our expectations. Results this quarter include one-less operating day, about $40 million of costs from our previously-discussed ongoing investments in new buildings, and the deployment of Saturday operations. Now, let's turn to the International segment. It was another great quarter. The third quarter reported profits were up almost 9%. And on a currency-neutral basis, operating profit was up 20%, making this the 11th straight quarter of double-digit growth. The largest operating profit gains were in Asia and Europe. Revenue increased more than 11% in the third quarter. Growth was evenly balanced across the world between premium and deferred products, both increasing at double-digit pace. Export shipments jumped nearly 20%, led by robust cross-border shipping. Growth was higher in all regions on all major products, driven by expanded portfolio of services and market-focused strategies. The story was similar for the domestic shipments in International; growth was broad, up about 6% with year-over-year gains in all key countries we serve. Currency-neutral international package yields were up 2.3% as base rate improvements and fuel offset trade lane and product mix. Our global investments are allowing us to grow faster than the market by expanding capabilities across the regions. We are adding aircraft to support our export products, and we're about halfway through the five-year, $2-billion investment in the European network. Our international strategies produced another successful quarter driven by strong volume growth and expanding yields, moving on our optimized integrated network. Now, turning to the Supply Chain and Freight group, which produced another great quarter of growth in revenue and operating profit. Revenue increased 13% with gains in all the major business units. Forwarding, Coyote, and UPS Freight had the highest growth in the quarter, and they were assisted by the concentration of our middle-market customer wins. In the Forwarding group, revenue growth in the International and North American Air Freight markets were elevated by high-single-digit tonnage gains. UPS Freight increased revenue 11% on LTL tonnage growth of nearly 6%, combined with a 3.6% improvement in LTL per hundredweight pricing. In the Distribution unit, revenue management and efficiency fueled double-digit operating profit expansion, driven by the aerospace and retail sectors. Operating profit in this segment increased $20 million, or 10% over last year, making this the best third quarter ever and one of the most profitable quarters in our history. Now, looking at the balance sheet; through the first nine months of 2017, UPS generated $4.4 billion in cash from operations, paid $2.1 billion in dividends, and repurchased more than 12 million shares for about $1.4 billion. On a year-to-date basis, the company has made capital expenses of $3.7 billion as we transform our network for tremendous growth opportunity, more efficiency, and long-term value. Our investment strategies will help ensure we achieve the $800 million to $1 billion in cost savings and avoidance that we have laid out earlier this year. Now, I'll turn to guidance; let me start by level-setting; the year-over-year comparisons in the fourth quarter. First, we received about $40 million of benefits from discrete tax events in the fourth quarter of 2016, benefiting last year's adjusted earnings per share of $1.63 by about $0.05. Next, we have a potential currency drag in the fourth quarter of 2017 of around $100 million, or about $0.07 adjusted earnings per share. The final currency affect will depend on what the rates do in the coming months. Turning to the business, we have performed well through September as global e-commerce strategies are evolving with increased seasonality. We expect this to continue moving forward. In the U.S. segment, recent economic news is encouraging. Consumer, retail, and business conditions hold promise, but we also see some caution as the effects from the natural disasters linger into the fourth quarter. Additionally, we are seeing some cost pressures on temporary peak hiring and purchase transportation in specific markets and locations in the U.S. And lastly, we predict continued strong volume and revenue growth for the remainder of the year. Turning to the International segment; we expect positive momentum as we move forward, allowing market share gains to continue, yet at the same time currency will remain a headwind. And in the Supply Chain and Freight segment, we're well-positioned to take advantage of firming rate conditions and support peak season small package strategies. We anticipate this segments growth trends will continue. At the total company level, revenue growth is expected to be at the high end of our full year guidance of 5% to 7%. We now anticipate fourth quarter taxes should remain around 35%. Considering our current momentum and reviewing all the economic data and our internal initiatives, we are confident that we're moving higher in our full-year guidance range. We now anticipate 2017 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $5.85 to $6.10, which includes currency transition of approximately $0.30 per share, or $400 million. Before I open the line, let me summarize. UPS is focused on making the necessary adjustments to adapt to current conditions as we implement our long-term strategies. As Kate mentioned, UPS is bringing new capabilities into this year's peak season. Saturday operations, new surcharges, and more efficient capacity. These initiatives position us for success. As we look ahead, these investments we are making today will serve as a springboard to deliver new solutions and long-term value for years to come. Before I turn it over to the operator, I want to remind you that the webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. Thank you for taking the time this morning, and now I'll ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: I will now turn the program back over to our Investor Relations Officer, Mr. Scott Childress, please go ahead.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thank you very much. Our first question, we're going to take an online question from Dave Ross of Stifel Nicolaus. David's question is, now that the SF Express joint venture has received regulatory approval, what are the next steps? What is the expected impact, if any, on the business from the JV in 2018?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. This is David and I'll take the first part of that question then I'll pass it over to Jim. We were excited that we did get approval and approval on a timely basis. The reason that's so important to us is there's just so many opportunities between China and the U.S. And this joint venture just combines SF Express' deep China presents with our UPS integrated global networks that we just see as a very good combination. That being said, Jim, why don't you give a little more detail?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. I'd be glad to. So David, I think on the back of David's comments, we've been working on this for well over a year by the way. I would tell you, it's very significant in our mind as a big step for us inside and crossing borders in and out of China. Really what it does for us is it gets us and gives us the ability to go to new places, to reach new customer segments with new products that we haven't had in this market, obviously, for 110 years at UPS. It's going to synergize with our Forwarding business, and it's going to really continue to let us grow in cross-border trade. Just a data point for you that I get very excited with is in the network that SF and their team has, are 173,000 touch-points in China that are made up of couriers and service centers in retail stores that will be able to actually participate very differently going forward than we have in the past. And I think the other thing lastly, because, obviously, the specifics of what's going to happen in 2018 and beyond will become more apparent as we move. I would say that we planned them to be material, obviously. But the team at SF, as well, I think partners very nicely with our team in Asia, and I think we can't undersell that partnership concept as well. So appreciate the question.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take another online question. This question is coming from Brandon Oglenski from Barclay Capital (sic) [Barclays Capital. Fourth quarter results have been volatile in the past year, with both service and cost challenges impacting profitability for UPS. With another strong peak season expected, can management discuss how the additional resources and costs added this quarter can be better scaled to actual volume demands, while still meeting service commitments?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. Brandon, thank you for that question. And we're going to spend a little time on that because it's got just a few different angles. So I'll say a few words and then going to hear from Myron and Jim from their business units, and then Kate from a customer and revenue perspective. But I believe we're well-positioned to have a successful peak season, both from a customer standpoint and an investor standpoint. And it's coming quickly. We've been working a long time on this, and I think there's a lot of confidence throughout the group. So that being said, why don't go ahead with you, Myron.
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning. There are several factors that give us confidence in our ability to perform this peak season. Considering the tremendous amount of time that's been spent with our customers to develop accurate forecasts, preparing to hire and train seasonal staff, as well as expanding our permanent and seasonal capacity, we believe that Saturday deployments of our operations will have a tremendous impact on this peak. It'll give us five additional delivery days. We're planning to process 40% more volume on Saturdays, and 80% of the volume we plan to deliver over the weekends will be through the facilities where we've already established Saturday operations. Once again, we plan to hire 95,000 seasonal helpers, in which 35% over the last three years have later been hired into permanent jobs with UPS. The onboarding process will be significantly improved through new technology advancements. It will also help increase productivity through our mobile delivery apps, as well as our abilities to give dynamic sort instructions through Wi-Fi capabilities. We have also added an additional 1 million square feet under roof that will allow us to have additional sort capacities, and we've implemented 10 additional peak hubs, so we feel like we are positioned for success.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is Jim. I'm going to add a couple of points that I think are material in nature outside the U.S. I'll start in Europe and then I'll go quickly to Asia. Europe, quite frankly, has been one of those years that we've had kind of peak volumes all year long, which is one of the advantages to going into this peak season. Our growth in Europe all year long has approached double digits every quarter, so we've had to add, obviously, both human and capital investment to support that. We've opened three new hubs this year, 170,000 pieces an hour in Europe. Obviously, we've had the unfortunate situation of the cyber-attack in the middle of the year that pushed volume into our network that we needed to respond to. We've added Lyft in Cologne, so the Europe infrastructure as we move into this fourth quarter, I feel like is in a very unique and positive position. And then we go out to Asia. Obviously, we've talked about the arrival of the 747-8s. The first one we took on the ground in Hong Kong on October 18. The next one is October 28. We get another one on November 24th, and then we move into next year. So they also have had a year of very high demand out of Asia that we've had to scale the network. And so in both cases, as a kind of front end of the engine, I think we're in great shape honestly for a great peak season to connect back, obviously, with Myron's network as well in the U.S.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: From a customer perspective, I would add that as I mentioned in the opening, collaboration is critical, deep and broad, and the UPS team is now considered trusted advisors to our customers. We've gone through an extensive forecasting process. And also enhanced by some of the learnings from last year, we do this now by location, by product, and we've gone further within our customers' organizations, so that we encompass merchandising, marketing, fulfillment, as well as transportation. All of that leads to mutual success. We've jointly agreed upon special operating plans to help smooth out some of the peak periods, such as the Monday spikes that would be leveled off by operations opening on Cyber Weekend, as well as Super Weekend, and the customers are absolutely participating in that. Better utilizing for the first time Saturday delivery and Saturday pickup, which is market-leading and has been embraced by our customers. And then, of course, the control tower, which we continue to enhance over the years, finding ways to say, yes, more often to un-forecasted needs, and aligning it with the availability in our network. And along those lines, we've continued to reinforce that it's important to align the price with cost of delivering this value and customers are working to ship volume in two weeks to minimize the impact of the surcharge. But if needed in those weeks, the surcharge applies to those packages. So a joint effort and, again, one that we're confident and will lead to success at peak season.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Chris Wetherbee, Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, great. Thanks, and good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask about some of the cost headwinds that we've seen in the Domestic segment. It looks like you're pulling forward maybe some costs into the fourth quarter with $60 million, which is up from the third quarter's performance. I guess I just wanted to get a sense how we should be thinking about maybe beyond fourth quarter. It sounds like you're ramping up for peak season, but as we start to move into 2018, how should that cadence to sort of these cost headwinds as you roll out Saturday and build up the Domestic network look?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. Chris, this is Richard. And I think, first, it's a little early to guide, because we are just putting all of our plans together for 2018. What we did earlier this year, say, this $100 million to $200 million operating penalty would be ongoing for the next three years as we continue to not only open the Saturday operations. And the reason the fourth quarter is large is because that's when you have most of the operations open. But it's also, as we operate new buildings and start construction or operating new buildings, there's some penalties as we get these buildings up to the same standard from when they first start to the UPS full implementation, because it's a step function. So again, on the next call, we'll talk about 2018, but we did call out that there would be between $100 million and $200 million for each of the next few years.
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: When you look beyond this peak season, Brandon (sic) [Chris], take into consideration that we'll be continuing to implement Saturday operations next year. At the onset of peak this year, we will have deployed Saturday operations in over 200 locations. We would expect that to be a bit greater than 90 locations for next year, as well as the additional capacity that we will add for next year. We're going to bring on 5 million additional square feet that will bring into the network next year, so it'll be the onboarding of those locations and the additional head count associated with it.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Vernon, Bernstein. Please go ahead.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. So it looks like the underlying sort of growth is accelerating here as International supply chain are happening, but I want to kind of get some feedback from you guys on the direction of the Domestic margin as you think over the next two or three years. You've got the implementation costs kind of in the base over the next couple of years. Should we be expecting that the operating profit in Domestic is going to be growing kind of with the top-line from here? Or do you think there is still some possibility that 2017  or 2018 could be a little bit lower on the Domestic margin side?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. Again, it's a little early, because we are just putting these plans together, David. This is Richard, obviously. But I think the first thing you should think about is that next year with 5.5 million square feet of buildings opening, it will be muted as well next year, but it really is part of a deliberate plan. One of the things is we've been looking at buildings and trying to do this as fast as we can. And we've said all along we were balancing the opening of the buildings with the disruption to the network. And so we have seen that putting about a million square feet in this year and next year it's 5 million square feet. So the velocity is a little different than we originally planned. But at the same time, as we get our plans finalized we'll share that, but I would expect that it would be a little bit muted on the lower end of where we guided for next year. But we're still putting plans together, so it's a little early for me to say exactly where we're going to land.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Yeah. No, I'm not looking for like an exact number, I'm just trying to think like, I think what's keeping a lot of folks nervous about the stock, quite frankly is, is either a lack of commitment, or a feeling that there is a lack of controllability about where that Domestic margin is going to go over the next kind of 2, 3 years. Year-to-year, quarter-to-quarter is not the issue. The issue really is, is the management team feel like they can get a flat to up Domestic margin? And what are the incentives around that to make sure that actually happens?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So I think the first thing is we're looking at this much longer term. I mean we're investing in order to build out our network, not just for the next year or two but really for the next generation. And that plays into it, and if we can move a little faster, it's always going to be the best thing we can do, because our highest return is going to be, of course, reinvesting in the business. And not all growth is going to be linear because, look at our revenue line right now, we're having some of the fastest revenue growth that we've had in over five years. And we think that that's healthy and we'll continue to adjust the network for that kind of growth because we historically have not had that kind of growth. So I would tell you that you should be thinking about we're preparing this for the future, we're looking at the return on invested capital, and all of our goals are aligned with making sure that we continue to increase value and bring the proper return, not only for UPS, but for our investors going forward.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks for the additional color.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer & Company. Can you please address the drivers of the recent improvement in global air freight markets and global trade? How is UPS positioning strategically to capitalize on this momentum?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. This is David, I'll start that and then hand it to Jim. But we are encouraged by the recent improvements in global trade and we think that the global economy certainly has a part with that. But exports are growing pretty much throughout the world, and this is just an important part of our growth strategy. We see Jim's International unit as really a primary growth engine and this is feeding a lot of that growth engine. Jim?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes, Scott, I would add three points to what David has said. First, obviously, inventory levels continue to be at levels that are going to push more through that supply chain both, and I'm talking kind of air freight and ocean in this discussion. In the most recent quarter, the data that we see has the ocean utilization at over 97%. So you have a high, high, demand environment now with capacity really becoming tight. Obviously, that's driving the rates up and you can see that across the industry and across, obviously, the players. And then you get up in the air, this is the fourth consecutive quarter where you really had demand outpacing capacity. Obviously, it started with pilots coming out of the air in China, capacity came with it, the air freight rates have tightened, obviously, we all have to manage through that, and then manage the connections. But then in the middle, the third event, obviously, is weather. When all of those three combinations hit you get an air freight and an ocean market that exists as it is today, obviously it will drive transportation rates up, and we have to respond to that. And I think actually the UPS team beginning in Asia moving back out to the west has done a great job. So we look forward to our fourth quarter as well. Appreciate the question.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning. So I'll maybe stick with that topic of international strength and it's pretty impressive the acceleration in export volume growth. I was wondering if you could give us a little more perspective on some of the pieces of that. I know obviously, you don't talk about market, but how much of that is kind of benefit from TNT cyber-attack that volumes come over? In the future, maybe, how much do you think we ought to consider the SF Express stepping things up? Just trying to get a sense of kind of what might be temporary and what might be you ought to put into the model a double-digit export volume growth for the next couple of quarters or couple of years?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay, Tom. That's a broad question. I'll do my best to skinny it down. First of all, let me start with  I think Rich had some opening comments as did David. I think that the way we think about this is, this is just another step that our customers are choosing UPS. We've had 11 quarters in a row of continued momentum. This one, obviously, when you see 19% export volume growth, that is certainly a big one. You pointed to Europe but if you take a look at Europe back in 2016 when we started this, the growth has been accelerating for almost two years now. The intra-European growth started in early 2016 at 6% and then the quarters went up from there. They went to 8%, 11%, 15%, 12%, now 19%. So this has been a very deliberate investment in that market with all of the dynamics that were going on. We started in early 2016. Yes. There is some additional lift in the most recent quarter from the malware event; no question about that. But this growth is more than just Europe, this is a broad-based growth. Richard touched on it as well. We're really growing across the globe. I can't tell you what to put in your models, but certainly from my perspective this is about many years into the future, not just the next quarter. So we're pretty pleased with where we are and we look to the future and tomorrow to keep it going.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Were the numbers you mentioned just the total International export, or those were Europe numbers, you mentioned before?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Those were intra-European export numbers.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Overall, exports grew in all regions. And, actually, it was pretty much aligned to both with the number we had for intra-Europe for all exports. And, Tom, we recognize that there probably was a little extra in this quarter, but to Jim's point we've been on a two-year improvement and we still expect that. Obviously, it doesn't mean that we'll stay at these current levels, because of what happened in the third quarter elsewhere, but we do expect to continue to grow strongly and we've guided that International is an important part of the growth story, and it's something Jim and his team have done a really good job doing in the last few years.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: And just to expand on Richard's comments about the two-year story, this has really been about a 10-year story, and then we committed to the $2 billion a couple of years ago and we're probably 40% of the way through that. But we've had big, big success in Europe and in our International exports for the last 10 years, so it's just been a very consistent story. All right?
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: All right. Thank you for the time.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Tom. We're going to take another online question. This question comes from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. How has the first 747-8s performed in the early testing, which customers are utilizing the domestic air service most frequently? And can the service become more cost effective when cascading the international fleet to the domestic routes?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is Jim, again. As I mentioned, the kind of rollout plan of the 747s, the 10/18 was the first one, and then the next one is coming in the next few weeks, which is great timing for us. With respect to how are they performing, obviously, as you would know that any time you do get new aircraft you got to make sure that they perform properly, the airline led by Louisville did a great job to make sure we tested them as quickly as we could when they came off the line. We advanced that knowing the demand and the capacity issues that we had. So to get the first one there on 10/18 was a bit earlier than we had seen when we started. The actual first flight that left, those 747-8s can carry 288,000 pounds, and that one carried 288,000 pounds. So it was full to the brim as they say with small package revenue. They couldn't come at any better time, because we've been running, if you look at our block hours, year-over-year increases of almost 5% in our block hours to actually take care of this demand. And so for the bigger ones to come that can carry the extra payload in a more effective and efficient way, it is great for every participant in the actual supply chain. The customers love it. Obviously, we do. The economics love it, and the service loves it as well. So I think Myron wants to add a couple of points from an airline perspective and/or Alan does.
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Hey, Brian. This is Alan. Yes, from the domestic perspective to your question about the customers, I would just say that we've been gaining air share each quarter during the last three years, and we'd emerged as the air-share leader. And part of that is our expansion of our 10:30 and noon and Next Day Air early service to more postal codes than any other carrier here in the United States. And we're doing that similarly with our International Express and our International Express Plus services around the globe. And that's very, very attractive to our health care and high tech and professional services industry segments. And then on the e-commerce side, we're obviously growing that quite well also with our Next Day Air Saver, as well as our deferred services. And you can see the strong growth that we had in Next Day Air this past quarter at 8%. Thanks for the question.
Operator: A question from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Just if I could follow-up on those International questions from earlier, could you please elaborate? You call out the revenue growth, 11%, driven by premium products. Could you specify, was that uniquely in any one area? You've talked about broad-based, but curious about the premium products? And then also, nice movement on yield growth in the quarter in International, could you speak about that, particularly export yield growth? Thanks.
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Let me start with the yield growth, I guess, is that I appreciate you noticing that because there's a lot of hard work that goes into that. Certainly, we recognized over the last couple of quarters we thought we needed to do a bit better job there to match it. Kate's talked about that in her opening comments. So that yield movement was purposeful and a couple of quarters in the making, and we think it's right for us long-term and the shareholders. With respect to the balance, look, I mean, I think the team's doing a great job. It's growth in Mexico. It's growth in Canada. It's growth in Europe. It's growth in Asia. It's growth in our intra-Asia networks. And, obviously, you start to layer in the likes of partnerships of the SF Expresses in the future and the Middle East investments that we've made, we feel like we've got some good momentum that will continue. So I think the key word is balance and, hopefully, you can see that across the talk we're having today and in the continued dialogue we will have in the future.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question. This comes from Kevin Sterling from Seaport Global Securities. Purchase transportation cost as a percentage of revenue has been creeping up over the past two years. Can you talk about your purchase transportation costs jumping as a percentage of revenue during the quarter?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. And this is Richard, Kevin, and, obviously, I'll take this question. I think the first thing you have to do is think about the last two years. And while purchase transportation cost is up, there are two big buckets of purchase transportation. There's what we do internationally, and Jim just talked about how revenue has grown and we've been on a two-year, really, continued improvement plan that him and his team have been working. And then the other side is Supply Chain and Freight. And to give you an example, if you go back and look at our history prior to last year, our revenue growth in the Supply Chain and Freight group has been pretty muted. But yes, last year we grew at 8% and year-to-date we're right now just under 13% growth. Obviously, as Coyote, Freight Forwarding, those all play into the purchase transportation. And so, I think when we look at purchase transportation we think it's healthy. This quarter alone, over 60%, between 60% and 65%, was really driven by International and Supply Chain and Freight. And then when you get into what's going on in domestic, there's a piece of it because SurePost is growing a little faster than the average domestic. And then there's just a normal increases that you would expect. So when we look at it, I know it's a big number reported change, but if you look at what's going on with the business underlying it, I think you see that that goes right in line. And that's why you've seen both International profit growth and then what the Supply Chain and Freight segment has done and really called out in January that we've continue to see improvement this year. And that's what's happened as well.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. David or Richard, can you talk about the accelerating CapEx? You talked about adding new aircraft and now you are jumping from 1 million square feet to 5 million square feet. Maybe talk about the scale going forward? And did your original CapEx targets account for the switch from upgrading your service at your sort centers to the building of new ones that you now plan?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure Ken, this is Richard. Obviously, we just talked about it, and hopefully everyone in the call is getting that, part of this is about growth, and the emphasis that growth we talked about it in February. I've said on the call we think we're going to beat the higher end of the range for revenue for the total enterprise. And so when you think about year-to-date 7% growth across the entire enterprise, that's better than we've seen in over five years. Really, really coming out of the recession was the only other time we saw this kind of growth number. And it's about growth today and going into the future. So we're building and expanding the network, optimizing the investments, to look for what's best for UPS. Very early in the CapEx, we said we would continue to tweak, understanding we couldn't disrupt the network too fast because you still need to provide the right service for our customers, but we wanted to go as fast as we could. In the first earnings call in April of this year we did move forward a 747-8 that we actually have in operation today. And then we bought some land over the last year. It's really for buildings going all the way until the next five years, and that's because strategically it was the right place and the right size, and we did not want to lose that land because we knew what are roadmap plans were. When you put all that together, we likely think we'll be closer to 8%or around 8% instead of our initial guidance. But given the return on invested capital and when we do put new assets and investments in the business, the return they get, we think it's the best use for not only UPS but for our investors as well.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Richard.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Our next question will come from Dave Ross. And Dave's questions are: Are you more or less positive on 2018 UPS and global economic perspectives than you were during the last call in July?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is David, I'll answer that. From a macroeconomic standpoint I would say that a little bit more positive about 2018. And just a couple of things, we talked about global trade seems to be growing, Europe is holding up well, there is concerns about Brexit, but for now Europe is holding up well. China has kind of been better than expected, and then exports in general are growing. And then from the U.S. side you see a couple of things. Obviously, the consumer is still driving the economy and especially from the e-commerce, we think that's just going to continue to grow. Excuse me, there's also optimism about the tax reform and what that can do to stimulate the economy. And we believe that that is getting more and more interest. And the last part was the industrial production was affected a little bit this quarter by the natural disasters. Maybe won't bounce back completely in the fourth quarter, but we certainly think that will continue the first part of next year. So good question. I think we are little more positive. Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Ben Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, good morning, all. Thanks for the question. Just maybe for Alan and Myron on the new peak season holiday surcharge. Interested in what the receptivity from the customers have been. Have we seen any changes in behavior yet? What are the planning discussions like in the context of that new holiday peak season surcharge program? How do you expect flows to play out? Do you expect customers to largely avoid that and shift volumes into some the weeks not governed by the surcharges? Do you expect behavior to be unaffected? And maybe in the context of all of that, any sort of incremental risk or concern regarding access to capacity in December, given the looming ELD mandate on the truckload side? Thanks.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Ben. This is Kate. I'll actually address the question. We've been working extensively with customers tied to the peak planning. And so to address some of the points in your question, definitely, consumer demand being what it is, some of it can be steered to other weeks but others will actually, of course, maintain in the period. So there will be a mix with the surcharge, but customers are looking at things like self-gifting. And if somebody's buying something for themselves at the holidays, if it can take extra time, then they will actually activate that to smooth the volume out of say something like a Cyber Monday. That helps their fulfillment centers. It helps also the level of peak spike that occurs. So that's one of the mechanisms, the surcharge, to help steer some of that controllable aspect of consumer demand while other aspects, of course, are committed times and needing to flow as committed. So that's some of it. And then the operating plans and the use of Saturday delivery and pickup, as I mentioned previously, are items that are helping to steer where possible, activating our Saturday pickup, which is market-leading. Enables packages to be delivered on Monday from shipped on Saturday. And that's proving to be popular with customers and very positively received. Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an Internet question from Allison Landry. Allison's question is: How much B2C growth did you see during the quarter with brick-and-mortar? And is it outpacing growth from Amazon? What are you expecting? Are you expecting these trends to continue in the upcoming peak season?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Hey, this is Alan. I'll take that. Yeah. So as you saw in our results, we had another strong quarter of B2C growth, up high-single digits in U.S. domestic. But I do want to also note that it's up mid-teens in our International business, and we certainly expect this to continue. The customers out there, both in the U.S. and internationally are responding well to the UPS industry-leading e-commerce value stack. And that's broad-based growth. It's really coming from the bricks and clicks, brick-and-mortar retailers, along with the e-commerce pure-plays. And it's also coming broad-based from a customer size perspective in middle-market, small and medium businesses, and also enterprise. Some of the solutions out there that are really resonating are our newly created Saturday operations that includes Saturday pickup in addition to Saturday delivery that expedites shipments for Monday delivery. And then, obviously, on My Choice, our UPS lockers, our Marketplace Shipping tools and Access Points. And the one thing I want to note, this past quarter, we launched our UPS returns manager, which is a free online tool that enables merchants of all sizes to customize their consumer return services and processes, and our consumers get hassle-free return services. And we launched that in the U.S. plus 43 countries around the world. So we're building that e-commerce value stack both in the U.S. and internationally. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Pat Gruck (56:42) of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, guys. It's Scott. So I apologize if this is a repeat. I've been bouncing around a couple of calls and hopefully you can coordinate better next time. But Richard, just on the fourth quarter guidance, since it's a decently wide range here, just wanted to clarify. Are you expecting domestic margin improvement in the fourth quarter? And are you still expecting Domestic margin improvement for the year? And then did you say if on the TNT benefit in the third quarter, if you are expecting any of that to continue in the fourth quarter?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure, Scott. First of all, I think you asked specifically, first around the fourth quarter EPS guidance. And at the end of the day, in my talk, and you can pull the transcript, I went through unveiling the one-offs that occurred in 2016 around the tax and then the impact of the currency this year. And if you pull those out and do the math, the underlying growth is one of the stronger quarters we've had. That's the first point. The second point is we recognize that we'll continue to see both on International and Supply-Chain about what we expected, but we also know in the U.S., IP has come down a little bit post hurricane. We looked at Sandy and Katrina and saw recovery was about a 6 to 12 month process. And so overall we think Domestic is about where we expected it to be, and it's about where we expect it to be given the one-time hurricane and weather. And year-over-year for the fourth quarter we do expect operating margin to increase for the U.S. Domestic. So we've put it all together, we feel really comfortable, and that's why we moved up our range. And at the end as Kate and Myron and Alan have talked about, we spent a lot of time planning and working with our customers to ensure the fourth quarter is good and we deliver a good peak season for customers and investors. Thank you.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: So just if I'm clear, so if we kind of normalize for the hurricane, you're still expecting Domestic package margin improvement for the year.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: You've got to normalize for the call it  there was also some other quarters where there were some one times, but overall we think we're right on plan if you go back and look at what we've talked about.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys
Operator: We have another question from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to come back to the topic of facility expansions. I know you said you're added 1 million square feet this year and looking at 5.5 million square feet next year. If you could just remind us over the next three to five years. I think, Richard, on the last call you mentioned it was about 28 million to 35 million square footage that you might need to add. Is there a potential that that could come down as you get better efficiency built into these facilities? And what sort of capital investments do you think that fully deploying that square footage might entail over the next three to five years? Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, Brian, I'm going to specifically talk about where we are right now. We have moved forward some of our especially outer-year land purchases. But what we're also seeing as a growth rate that's at the higher end of where we originally guided to. And so I think we said all along there are tweaks as I mentioned a moment ago, based on how volume comes in, capabilities, you know technology keeps changing, and as technology changes there's additional capabilities we have to think about in terms of how do we automate it? Because anytime we can automate that it helps the efficiency and the movement in the network. It's a little early to talk about the three-to-five year other than what we've guided, but I think as we close out the planning for 2018 I'll come back to it. The one thing we should talk about though is if you look at the Next Day Air and the International growth rates obviously, and the air capacity, we've now grown probably closer to 25% since we last bought a plane in either the International or the Domestic. So we keep looking at that to make sure that we have the right capital because at the end of the day those are great returns and investment in the business is the right thing to do. Thank you.
Brian P. Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A segment for today. I would now like to turn the program back over to Mr. Scott Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: I'll hand the call to Richard for some comments.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. I just wanted to make a few brief comments around some of what's going on around tax reform because with the potential that's unique for UPS is where taxpayers that pays between 34% and 35%. So because of that we continue to look at how do we optimize based on knowing the changes that might occur, and what's in front of us. And what that means is we continue to look at all of our strategies and make sure we're making the necessary adjustments. So we will continue to do that. David is actively engaged, along with the rest of the senior management team, and getting our story out about why we think the competitiveness in the U.S. improves when you bring the tax rate down because we create jobs, and we also can invest in a different way than we currently are. So, there's a lot more to come in this area, but I thought it was important for you all to hear our view that obviously with this change it's a generational thing, and we are planning for it and thinking about it in the right way. And with that I'll turn it over to David.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Rich. As you can see, we are transforming our network for growth and long-term value. We're making great progress, especially in our Smart Logistics Network. Our strategies and investments are paying off, providing good positive returns, and we continue to see good growth opportunities for UPS. And, of course, for the next month or two, we're focused on delivering a successful holiday, both for our customers and our investors, and thank you for joining the call. I appreciate it. See you.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc. David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc. Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc. James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc. Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc. Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.
Analysts: Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch (US) Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Brian P. Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Kevin Sterling - Seaport Global Securities LLC Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Jeffrey Kaufman - Aegis Capital Corp.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS second quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements, and address our expectation for the future performance or results of operation of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2016 Form 10-K and 2017 10-Qs. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The webcast of today's call, along with a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term and strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Now I will turn the call over to David.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Earlier this year we stepped up our pace of investment to accelerate the most sweeping transformation of our network in decades. We are investing heavily in new capacity and connected technology to capture the tremendous e-commerce and international growth opportunities we see. We are creating the next generation UPS smart, global, logistics network, to fuel long-term, profitable growth and enhanced share-owner value. Our performance in the first half of the year strengthens our confidence that we are on the right track. UPS delivered good results in the second quarter, driven by strong revenue and high margins in all three of our reporting segments. We are pleased with this progress. Our U.S. segment delivered more than 13% operating profit growth as daily shipments accelerated and package yields improved. The International segment continues to produce outstanding results, including robust growth and high margins, even in the face of currency headwinds. And the Supply Chain & Freight group is producing more favorable results as they reposition the business to achieve greater profitability as market conditions improve. As we look forward to the rest of this year, growth in the global economy is expected to increase moderately as the year progresses and UPS is well positioned to reap the benefits. The latest U.S. GDP forecast for the balance of the year remains unchanged. Industrial production in retail are still growing, although at a slower pace than originally projected. Online purchases, as a percent of retail, grew once again in the latest forecast. Growth rates in Europe are expected to continue to be resilient, with most economies rising. And in Asia, the outlook for China has improved, with growth in that market now exceeding the previous forecast. The export market remains solid and we are aggressively positioning UPS products and network capability to take full advantage of cross-border expansion. I was recently in Detroit to deliver a keynote address at Gateway 2017, a conference hosted by Alibaba. The event drew about 3,000 participants, mostly from small- and mid-sized American companies interested in exporting to China. China represents a great market opportunity for U.S. businesses. We are creating special cross-border services to support customers who want to sell to Chinese consumers via e-commerce. These services, along with our recently announced joint venture with SF Express, will enable us to leverage the vast reach of both companies. We have plans to add competitive shipping products in more international lanes as we expand the SF partnership. In addition to providing trade-enabling solutions, UPS also supports government efforts to further expand trade. We applaud the recent agreement in principle to create the EU and Japan Free Trade Agreement. This is an important step towards developing the kind of open, rules-based trade system our customers need to conduct business across global markets. UPS will continue to advocate around the globe for trade legislation that enables businesses and consumers alike to shop the world with ease. This also enables businesses to compete on a level playing field. In addition, we continued to expand our capabilities and presence in international markets in the second quarter. We announced our acquisition of Nightline, the leading small-package company in Ireland, while in May, UPS was proud to be selected as the official logistics partner for Expo 2020 in Dubai. In fact, we've already started to leverage this exclusive partnership to accelerate our growth in the Middle East. These announcements bring the number of partnerships and acquisitions we've entered to 13 over the last few years. Going forward, we will continue to look for creative ways to expand our capabilities, our market presence, and the reach of our network in ways that build long-term value. This quarter, we also announced significant hub modernization and expansion projects in Arizona and Kansas, and we broke ground on our fourth new regional hub, located in Indiana. The regional hub projects will add more than 4 million square feet of highly-automated capacity, while also creating high-quality jobs for thousands of part-time and full-time UPSers. This new capacity is critical for us to support our customers' growth and deliver the UPS services they demand. Once underway, these new facilities will improve our performance throughout the year and help us to deliver efficiently during peak demand periods. At the same time, we are also working to ensure that we align our pricing with our cost to serve. Last month, we announced peak-season surcharges and we are addressing the impact with customers as we develop peak shipping forecasts for later this year. These surcharges are necessary to ensure UPS continues to provide customers with the best-in-class value and highly reliable service they've come to expect. Before I turn it over to Richard, I want to mention that next month UPS will celebrate our 110th year in business. It's incredible how far we've come, from a small bicycle messenger service to the leading global logistics provider. Let me express my thanks for the hard work and dedication of those who came before us, as well as the 434,000 UPSers today whose efforts are contributing to our success. In summary, we just finished another strong quarter for UPS. And we are moving quickly to build our smart, global logistics network, ensuring continued success into the future. Now Richard will take you through the details of our results. Richard?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Earlier this year, we laid out our 2017 full year plans, as well as our three-year target. At the midpoint of the year, the business is performing as we expected and we are pleased with our progress. Looking closely at the second quarter, total revenue increased 7.7%. Adjusting for currency, top line growth was nearly 9%. The revenue was balanced across all segments with shipment growth throughout the product portfolio. Earnings per share were $1.58, up almost 11% over last year with good, core performance within the segments. In addition, there were several items that positively contributed to the quarter. Most of these were expected. First, net fuel year-over-year was a benefit. In 2016, fuel prices accelerated through the quarter from April through June. At the time, we had a two-month fuel surcharge revenue delay and were unable to offset the increase in fuel prices. In early February, we adopted a two-week revenue lag. In addition, there were other fuel policy changes that increased the overall revenue-to-expense coverage ratio. Another positive contribution occurs as a result of lower workers' compensation cost in the second quarter. We've gone to quarterly, rather than semi-annual, outside independent studies to refine our estimates of our workers' compensation liability. Finally, it was a one-time benefit that the Supply Chain & Freight segment received this quarter. Together these three contributed approximately $0.10 per share. The majority of the benefit came from fuel and workers' compensation that we had anticipated. Now, let's turn to the details of each segment. In the U.S., revenue increased more than 8% due to several factors; volume growth, Easter in the second quarter, and higher fuel surcharges, which added about 120 basis points. Total shipments increased almost 5% with growth accelerating across the products. Deferred Air led the way, up 11%, and Next Day Air was up more than 6%. Ground shipments also increased more than 4%, driven by SurePost and residential deliveries. Strong B2C expansion continued with growth in the low teens. And despite the acceleration of brick-and-mortar store closings, B2B has sequentially improved and moved into positive territory. Yield management initiatives contributed to revenue-per-package growth of 3% during the quarter. Strong base rates and higher fuel surcharges offset product mix changes. Operating costs were pressured by higher fuel prices. In addition, the cost penalties associated with 20 projects under construction and the deployment of Saturday operations continued in the second quarter, but were offset by the workers' compensation benefits I mentioned earlier. Operating profit increased 13% to $1.4 billion and margin expanded 60 basis points to 14.3%. The strong shipment growth, combined with the UPS initiatives, contributed to the gains. Now turning to the International segment, which delivered another quarter of good top line growth, combined with positive operating leverage on a currency-neutral basis. International revenue increased 2.8%. Adjusted for currency, growth was 8.3%. Demand for our unmatched export solutions remained high as shipments were up 12%. Europe continues to lead the way, with mid-teens growth to key trade lanes and intra-Europe. The Asia-to-U.S. trade lane remained strong with double-digit growth again this quarter. Reported operating profit was $583 million down 4.9%. After adjusting for currency, operating profit expanded almost 14% to $697 million. As a reminder, you can review our currency-neutral results on the web schedules. Now, looking at Supply Chain & Freight, the segment produced another solid quarter of financial results. Revenue was up 12% and reported operating profit improved by 24%. Year-over-year gains in operating profit included a benefit from a legal settlement. When removing the impact of this $20 million one-time item, profit growth was still very strong. All the major supply chain business units contributed to the improvements this quarter. In forwarding, tonnage increased across all three products with International airfreight growth in the mid-teens, and North American air and ocean freight up mid-single digits. Distribution revenue increased at a low-single-digit pace, as strong growth in retail, aerospace and mail services were mostly offset by declines in the high-tech sector. Operating profit and margin improved over 2016. UPS freight revenue was up 9% on strong LTL tonnage gains of more than 8% as market conditions in U.S. trucking industry continue to recover. Operating profit and margins improved as the business continued to focus on growth from middle-market customers. Through the first two quarters of 2017, we are encouraged by the gains all the business units are making within the Supply Chain & Freight segment. Now, let's turn to cash flow. UPS ended the quarter with $4.6 billion in cash and marketable securities as the business continued to generate strong returns. We are focusing our capital on building the smart logistics network, creating flexibility through a strong balance sheet and distributing returns to our shareholders. On a year-to-date basis, capital expenditures are $2 billion, putting us on track to lead our CapEx guidance range of 6% to 7% of revenue. In late June, we announced changes to our non-union U.S. pension. This change stabilizes our risk obligation and lowers the liability on our balance sheet. We are moving to a pay-as-you-go, enhanced 401(k)-style plan starting in January 2023. The new plan will be more predictable and sustainable. Moving to shareholder returns, at this point in the year, we have distributed about $2.3 billion. We have repurchased more than 8.4 million shares for just over $900 million and paid out nearly $1.4 billion in dividends up over 6% per share over the last year. Now I want to discuss our guidance. Through the first two quarters we've had good performance as we expected. My earlier comments outlined favorable items from the second quarter, including fuel, the change in workers' compensation, and the one-time benefit in Supply Chain & Freight. We expect minimal impact from these items in the second half of the year. Looking forward, our plans are influenced by the previously announced currency headwinds and a few other moving parts. In the third quarter, considering the combination of currently known and anticipated factors, including one less operating day, earnings per share should be relatively flat when compared to last year. In the second half of the year, our tax rate will be about 35%. Keep in mind, in the fourth quarter of 2016 we had tax benefits of approximately $0.05 per share. This benefit is not expected to repeat in the fourth quarter of 2017, which will weigh on the comparison. In addition to the quarterly items, we continue to monitor both the economic and business trends that impact our business. Externally, we've looked at all the currently available data and our internal plans, and we're confident in reaffirming our 2017 guidance for earnings per share in the range of $5.80 to $6.10, which includes about $400 million in unfavorable currency impact. At this point in the year, we are right where we expected to be and we are encouraged by the progress across all three segments. The entire enterprise is responding well and making the necessary adjustments to generate solid performance as we execute on our revenue and strategic initiatives. At the same time, we are investing aggressively, implementing Saturday operations, acquiring new capabilities, and buildings partnerships to grow the business. Through the first six months of the year, our proven strategy and operational flexibility has provided the targeted financial results we expected and the company is on track to achieve the goals we laid out earlier this year. Before I turn it over to the operator, I want to remind you that the webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. Thank you for your time, and now I'll ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, please ask only one question so that we may accommodate more callers. Feel free to get back into the queue and we will take a second question, time permitting. We will now take our first question from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. Great. Thank you, and good morning. I wanted to ask on the  you showed strength, I guess, across the board in volumes; in particular, international export was very good. I wanted to see if you could comment on the drivers of that, and also perhaps the competitive environment. It appears there's some issues with TNT and the cyberattack and so forth. And I guess that didn't affect you in the quarter, but is that something that could potentially be a meaningful opportunity that would boost your export even further? Thank you.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for the question. This is David. And I'm going to start with the first part about the cyberattack and how it may have affected volume, and  because there were a lot of parts to that question. But on that, first thing I wanted to say is we obviously don't wish cyberattacks on any company. I mean, these things are criminal acts and I know that we all take them seriously. And from a UPS standpoint, we are regularly investing in updating our technologies to protect, not only our customers, but our employee and company data and also, of course, our service levels because we know how important that can be. So, as far as how that or other things have affected our volume, Jim, I'll turn it over to you.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, David. Tom, I guess it's a pretty wide question, but I guess I'll come back to openly the growth drivers as we talked about last quarter. It's very balanced, but this last quarter Europe did have our highest growth rate underpinning the 12% export you referenced. On the back of David's comments, straight up, yes, we are seeing more business recently in Europe, but I also would point you to a couple of key factors here. First of all, no matter what's going on in any marketplace, customers have choice. And the choices they have in Europe, because of this unfortunate situation, are between us and many other competitors. I think the way we're looking at this is that through the last couple years we've talked about our investments in the network and new products, like our recently announced dangerous goods capabilities, continued expansion of the network, and in those cases, those seem to certainly be resonating and we  they are choosing UPS. Our job is to serve them going forward and continue to invest in the network as we go. So  and, certainly, I do want to reinforce what David said. This is not a situation that we would certainly wish on anyone and we know we have a job to do and serve whatever customers are on our network. So appreciate that.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon, Bernstein. Please go ahead.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Richard, can you help us understand where the $0.10 benefit you guys called out sits across the operating segments? And I just want to make sure  or help there  if you could even maybe help me understand, if the underlying profit growth in the domestic segment has kind of come back into the positive territory, if you were to adjust for some of this noise, whether it's the $35 million or whatever portion of the $0.10 you want to put into the domestic segment?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. Actually, a large portion of it is in domestic and there also is in international. If you look back to 2016, David, what you would have seen is that the fuel prices were increasing between 35% and 40% during the quarter. You recall we were still a two-month lag. So, for example, while fuel price per barrel was somewhere in the mid-$40s on average for the second quarter, we were still using February's revenue to create surcharge, and that was $31 a barrel at the time. So it's really about a year-over-year and, actually, I went back and looked and we talked about last year on this same second quarter call that we had some headwinds because of that fuel change. Fortunately, we'd made that adjustment and what happened last year, cost actually kind of got pretty tight the rest of the year. And so, we expected in our plans that we would see a benefit because of the drag last year on that. On the workers' comp, what's really happened is because we're now doing quarterly studies instead of just twice a year, we've moved some of the benefit that we traditionally see in the third quarter into second quarter. And so, generally speaking, what we're trying to do is marry up with our actual experience in a more meaningful way on a quarter-by-quarter basis. And so we made that method up, that change, because we thought that was more prudent and also to understand how the business was really going. When you look at the second half of the year, we expect to have a strong second half of the year, good results. We talked about a few of the items that you have to take into consideration, but we feel like when you look at all the data that we've seen, we feel confident that the range that we've given you is something that we're going to deliver when you get to the second half. Thank you.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: But if you think about that $0.10, is it like 70/30 domestic/international, like is there any kind of rough line on that?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: I would say between 70/30 and 80/20, somewhere in that range.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Somewhere in that range. Thanks very much.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an international or an online question. And this question comes from Jack Atkins. Jack asks, you know that the double-digit revenue growth at Coyote, is Coyote continuing to hit your expectations for $200 million of increment EBITDA by the end of this year?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Hey. This is Alan. I'm going to take that question. As you know, we were continuing to see strong year-over-year growth. We are growing market share with the service offering that we have in place. The service levels remain consistently high and we're continuing to innovate with technological solutions. The GL market is tightening, but the asset-light model is providing flexibility in the up-and-down cycles. We do have pressure on the contractual committed freight, but we also see opportunities and upside with the backup in spot markets. The key here is that the connectivity remains a real strength for us, both from a customer value creation and a synergy perspective. Our synergies are on track. We expect to get about $100 million for 2017 and that's coming in the form of procurement, back haul, asset utilization, cross-selling, and organizational synergies. And then, last, I'll just say that the cross selling is really producing several great wins this year and we are targeting the rich opportunities in the UPS customer base, specifically on the small/medium business side for greater yields. Thanks for the question.
Operator: We have a question from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. It sounds like, clearly, a lot of momentum in B2C domestically. I'm curious with regard to B2B, what kind of trends did you see second quarter, first half? And do you anticipate, assuming that that's been picking up, that perpetuating into the second half and any color you can provide particularly with regard to the retail? Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes. So, this is Alan. I'll take that question. As we noted, the B2B in the second quarter expanded slightly versus last year. So we saw low-single digit growth there and we saw improvement across many industry segments. From a quarter-over-quarter basis, we are back in positive territory so we did see a good sequential jump off the negative results the last couple of quarters. Our e-commerce customers are driving both B2C and B2B shipments higher. Returns growth continues to be strong. And then on the Air side, you saw our Air growth was really the story this quarter with Next Day Air growing at 6.4% and Deferred growing at 11%. So we are seeing good growth there also. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Chris Wetherbee, Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Great. Thanks for taking the call. I guess I want to talk a little about the second half of the year. So, as I'm listening to sort of the outlook and guidance that you have there, the third quarter is flat I think on an EPS basis. Midpoint suggests a little bit down in the fourth quarter but, I know you have tax dynamics playing out there but with the peak season surcharges and some of the momentum from a top-line perspective, I guess, I just would have thought it would have been a little bit higher than that. So I was just wondering if you could help us a little bit to sort of understand maybe top line dynamics as well as some of the cost assumptions embedded particularly around the peak season in that second half outlook?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure, this is Richard and I think that to start with, Chris, what you said is right. When you look at the first half of the year, we're right on plan. The U.S. business is adapting well. International continues to, as Jim mentioned, to have good growth, and supply chain is recovering. As we looked, though, at the current data, what we also noticed is although we are seeing some positive trends in many of the different industry types in B2B, we're a little challenged because the number of stores that are closing is having an impact on growth in the B2B. And so the forecast for B2B, if you go back earlier in the year to today, is not quite as strong because of retail sales and also because industrial production forecasts were higher even three months ago to where they are today. So we took that information and we looked at that against also some of the items that we called out that won't repeat in the second half of the year and we put it all together and we just didn't see enough new data that would suggest at this time we should adjust guidance. Obviously, as in the past, if more information comes in and it's appropriate to suggest a change, we would communicate it appropriately. But, at this point, based on  we're adjusting to how the volume and the customer demand is changing and we feel comfortable with where we're at.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Richard did a good job explaining the puts and takes for the fourth quarter. And I just want to make it very clear, as Richard and our team knows, we expect to have a very good fourth-quarter from a service standpoint and we expect to have good financial results. And we have been working on that throughout the year. So a lot of confidence there. Okay. Next question, please.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question. We've got a few questions regarding one of the joint ventures that we're recently forming. So the question is, can you speak about the recent announcement, the joint venture with SF and when do you expect the transaction to close?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, this is Jim. I'll pick it up. A couple of things to note here. I start with some comments David made in his opening talk about this term of partnerships. When we announced our emerging market strategy a couple of years ago, we firmly founded pieces of that on expanded partnerships across the globe. This relationship with SF Express in China really does fit firmly into that. If you know much about the company, its headquarters are founded in the same province that we have our Air hub in Southern China in Guangdong. They have been in business since 1993. Arguably, they're the domestic leader in the B2B and B2C space. They combine with our brand and our International export capabilities in China and it was one of those markets that we all have to evaluate and make strategic moves. We're super excited about it. We are waiting for the final regulatory approvals to come through but when it does, we believe it opens up segments of the market that we are better off to partner with SF and the leadership than go it alone and hence the JV announcement and we look forward to the regulatory approval and then talking more about that in the quarters and years to come.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ken Hoexter, Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch (US): Great. Good morning. Richard, that was great insight on the outlook for the volume side. Maybe you could talk a little bit more about pricing. We saw a big ramp in the ground pricing and maybe you could talk a bit about the surcharges coming up for peak season. Is that kind of automatic for every customer? Are there still contract customers you have to go renegotiate with? Maybe you can just talk about that given the ramp up we're seeing on the pricing as we head into the back half of the year.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: As bad as Richard wants to answer that question, I think we're going to let Alan do it because that's really more Alan's focus area. So, Alan?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, David. Yes, as you noted, the base pricing did come in at the higher end of our 2% to 3% range. That both happened in U.S. and International, when you look at International currency neutral. So certainly the GRI, the Dim weight, the additional handling and then our ongoing focus on contract management is paying off. Specifically, to peak, as you know, the peak season surcharge is really designed to compensate for the additional cost that we incur during peak with the volume increases, the temporary capacity enhancements that we need to meet the service levels that David talked about a bit earlier. And while these rate increases, even for a short time, are rarely welcome, our customers really understand and appreciate the value of our network, what we do to provide the service and the capacity for them at peak and year around as well as the cost of doubling of the network. The peak surcharge just  a few details here. The surcharge is designed to hit the most impacted weeks where we surge in both residential and large packages. And so, for Ground, it's three weeks of the five weeks of peak and for Air, it's only one week, the last week, and then for large package it's five. And our expectations are to have high compliance with the peak season surcharge.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch (US): Great. Thank you. Just on the last question, is it on  do you have to renegotiate with each contract or is this something you're allowed to by contract add-ins?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. This is a published surcharge that affects the tariff. Thanks.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch (US): Thank you very much.
Operator: Ben Hartford, Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys. A question for Jim. Jim, you touched on this earlier sort of the International Air Freight capacity dynamics. I'm curious where you think the industry is in kind of in the context of the broader cycle. We've had several years of excess capacity in that globally on the Air Freight side. It seems as though it's tightened up. Load factors have improved. There are some anecdotes of some forwarders putting charter capacity into the market as well. So where do you think we are cyclically as it relates to industry Air Freight supply/demand? Has that helped International parcel yields at all and what are your second half peak expectations from an Air Freight point of view? Thanks.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Let me focus on the first question, I guess, on the capacity because there were a couple of them in there certainly. I think we're in a very unique position right now. It started about three quarters ago when some of the air capacity was taken out of the network. A lot of it came out of Shanghai, but certainly it moved south into Southern China and into Hong Kong. Usually, at this time of the year, you see a slack time in the Air Freight market. In fact, we haven't seen a slack. We've seen demand continue to roar. That's being affected in the buy-sell spreads and we're managing through that like everyone is in the market. The capacity issues as well are over on the express side of the business. The demand is high. David referenced some of that as well with the economy. So the Chinese engine over there is certainly going. You know, we've got some 747-8s on order. They're coming soon. They can't get here soon enough because our customers continue to choose the products and services. But back to the Air Freight, it is very unique. I think the next couple quarters leading up to peak will be very different from potentially some of the past. We're here very early and we've got to manage through that and then, of course, you've got the other options below in the ocean freight situation as well. So it is unique market and I believe we are managing through it very well. You can see that in some of the results and we look forward to continuing the ability to adapt to conditions as they come at us. So thanks for the question.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Jim mentioned those additional 747-8s and they will be on the truck routes, especially going from Asia into the U.S. And then next year, of course, we have additional aircraft 76s and some more Dash 8s and, again, our timing couldn't have been any better. So it's going to fit right into the needs of our customers. Okay?
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to online question. This question comes in. Can you please tell us how the news of the pension changes that you've announced will affect your go-forward long-term basis and how it changes your view of retirement benefits?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sir, and I'll take that. This is Richard. I think the first thing that I want to say is that we spent a lot of time, actually several years, evaluating different options to look at how do we manage the liability, remain competitive in the market from a benefit standpoint, and as we announced just over a month ago, we're moving to a pay-as-you-go 401k plan effective January of 2023. It will change our risk profile. It will allow us to have more predictable and sustainable costs. It does reduce our future liabilities on the current balance sheet. And we'll also lower our exposure to the discount rates. As discount rates change, we see both expense change on pension as well as the liability side, as well as the change that PBGC has made with increasing costs that we're having to put into the plan, but it doesn't go to the employees. For 2017, there is no change to the guidance because we have spent a few years on this and we knew we were making this announcement in June. There is no additional discretionary contributions to pension, and the reason there isn't is because we made them in the first quarter, as I talked about on the last call. That was because of the PBGC premiums and taking advantage. Now, upon announcement, we did have to remeasure the liabilities, and what we saw was discount rates were down about 32 basis points from the end of the year to the end of June. At the same time, because the equity markets have been stronger, we did see some offset from the higher return. Finally, when I put all of this together, it's really hard to talk about what it's going to do in future years because until you know what discount rates are doing, you don't really have an impact on your financials five years out. But what I can tell you is we spent a lot of time trying to balance what is right for our employees  most of them spend their careers at UPS, as well as managing the risk profile and the liabilities for UPS as a whole. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. So, as you mentioned, since November of last year, the company has announced a lot of facility expansions totaling over $1.5 billion in the U.S., additions and expansions rather. So if you could just give us a sense what the total investment required for the hub modernization program is? And how that fits into the context of your Capital Expenditure run rate this year and perhaps into next year?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, actually, a lot of these buildings are over multiple periods. And what we talked about in the investor conference is over the next three to five years, there would be somewhere around  between 28 million square feet that and 35 million square feet that would go in over the three to five-year period. And then talk David had this morning, he talked about we've announced almost 4.5 million square feet in 2017. Over the last year and a half, we've actually announced about 7.5 million square feet that's currently under construction, and just about 5.5 million square feet will open in 2018. Overall, it is in the guidance of the increase to 6% to 7% per CapEx of revenue, and that's really because you saw now for the last four quarters in the U.S., we've been having close to 5% or greater revenue growth. We need these buildings in order to continue to grow. These growth rates are higher than our historical average and we talked in the investor conference about the importance of growth and, at the same time, with our high return on invested capital, these assets will continue to allow us to nurture not only the ROIC, but also grow the top line and bottom line. So we're on a path for the next three to five years. It's something we laid out at the investor conference and we are looking forward to that 5.5 million square feet opening next year.
Brian P. Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey. Thanks. Morning, guys. So, Richard, wanted to just ask you on currency, how come no change in the currency headwinds just given the recent move in the dollar? And then, if there is no impact or no change this year, maybe, I know it is early, but can you give a preliminary view on what kind of potential tailwind we could see from currency next year? Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. So actually, just to step back for a moment, in 2017, we went to a  we were, historically, before 2017, used a collar approach and it was a stock market transaction. What we did in 2017 is to do a transition because starting in 2018 we'll go to a dollar cost averaging where we're spreading it over a 36-month period. What that means is the year-over-year comparisons won't have big variations. But what it means for 2017 is that we do have a collar. The increase over the last, probably few weeks, where the dollar has lost between 6% and 8% of the value is inside the collar. So for the hedge currencies, what that means is it's going to be right where we expected it to be, and for the unhedged, you'll have a slight difference in the overall. Now, if you recall, we called out during the first quarter, we had about $119 million drag from currency. This quarter, $114 million. Until the quarter closes, and each month closes, I won't know what the drag is and how much it changes because the most recent changes will impact July, and then whatever happens is going into August and September. But because we give you that new schedule in our web schedules, that will allow you to see. And as it comes down, we'll obviously communicate that, but right now, we're sitting at about $117 million this morning. And that's right in the collar range that we had already set out. But with the new program, the most important part is we won't see this year after year starting in 2018. And it's also important to remember when you look at the International business, we have an 18.4% margin even with the drag from currency, so we continue to have industry-leading margins because all the work Jim and his team is doing in growing the business and growing exports.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: So just so I'm clear, don't count on a currency tailwind next year?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: That's correct. And when we evolve to this new weighted average, we actually had explained that by doing that we would remove  that because what happens is for basically two-thirds of the comparison period, it's the same currency year-over-year. It's only the head and the tail that will be different from the timing standpoint.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Kevin Sterling, Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead.
Kevin Sterling - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. I noticed there's been a lot of talk about the International Air export market, but maybe I could drill down a little bit in your Next Day Air growth. That was very nice at 6.4%, and we've not seen that type of growth for the past couple of years in Next Day Air because I can remember seeing the shift past couple of years from premium products to Deferred products. But now it appears that Next Day Air is back in vogue. Why is this? Is it the Amazon effect, with supply chains just speeding up and everybody looking to catch up? And do you think we will continue to see is this growth in Next Day Air?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes. So, this is Alan. I'll take that. Yes, so as you know, we saw premium Next Day Air revenue grew at over 7% and Deferred grew at about 13.5%. There's a couple of things going on there. First, our customers are really responding and enjoying our continual expansion of the Next Day Air and Next Day Air's early service to more postal codes to anybody else out there in the market. And so our market leadership in Express and premium Next Day Air supports our healthcare, high-tech, and professional services segment customers, and strategies. In fact, now, and for the last few quarters, UPS is the air market volume leader. On the other hand, the Next Day Saver, the UPS Ground, Deferred Air are focused to support our e-commerce and retail customers, and so when you look at our air products and how we have them positioned, along with the integrated portfolio with the ground, we have the industry segments that need that premium service identified and we are making some real gains there. And then we're also addressing the opportunity for the Next Day and Deferred Air opportunities for the e-commerce type of customers. So thanks for the question.
Kevin Sterling - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question. This comes from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Can you talk about how Marken has evolved within UPS? How do you see the opportunity to grow supply chain and fulfillment with the growth of e-commerce and omni-channel?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes. This is Alan. I'll take the first part on Marken and this really kind of falls back in with the last question in terms of the premium air service, because Marken is the premium service when it comes to being able to handle clinical trials. If you folks remember back in February at the last investor conference, we discussed healthcare being one of the three growth verticals that we're targeting and it represents about $70 billion in global opportunity. And certainly, the acquisition of Marken plays right into that. They're the market leader in clinical trials and we couldn't be happier. They are enabling our healthcare vertical to immediately deepen and expand our global clinical trials logistics footprint. They're retaining independent operating status. We're seeing excellent growth in connectivity already. UPS and Marken together now are the only clinical trial logistics provider with the hybrid model that's leveraging UPS's world-class Express services and the other valuable parts to the UPS network like brokerage along with Marken's outstanding high service network. We see significant opportunities with cross-selling. Also some bridging over to the commercial side with hospital, labs, and CRO opportunities. So it's really working. And I'll pass it over to Jim for the second part of the question on distribution.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. So on the distribution piece, I'd say, open with, I think we definitely keep  continue to lean into healthcare distribution. Certainly, it still is our largest segment now. Continuing in distribution, we are up to 78 facilities across the globe. We opened two new facilities in the previous quarter. So certainly that continues to be a very targeted vertical for us. Marken continues to align to that. Certainly there is a piece of their business that is inside the box as we say, but it also aligns very nicely to our emerging market strategies. It moves across the world. And the clinical trials model synergizes with many of the initiatives that we have. And of course, we also brought on some key leadership in Wes and his team. So, we like the Marken acquisition inside UPS as well as distribution.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Thanks so much for taking my question. Appreciate it. So, I had a quick one just on how changes in lease accounting rules will impact the P&L and then on the CapEx just a follow-up, the current increase in investment, just trying to understand what that assumes for growth in B2C volumes. I'm not sure if you look at it this way, but just given e-commerce growth is accelerating and really accelerating off a higher base, the key question for me is, whether you think the current run rate of investment is appropriately sized for that growth or just how you think about the relationship between the two. Thanks very much.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. So, I'll start with the lease accounting and tell you that we are in the process, it's a 2019 implementation of preparing all of the leases that will have to be put on to the balance sheet according to the new accounting standard. Step back for a moment though and those kind of leases for UPS, while they'll be large because we are a large company, aren't large categories. For example, we're an integrator that owns our aircraft and we own an aircraft within our company. So when you see deposits, for example, we put those into the CapEx early because that's  we are putting in the deposits before we take ownership. There are other companies around the world that don't always own their planes or they're off balance sheet so they have a different preparation than we would have. That being said, it's a tremendous effort that we are going through and at the appropriate time when it's all put together, but like I said, we have more than a year-and-a-half till we get there. In terms of the capital, if you go back to our investor conference presentations, we did talk about the growth rate and as I mentioned, the last four quarters in the U.S. have grown almost 5% or more, which is above our historical norm on revenue. And you'll see that we continue to believe that what we're doing from an investment side is helping to support a flexible network ability to do more capacity and it's all part of the smart logistics network that we're creating and so we feel very comfortable with the 7.5 million square feet that we have under construction and the announcement that somewhere between 28 million and 35 million square feet will be completed, that we're building this really for the tremendous opportunity of e-commerce and how that's moving, shopping, from physical stores to online.
Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's it. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Allison Landry, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thanks for getting my question in. I guess sort of piggybacking on the last question, you've obviously talked about what you're currently seeing in B2B in relation to the brick-and-mortar closures, but if you really think longer-term about this trend and there's expectations out there for at least another 25% of retail locations to close over the next decade or possibly sooner. So, I wanted to ask how much of your B2B business is still replenishment? What do you think the impacts will be on your network as this trend accelerates and whether it might necessitate any incremental capital spending over the next few years? Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. So we are the B2B market leader in the U.S. and our B2B customer base is spread across many, many industries. The industrial manufacturing, automotive, healthcare, high-tech, professional services and then also retail. Now the  now while retail stores closing is also a drag, we're also seeing with some of our more successful retailers ship to store where they're blending through an Omnichannel way their B2B and their B2C and encouraging their customers in fact, incenting them to pick their goods up in the stores which is driving actually more small package to those particular stores than in the past as compared to other shipments like truckload and LTL. And with that I'll pass the second part of the question over to Rich.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. So, if you  Allison, if you think about some of the things we laid out at the investor conference around the faster growth but also the solutions, things like that network planning tool, is really about the ability to adjust because one of the challenges in this online environment is understanding distribution patterns because they're not based on historical. Some years you have heavier buyers in one part of the country than another. So the network planning tool allows us to make the adjustments in real time. You think about what we're doing with Orion and the automation in the buildings, but when you look across the entire portfolio of CapEx, we're really building a network that's going to allow us to grow in a substantial way over the next three years to five years. And then on top of that, between synthetic density, Access Points, My Choice, all of those are about helping the transaction to be completed for the end user in a way that's convenient and gives them some choice in how they receive their package. So we feel like we've laid out a good roadmap. We feel like we're taking into account the structural shift from physical stores and we're going through the process, as I said, a moment ago, and building those buildings that we need to make this all work as online continues to grow faster. We're going to take...
Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Take it.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sorry, Allison.
Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: No, go ahead.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question real quick. It's going from Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan. How has the initial roll out of Saturday delivery been received by shippers and UPS drivers?
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning. This is Myron. While we're early in our deployment, the response from our customers had been very positive. As you will recall, our Saturday operations are both pickup and delivery, which has helped to speed up time in transit and is giving our customers a great opportunity to have Saturday pickups that are delivered on Monday and has proven to be a tremendous market advantage. We deployed over 35 major metros in the quarter on the way to implementing over 4,700 cities in 2017. So, results are positive. The implementations have gone well and our employees are responding very well to this offering.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jeff Kaufman with Aegis Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Kaufman - Aegis Capital Corp.: Thank you very much. Hi, guys. Lot of my questions have been answered at this point, so let me ask more of a detailed one. You're on track to spend almost $2 billion in share repurchase this year, yet shares outstanding haven't really moved in the last six months. Should I think of $1.8 billion to $2 billion as just an anti-dilutive share repurchase level required? Or is there something else going on that's inflating the share count, so that's why I'm not optically seeing shares decline?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, so Jeff, this is Richard. And, very specifically, shares do decline. You have different periods when you're increasing your shares for their compensation plans versus the even buying back. But there is a decline this year in shares of 4 million to 5 million shares. And remember, it's an average that you use in your calculations, not where you are at the spot when it occurs.
Jeffrey Kaufman - Aegis Capital Corp.: Okay. Very good. That's my question. Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Childress for any finishing remarks.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We want to thank everyone for joining us today and submitting online questions. We really appreciate it. And I'll turn the call over to David for closing comments.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Well, as you can see, we are moving fast, we're transforming our business, and we're pleased with our progress. We had balanced performance across all segments this quarter, positive operating leverage in the U.S. We remain focused on the efficiency and the pricing initiatives we discussed today. We see strong growth opportunities for UPS and we continue to invest in the next generation UPS smart global logistics network and to implement our strategic initiatives. Thank you for joining us on the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call. We would like to thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc. David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc. Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc. Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc. James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc. J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.
Analysts: Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian P. Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Danny C. Schuster - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Unknown Speaker: MANAGEMENT DISCU.S.SION SECTION
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tony, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS first quarter 2017 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectation for the future performance or results of operations of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, which are described in detail in our 2016 Form 10-K. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The webcast of today's call, along with a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Now, I will turn the call over to David.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Scott, and good morning everyone. At our Investor Conference in February, we laid out our investment strategy for the next three to five years. The cornerstone was accelerating investment in our smart global logistics network, which represents the most sweeping transformation of our network in decades. We're stepping up the pace of investments now to enable UPS to better participate in the vast opportunities we see ahead. The benefits from new revenues and improve productivity will be fully realized in coming years and quarters as these investments become operational. The market dynamics and customer demand experienced in the first quarter deepened our confidence that we are on the right track. Looking more closely at the first quarter, we're very pleased with the revenue gains achieved in each of our three operating segments. While revenues were strong, our operating margin in the first quarter was affected by some known and some unanticipated headwinds. Richard will discuss these items in more detail during his remarks. Turning briefly to the economy, the U.S. economic outlook has improved over the last few months and the growth is expected to move slightly higher for the remainder of the year. Consumer confidence is at a 15-year high and the labor market has tightened. Economists have included additional growth in their forecasts from the administration's efforts to modernize trade agreements, reform tax policy, and upgrade infrastructure. We support efforts that boost trade, remove unnecessary regulations, and stimulate real GDP expansion. Overall, global economic forecasts are largely unchanged with economists still projecting faster expansion in the near term and an accelerated pace of global trade. We're already seeing those trends at work in our results in Europe and in Asia. While the economy is showing positive momentum, at UPS, we're focused on generating growth by expanding our capabilities in ways that fully leverage our network. For instance, we've announced the construction of two large highly automated regional hubs during the quarter. These projects will add nearly 2 million square feet of capacity in the Salt Lake City and Dallas areas. UPS has 23 global modernization projects in the works. These investments, along with other network optimization and data connectivity initiatives, are part of our broad strategy to use technology to add capacity and to improve our operating performance. We also use technology to enhance the customer experience at UPS, and we're excited about the recent successful launch of our new ups.com website and the related digital marketing capabilities. These capabilities enable us to present relevant problem-solving information combined with the UPS shipping offer to existing and prospective customers via the web. We expect to provide customers a more personalized experience while growing incremental revenue. Given our significant investments in rapidly changing technology, UPS is creating a new Advanced Technology Group comprised of leading IT and engineering experts. The Advanced Technology Group will be responsible for the research, testing and development of new innovations and the application of those technologies. They will also help us strengthen collaboration with technology companies and academic institutions to bring the best solutions to UPS. We will advance the use of the latest technologies like artificial intelligence and machine learning to improve customer service and make operations more efficient. I'm really excited about the potential of this group to transform our company even further to the benefit of our customers and to our investors. Beyond technology, we're also adding to our service portfolio. We're making great progress rolling out our new U.S. Saturday ground operations. In addition to the three cities tested in 2016, we've recently started operations in 15 metropolitan areas, including the three largest markets: New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago. One of the many benefits for our customers is the ability to tender ground shipments to UPS on Saturday and have the package arrive on Monday. The initial results have been promising. New shipments picked up on Saturday have been balanced across our product line and we remain on plan to expand coverage across nearly 4,700 cities by the holiday season later this year. Another example of how we're upgrading our service portfolio is the expansion of our dangerous goods shipping capabilities. We now accept more than 400 new commodities in our global air network and more than 300 additional products for ground shipments across Europe. As we expand our portfolio, we're also improving our service levels to provide customers with the most timely service available. We've shortened delivery times all across our intra-Europe ground network. In fact, we're cutting a full day out of our delivery times between more than 350 cities in 26 countries. Over the last year, we've improved transit times for virtually the entire ground network, serving the 28 EU countries plus Switzerland and Norway. These enhancements are clearly driving forward our business in Europe. In fact, we achieved another quarter of double-digit gains in European cross-border shipments, and UPS' total export growth rate is the highest we've produced since 2010. Our international business continues to lead the industry while growing market share around the world. Turning to the Supply Chain & Freight segment, the integration of Marken continues to show very good progress. The business opportunities and customer acceptance have been outstanding. The pharma industry recently recognized the Marken and UPS by ranking us number one in clinical trials logistics. Together, these actions demonstrate the commitment UPS is making to grow our business throughout the world. While we've been making great progress, we plan to announce additional strategic moves in the coming weeks. During the quarter, UPS was once again named as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Customers and investors alike should know their reputations are being protected by a company with high ethical standards. Before I turn it over to Richard, I want to take a moment to recognize an elite group of UPSers. We now employ more than 9,300 drivers who have each driven at least 25 years without an accident. That means that nearly 1 out of every 10 UPS drivers have qualified for the UPS Circle of Honor. That is an incredible accomplishment and testament to our training and the quality of our people. I want to express the gratitude of our entire company for their outstanding representation of UPS and congratulate all UPSers that work behind the scenes to ensure we safely navigate in the communities we serve. Now, Richard will provide more details on our results. Richard?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good morning everyone. UPS produced strong first quarter revenue growth of 6.2% and adjusted for currency, we were up 7.5%. Top line improvement was balanced across all three segments. Looking at the highlights of the quarter, earnings per share came in at $1.32, up almost 4% over last year. Total operating profit was almost $1.8 billion and currency-adjusted operating profit was $1.9 billion. The U.S. Domestic segment improved package yield in all products with solid revenue growth. International delivered excellent results, with double-digit growth and contributions from all products and all regions. And finally, Supply Chain & Freight had a remarkable quarter, growing both top line, tonnage and shipments by producing higher operating profit. Core performance in the business was slightly ahead of plan. However, some known and some unexpected headwinds affected bottom-line performance in both the U.S. and the International segments. Let me make a few comments on the effects of these items before covering the quarterly highlights. As previously disclosed, the currency hedge transition weighed on International results in the quarter. To provide additional transparency, we've included an enhancement to the currency-neutral web schedule, including operating profit on a currency neutral basis. Currency impacted operating profit in the quarter by $119 million in the segment and we still anticipate a drag from currency to be about $400 million for the full year. Net fuel was a drag this quarter on operating profit as well. The fuel surcharge for January was based on lower fuel prices in November of 2016. This timing lag created an almost $30 million shortfall in the U.S. Domestic segment. The actual fuel prices increased from November. In early February, we reduced the lag between revenue and expense from two months to two weeks. This mitigates net fuel timing issues moving forward. Startup expense for investment projects and service enhancements will continue to weigh on operating profits for the remainder of 2017. However, as new areas of the country come online for Saturday delivery, new revenue will begin to offset deployment cost later this year. Also notable during this quarter were the irregular growth rates across the months. Specifically, there was a pause in consumer spending activity in February, likely driven by a number of factors including some weather and the delayed income tax refunds. And lastly, with the adoption of the new accounting standard for stock awards, we recorded a tax credit this quarter. This process will be a first quarter only annual tax event. In February, we outlined this change in our 10-K and at the Investor Conference. Now, let's turn to the details of each segment. U.S. Domestic revenue was up 5% to $9.5 billion. Revenue per package increased 2.4%, with yield growth in air and ground products. Higher fuel surcharges this year added approximately 50 basis points. We are continuing to develop and will implement initiatives around surge pricing to ensure revenue is properly aligned with cost to serve throughout the year. In volume, our average daily volume was up 2.6%, led by air products as Next Day Air and Deferred both grew by approximately 4%. E-commerce demand drove the continuing shift in product mix. B2C shipments increased about 7%. On the commercial side, B2B shipment growth improved quarter-over-quarter, but remained down slightly on a year-over-year basis. We are seeing signs of rebounding activity in many of the industrial production sectors. However, brick-and-mortar retail customers continue to adjust their business model to service more online purchasing and many are closing stores. As they move through this transition, UPS is investing in solutions to take advantage of these shifting market trends. Turning to our operating costs, we were affected by fuel and operating penalties associated with 17 major projects currently under construction and the expansion of 15 major metropolitan areas through the deployment of Saturday delivery. And lastly, we had several late winter storms. We put the combined effect of these items to be around $85 million and estimate about 60% of that are onetime in nature. Given these headwinds, operating profit was $1.1 billion. Looking now at the International segment, total revenue increased almost 5% to $3.1 billion and was up nearly 11% on a currency-neutral basis. Exports jumped more than 14%, with strong growth across regions and products. Export gains in Asia, Europe and the Americas were all around 15%, and Europe cross-border shipments increased more than 15%. Non-U.S. Domestic shipments were up nearly 11%, driven by double-digit growth in Poland, Italy, and France. Importantly, we are seeing faster growth in both the established and emerging markets of the world. Our International portfolio is performing remarkably well. We are creating value for our customers while expanding global solutions with the execution of our investment strategy. The European lane enhancements that David mentioned are contributing to the market share gain. Operating profit was $529 million, down about 7.8%. Adjusted for currency, operating profit was $648 million, up almost 13%. This quarter, our results were produced through a balanced approach. First, we had market-leading growth across all products. Second, we had improved network efficiency in all regions of the world. And finally, globally, we continue to focus on creating customer-driven solutions. Turning to Supply Chain & Freight, it was a great quarter, best first quarter operating profit in our history. We had broad-based improvements across the segment. Revenue increased 13% on tonnage growth and forwarding and UPS Freight. Operating profit climbed 22% and the margin expanded 50 basis points. Driven by high demand for middle-market customers, the forwarding unit experience around 10% growth in tonnage across all major products as the market conditions improved. Distribution revenue grew at mid-single-digits due to the increased demand from healthcare, retail, and aerospace customers. Operating profit and margin improved significantly over the prior year. UPS Freight revenue was up more than 8% on LTL revenue per hundredweight gain and tonnage improvements. We are extremely pleased with the progress the Supply Chain & Freight units are making. Now, let's turn to our cash flow. UPS ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in cash and marketable securities. We used capital this quarter to invest in growth opportunities, fund our pension, and distribute returns to our shareholders. First, we've accelerated our pace of investments into the business for capacity, capabilities, and flexibility. And as a result, our capital expenses were up to $938 million for the quarter and we're on track to reinvest 6% to 7% of revenue this year as we have guided. Second, cash from operations was used to take advantage of rising PBGC premiums and lower future operating expense. We advanced our planned and discretionary funding to the first quarter and have no plans for further contributions in 2017. And lastly, we have distributed funds to shareholders to the repurchase of more than 4 million shares for about $450 million and paid out nearly $800 million in dividends, up 6% per share over last year. This quarter, our effective tax rate was about 32%. As we disclosed in the 10-K and mentioned at the Investor Conference, we adopted the change in stock-based compensation accounting standard during the first quarter. As a result, we expect our tax rate to be 35% in the upcoming quarters and the effective rate for 2017 in total to be around 34.5%. Looking forward, we remain committed to the original guidance for this year with earnings per share in the range of $5.80 to $6.10, including about $400 million or $0.30 per share unfavorable impact of currency. In summary, customer demand for UPS services increased. We are moving forward fast, using our financial strength for our investment and growth opportunities to ensure we capitalize on the expanding market in our industry. Thank you for your time today. Now, we'll ask the operator to open the line so we can take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder, please ask only one question so we may accommodate more callers. Feel free to get back into the queue and we'll take a second question, time permitting. Our first question will come from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. It looks like some very strong B2C growth in the quarter and solid in B2B. Could you speak to what you see in margins in the ground business going forward with this mix shift dynamic that you cited? Thanks.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. This is Richard. And I think we should start by saying that when we look at 2017, we're early in an investment cycle as we transform the network into the smart global local logistics network. This quarter, we did have some costs that we weren't expecting and we called those out on both in my talk and in this press release, but there was about $35 million that was driven by almost 5 million square feet of development of new buildings that currently under construction and the Saturday operations. But when you put all that together, we still expect to have leverage this year. We knew that some of the startup costs would be early in the year. And the other important thing to remember here is that we did see a pause in consumer demand in February. Fortunately, March came right back and we're seeing the same trends in April. So we still expect that what we talked about at the Investor Conference and continues to see slight improvement, we'll continue to see in 2017.
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Hey. This is Alan. I just want to add that I think we reported back in the fourth quarter that B2B growth was negative. And while it was still slightly declining in the first quarter, it came  the quarter-over-quarter results are really big improvement and we saw that across more of the industry segments. Rich did mention that the brick-and-mortar slowed down, but we've got a great strategy moving forward to bring B2B back to positive. David talked about dangerous goods expansion. We've got some great things going on in healthcare, and certainly, the returns portfolio continues to generate great B2B.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. I wanted to also ask on the domestic package margin. Richard, you identified I think the $50 million that you said was unusual. If I add that back in, I still get I think something like a 30-basis-point decline in domestic package margin. How would you think about that going forward? I mean, you commented a bit. Should we model margin improvement in the second quarter or second half in domestic package? And is that cost falling off or volume is accelerating? So I guess just in more kind of perspective on how these domestic package margin may play out this year. Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. Tom, as I had mentioned a moment ago, we still expect to see leverage. We knew going in that the startup costs for Saturday would be a little heavier in the first quarter because you have to put the investment in, in order to get the customers to bring in the volume that they need delivered on Saturday. And when we think about Saturday, we're thinking about not just deliveries, but we looked in Saturday operations because we are also doing pickups, which will actually leave sometime in transit for some of our customers. So when we put the year together, we do see an improvement in margin. We see leverage coming. We did know the first quarter, you would have more of the startup costs. But we also understand that through the year, we're investing to create the network and transform it and we're going to see that happening through the year, but we're also going to see revenue coming in to offset it. So I would look at the first quarter as being an example of how the margin looks. I would look at it as the dollar amount of investment is something that we will continue to have, but you'll see revenue continue to grow as well.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks. We're going to take a online question here, and this question comes from Jack Atkins. Jack's question is about the Freight Forwarding business. So, Jim, can you give us some color around Freight Forwarding business?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure, Jack. It's Jim. On the Forwarding businesses, as we kind of opened with some of the opening comments, this is a really good quarter for us in Supply Chain & Freight all around. Specifically, in the Forwarding business, though, I think most of us would recognize the last couple years have been challenging and I think we used that as an opportunity at UPS to look at the business, restructure a bit, work on some overheads, and take a look at segmentation in the market and go at it differently. And what you saw then in the first quarter was about a year-and-a-half's worth of work and we see it continuing, quite frankly. We're looking at really strong growth in the middle market that is important for the mix. In that product offering, we've got balance across air freight, ocean and North America as well all growing double digits. So a very, very balanced distribution in Forwarding with bottom-line profitability approaching 20% year-over-year growth. So, we don't need a bunch of top line growth; we need just the right growth in the model for it to produce in a UPS forwarding unit. And so, we're pretty pleased with the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, good morning, and thanks for taking the question. David, I wanted to ask you perhaps a governance question. I was wondering if given the importance of managing this transition and stabilizing the domestic margin, if you and the board had any conversations about creating the proper incentives for management for the employees to actually kind of achieve that target and whether we can expect you to maybe talking about that in the future as far as helping to give investors some confidence that there's more skin in the game in terms of actually executing against what is a challenging transition for the business.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Well, David, to answer that question, obviously the board and myself, we're always looking for ways to tie in the best interest of the company but also the best interest of the leadership. And so, our compensation packages are highly oriented towards results. The variable pay is a much higher percentage than it is in many companies, and we feel like that we certainly are incenting the right things. Now, we look at it on a year-to-year basis because things do change and when they do, we would make those adjustments. But we focus on the top line, we focus on the bottom line. And one thing that makes our company a little bit different is we incent full results all the way down to the supervisor level. So we have our profit plan and we agree to that. We hold people accountable to it and it goes all the way down to that line supervisor. So, I'm very comfortable that we have it aligned correctly, but thank you for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Wanted to ask sort of about some of the comments in terms of the investment on the domestic side, and I think the view is that you'll incentivize growth as you're building out the network here. And I guess you also need to get price right, too. So I guess I'm just kind of wondering how you will manage sort of that balance between making sure you get the growth that you're building for, but also managing the price piece of it obviously to make sure that the returns on this new incremental investment are as good as what we normally have expected from you over the years.
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Hey, Chris. This is Alan. Thanks for that question. Yeah. Look, I mean I think the pricing actions that we discussed on the last call were certainly visible in this quarter's results and we also generated some good volume growth with Next Day Air up 4%, Deferred up over 4%, and ground over 2%. The first quarter, U.S.-based pricing came in at the higher end of our 2% to 3% range. And some of the things we're doing, the annual GRI, we broadened the U.S. Domestic DIM divisor from 166 to the 139. The additional handling, the overmaxes, the new fuel surcharge, it's all being managed very, very tightly and well and we're very, very pleased with those results. I'd also just let you know on  Richard talked about peak and surcharge pricing that ensures pricing is aligned to cost to serve whether it's peak or in other parts of the year, and we've got a significant focus in that area also. And just a little color there on some of the objectives where we're really looking to set the market expectations for pricing to match the supply and demand. We're looking to cover the additional costs that we incur in those periods that lead up to and including peak as well as other periods of time where volume surges. And we're very, very focused on maintaining and improving the margins during peak. And then bottom line, always ensuring that we're protecting the integrity of the network for our customers with a great service that they've grown accustomed to. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thanks. Morning, guys. So, first thing, I just wanted to clarify, in the press release in the International segment, when you talk about currency-neutral operating profit, does that suggest that currency is hurting first quarter 2017 results and the base is a lot higher or is it that it helped first quarter 2016? I just want to understand so we know the base to model for next year. So, just wanted to clarify that because I was confused. And then, more just broadly, can you just talk about the pricing in International and at LTL? Because it looks like really good volume growth in the quarter, but maybe pricing a little bit softer.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you for the question. It's quite a bit to that question. So, Richard, why don't you start the first? And then, Jim, if you follow up, I'd appreciate it.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So the question around the currency-neutral is there is an accounting standard as how you have to state those. And the accounting standard is that you use the last year because that's a published number. And so, what you'll see there is that's restating this year to last year. So for your models, you probably need to talk with Scott, but you would actually probably do it slightly different than what the accounting standard is. But the most important thing is, is that when you look at the International business, it's really a story of what we've seen the last two years. Jim talked a minute ago about the broad-based growth in Supply Chain and we're seeing the same thing in the International business. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Jim to talk about.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: I think, Scott, you also wanted to kind of touch on pricing in Forwarding. I would say that there was an event in the first quarter in the Asia market with about 20% of the capacity coming out of Shanghai market when five air carriers were put down with about 50 segments a day. So that actually allowed us and others to actually tighten up and focus on the margin and the pricing a little bit stronger. And it also saw business move from forwarding into small package and back and forth. So, with respect to in the first quarter and the pricing in flat environment of Forwarding, I would say it was the best for us in about two years. Our great margins continue to go way up, the bottom line continues to expand. We'll continue to do that. And we'll talk more, I think, in the upcoming calls about pricing in the small package around peak as well. We talk a lot about that in the Domestic market, but International has a role and responsibility to play there as well and we're evolving and maturing in that segment as well. So we'll talk more about that as we approach peak.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Oh, we're going to take a online question. This one is regarding, can you talk more about Coyote and how the business is growing in the marketplace?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. This is Alan. So, yeah, Coyote is really continuing to see strong year-on-year double-digit growth rates in loads. The UPS customer base is certainly highly predisposed to the truckload services that Coyote's offering. Service levels are really remaining consistently high. As I think most of us know, the truckload market remains soft. We are seeing some signs of tightening, but this asset-light model really does provide great flexibility in the up and down cycles. Synergies are on track. We expect to get about $100 million of that for 2017 and we're seeing them across the board in procurement, backhaul, asset utilization, cross-selling, and some of that's dropping obviously to the Domestic and Supply Chain/Freight segments. The last thing I'll say is that we've landed on the European continent with our Freightex acquisition where we're really excited about that. And we've expanded into Mexico also in addition to Canada. So we're really excited about taking the European  or the Coyote model abroad and things are going very, very well. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will come from Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Great. Good morning. It sounds, David, like you were talking a bit about the accelerated rollout. I just want to understand, are you speeding up the timeframe or is this the same time you talked about back in February in terms of the 17 facilities? And is that something that you could accelerate? And similarly, on your Saturday delivery, you talked about going from 15 metro areas to 4,700 cities. Is that a hiring move or scheduling for drivers that takes time to roll that out? Thanks.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: All right. I'll take the first part of the question and then Myron will answer about the Saturday delivery. The theme of our recent management conference was about going forward fast. And we're looking at every bit of our strategy and seeing where can we ramp up facilities, where can we ramp up implementation of technology in all of our investments. We feel like the schedule that we have, and we're right on top of that schedule, Rich talked about what the CapEx was for the first quarter and it leads up right to the yearly average. So we're right on plan there. But if we can open up some of these buildings a little earlier, that is our focus. We're going to do them right. We're going to implement them right. But we're looking in all regards to be able to answer our customers' needs and to do it as quickly as possible. And Saturday Air is a good example of that. We've got a pretty aggressive plan. And Myron, you want to talk about that?
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. Ken, we're actually on schedule for our deployments. We opened up 40 buildings in the first quarter that impacted 15 major metro areas and we hope to  well, we will complete over 200 scheduled facilities for Saturday in the back half of this year. Early adoption from our customers has been extremely positive, but we like to look at it as full Saturday operations. And the combination of picking up on Saturday and delivering on Monday has proven to be a real market advantage for all of our customers. Particularly, when you look at a number of fulfillment houses that are locating closer to their customer base. They're telling us that this added capability is really working very well for them. So we're pleased with our progress to-date and if we can speed up, we certainly will. Thank you.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question will come from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, I think the Pulse of the Online Shopper reports that EPS puts out are pretty informative, and we've seen recently one of the big-box retailers offered discounts for items online, purchased online that aren't in the store. If a consumer is willing to pick it up in the store, they'll get a discount off of that. So, just wondering how you see consumer behavior moving throughout your forecast period here and if you expect shippers will start to offer similar discounts to consumers, and if that's something that you expect will kind of help with density and help relieve some of the B2C pressure across all the networks that we're seeing recently. Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. Brian. This is Alan. Yeah. I think that one of the takeaways from the Pulse of the Online Shoppers are that the consumers want to get their packages when and where they want to when they're ordering online. And that program you talk about, the base of that program has been out there for quite some time and now, folks are beginning to put promotional programs around that model and that will drive potentially more ship-to-store type of volume for UPS, which is certainly B2B, which is great business for us. We're really focused on what the needs and the wants are of these consumers that we can tailor our services for the retailers so that they can win. And that really comes back to our omnichannel strategies which have ship-to-store  ship-from-store, store-to-store, our returns portfolio, along with UPS Access Points and My Choice. And I think Saturday deliveries and Saturday operations with pickup is just another great example of how we're working to build that e-commerce value stack to make sure that we're capturing share in that particular piece of the market profitably.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ben Hartford with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I don't know if Juan's on the line. If not, maybe this question is for Jim. But curious about kind of emergence of blockchain technology and any sort of implications it may have for the International business, for Freight Forwarding specifically, and I guess most specifically customs brokerage. I know you guys have a large presence there. So, any perspective you might have on the implications from blockchain either negatively or positively? How you see that developing would be helpful. Thanks.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. I would say, Ben, the whole Hyperledger that sits beneath it does have application in many parts of our business. And I think, obviously, we had questions  David had so far  about some of the investments and other ones we're looking at and how we speed those up. There is a rhythm to this, obviously. We are the world's largest customs broker. That's a big business that it needs to be innovated and blockchain is one of  along with the likes of artificial intelligence, and obviously, we've got the Trade Facilitation Agreement that now has come across under World Trade Organization. So, yes, it's in there. It's in many pieces of our business, including other parts of Forwarding. We don't want to get too far  ahead of ours skis here and talk about it today on the call. But I think as it evolves and we put more of it in the market, we'll point to that in the calls and how it's really impacting both customers and the bottom line of business. And I think Rich has a couple comments as well.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. When you think about the potential of a blockchain, we see a tremendous amount not just in the areas Jim talked about, but also even in how customers and suppliers  our customers who are fulfilling transact. And so we do think there's a lot of potential there. And that's one of the reasons that David actually created the Advanced Technology and Engineering Group is to make sure we stay in front of the latest in technology, figuring out where the best business uses are. Sometimes there'll be many. We may start with one and then apply it differently across the entire network. So we are watching that very carefully. And between our Advanced Technology Group as well as our Strategic Enterprise Fund, we will find where the best use is, but one of the things we have to make sure is the right and proper controls in the ownership of the data that's there before we can start putting it into the integrity of our systems.
Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: That's great. Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take an online question. This comes from Dave Ross and it's about the International volumes and how we should think about it being related to specific market share gains and the global economy broadly. So, Jim?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, David, I guess before I go right to the answer, I want to kind of drop back because I think for us, internationally, this was a pretty unique quarter for us. It was what I consider the culmination of a couple years of work and it's got long runway ahead of it to continue. We talked a little bit about this at the conference  I did, specifically  investment conference in February about the flywheel effect, and that's exactly what's going on in the business right now. It's the combination of the right investments in the network over the last couple years. We put some new governance models in place to run the business in really good opportunity places like the Middle East and North America. We got new partnership models that are running in our emerging markets and really pretty strong senior leadership cadence in International today. I'm pretty  very, very satisfied with that. So we go back to your question on where's the growth, is it economic? Is it the model? I'd say it's 90% model right now in UPS. And the reason I say that is if you look at places like Europe, for instance, we just completed the first quarter and saw over 15% intra-European growth, which is  where most of that piece of the business stays in Europe. That's not economic; that's just a model producing great, great benefits for customers who are choosing UPS at faster and faster rates than they ever had before. So we do see it continuing, we've got the emerging markets going forward as well and we had a really strong quarter in both China and all of Asia Pacific, and it's balanced. Really, if you look at across all of International right now, in my 15 years, I've never seen so many double digits in so many places at the same time. And finally, I think we've got in the new governance model in our U.S. North America export operation, it's starting to move like it hasn't in the past as well. So, I think it's the business model, I think it's leadership at UPS out in the field and also working with Myron's folks in the U.S. as great partners because it has to come in and out of the U.S. at the same time. So, we're pretty pleased with the first quarter and we expect it to continue going forward.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Danny C. Schuster - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi, good morning. This is Danny Schuster on for Allison. Thank you for taking our question. Historically, you discussed returning about 100% of net income through dividends and buybacks. So just wondering, while you're in your investment phase, what do you think is the more reasonable range to expect? And do you plan to get back to 100% after the investment cycle is completed?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Danny, this is Richard. I think the first thing that  when we're looking at the use of capital, we try to think about what's the best use given all the different opportunities in front of UPS to continue to grow the business. So, of course, with our high return on invested capital, our first goal is to reinvest in the business, grow the profits, and for the next three to five years, we did call out a higher CapEx. We also think it's important to have a strong return to our investors, and we have called out that our dividends are 50% to 55% of net income and that still is a priority. And then we've kind of given you a range on the buybacks between $1 billion and $1.8 billion. And the reason we gave the range was because as opportunities are created, we have to make sure we're evaluating what's in the best interest long term for the investors. Continuing to harvest the return on invested capital, growing the base, creating more value while returning to the shareholders. So, as we get through this next cycle, we'll see what new opportunities come and we'll make the appropriate decision. And through that process, we'll continue to do what we've always done and that's share it with our investors.
Danny C. Schuster - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for getting me on the call here. So, David, I guess following up off the response to that question and something you talked about earlier with a balanced top-line and bottom-line focus. We can definitely see in your Domestic business, if we go back four years, I think your revenue is up 15%. If we go up even farther, we can call it 30%, 40% growth. But we're just not seeing it translate into the bottom line. So, clearly, from our perspective, it looks like there's a very sharp market share focus at UPS. But why not maybe take a little bit more of that top line in price? Why not slow down the volume growth until you can get some of these initiatives in place? I guess just educate us from an outsider's perspective why we should care so much about volume and lower margins today and hope that these investments can drive better returns in the future.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. Well, I'll start out that question and then we'll go to Richard. But, first, I have to tell you that we look at it a little bit differently than you do. So I appreciate your opinion, but we believe that it needs to be a very balanced approach. We have talked today and Alan shared that we were at the top end of our range that we're looking at the 2% to 3% of increasing our pricing. But he also talked about the surge pricing and what we're going to do there to make sure that our costs are covered, especially during those high points of the year where capacity is tight. So, I don't believe we're putting less emphasis on pricing. I think that we have wrapped up the emphasis on pricing. We have also shared with you that we're going to see positive operating leverage in the U.S. this year. We knew that we were going to have some investment costs at the beginning of the year that would not have as much revenue coming in as it will in the later part of the year. But we really feel the key is we have to be balanced. We have to continue to work on our costs. We want to grow the business. We want to grow it in the right direction and we're putting a lot of businesses in that area, and we're going to make sure that we're pricing right. So, Richard, I may not have given you a lot of wiggle room, but go ahead and follow up on a couple of the things.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. When we look at how we're doing and what we're doing today, we are investing in the network and we're not investing in the network for the next quarter or the next year. It's really about generationally and about the long term. There has been a fundamental shift in how our market has been created for small package. The time period you were talking about, you can go back and you'll see there was a much larger B2B. The number of people buying online was much lower. And so, our market is expanding, but the way people are receiving merchandise is different. And we're preparing this company and our network to make the adjustments for that. And then the other thing that I don't think we expected to see the last few years was really how slow IP was. Now, we do see IP starting to recover, but we're also balancing that with a lot of brick-and-mortars redoing their model and adjusting. So, it's really about the investment, getting to $800 million to $1 billion in savings and avoidance we called out. And we think over the long term and as we complete the transformation of the network, you'll see that all of the efforts we put in not only bring back the return on invested capital at the highest in the industry, but the margins are appropriate as we have guided at the Investor Conference as well.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Let's take a online question. We have another question that has come in on what the corporate tax rate of 15% that has been mentioned in the press. So, David?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We heard this yesterday and so we're not prepared to quantify what the advantage for us would be. But I can tell you, it would be very, very positive. And we are a high-taxed corporation. We've told you that we expect our rate to be 35%  effective rate 35% this year. So we're very encouraged by what we're hearing. And we know we're early in the process, but we support and have supported for a long time comprehensive tax reform. We certainly felt like the tax rate needed to be lowered. We have competition based in other countries that is paying a much, much less tax rate. And we do believe that a competitive international tax system was extremely important. So, the initial results we got from yesterday, we felt good about it. We look forward to working with Congress and the administration on this legislation, but we think that it will help American companies be more competitive. We think it will drive jobs, and we're very excited about the potential. So thank you for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Morning, everyone. A couple of questions. First, can you specifically quantify the impact of the facility fire in the quarter? And second, on last mile warehousing, as B2C becomes a larger part of your business going forward, do you see the need to shift your operating footprint and your warehousing footprint to be closer to the customer? And if you could elaborate on some of the initiatives you're taking in your investment plan to do that. Thanks.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So I'll take the first part of the question around the fire and then I'll pass it off to Jim to talk about the distribution question. But Ravi, if you look at what we put out and I think when you see this quarter, we tried to give as much transparency as possible and full visibility to the onetimes, what was happening with fuel as prices change and increase as well as what was going on with the currency. But at the end, you can kind of pretty much figure that the big change in both the weather and the fire combined was about $20 million, and that could be laid out based on the math that we have there. And those were things we weren't (53:32) at the same time, we had another benefit in the tax that kind of offset that. But at the end of the day, those two combined kind of wash out. But the fire wasn't something we expected. The operation has made all the proper repairs. The building is back open, and the businesses continue to run in that facility. But it was something that we did feel like we need to call out.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: And I'll take the second part. This is David and not Jim. But on warehousing and the need for it to be closer, I'll give you a couple of things. First is  and Alan talked about our omnichannel strategy earlier. And we do believe and especially with some of the brick-and-mortar companies, they're looking at how they can compete with large e-commerce companies. And so, working with us on being able to hit the customer the next day or in two days  and we've had a lot of good discussions and we believe that we are the best answer when it comes to those retail solutions that's out there. Another thing, though, that we're certainly seeing progress is these midsized customers, that they really want to be able to compete with that time in transit. They could never build the warehousing in order to do that. So that has been our focus over the last few months and will continue to be is how we can use our available facilities and give these midsized customers very similar coverage to what the larger companies would have, and that would be based on our small package network, but it's based on Jim's distribution and warehousing network. And we see that as a very good opportunity for us and we're continuing to work with our customers in those areas. So thank you for the questions.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. We're going to take another online question. This question comes out  some news that came out here this morning, late yesterday afternoon about the Defense Department awarding UPS a contract for services. Alan?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. Look, we're certainly excited to have been awarded that shipping contract for the next five years. The contract is for small package global shipping and custom services and covers the U.S. Military and a host of other government agencies. And it will commence in the fourth quarter of 2017. We're actually one of the leading providers to the U.S. government today, and this enables the U.S. government to continue receiving the value they get from those UPS services. And it's also going to provide us with some significant opportunities to grow our business with the U.S. government, while helping them create better efficiencies and value for them and their customers. So we're really excited about that opportunity. Thanks.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to follow up with another online question about synthetic density and what we're doing to create synthetic density in our business models as we build up these investments.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. We've talked about synthetic density before and how it is important to improve the residential stop density, and we've got quite a few initiatives that we're focusing on there. We've seen some improvements and we think there's a lot of potential. So it is something that we talk to our customers about, especially the large shippers, the large e-commerce, the large brick-and-mortar shippers. So, Alan, do you want to get into a little bit more detail about synthetic density?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. I would just start out by saying that when you look at really our whole UPS e-commerce value stack, almost everything we're doing there has a component of creating synthetic density, while at the same time, providing great value to the retailers and the consumers that enjoy those services. We all know about SurePost and SurePost Redirect, and Redirect was up about 10% for the quarter year-over-year, quarter-to-quarter. Some of the other services like UPS Access Point where the shipper from their web portal can direct their consumers to UPS Access Points, both for their convenience or for the retailer to achieve a lower cost, while UPS ends up with a more profitable shipment. They can also  on 35 million now My Choice users are redirecting a lot of their packages to these access points and then, obviously, our not in ones, when we miss you at home, we're redirecting those to access points. So that's kind of, like I've said before, the Swiss Army knife of getting consumers' deliveries in a profitable way. We're rolling out about 300 lockers in the U.S. We've already got 200 of them out there and they're another way for us to make that synthetic density. And you've heard us talk about SDS, Synchronized Delivery Solutions, where the match is created before the package ever leaves the shipper. And then last, but not least is returns, which we're going to continue to drive. We've just added Optoro to our industry-leading returns value proposition, and that's going to enable customers to optimize the value for disposition of those returns goods. And then last, but not least is that the  one-tenth of a piece per stop on delivery density increases our operating profit by $200 million. So we're extremely focused on continuing to drive this synthetic density.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A today. Now, I'll turn the program back over to Scott.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: I want to thank everyone for the questions today. We really appreciate it. David?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: All right. Just a couple closing comments. We're making good progress on our building of the smart global logistics network. We continue to see strong growth opportunities for UPS. We've just seen great performance in International and the Supply Chain & Freight this quarter. You heard that from Jim and from others. We've made it very clear today that we expect U.S. Domestic to have positive leverage in the quarters ahead. That's going to happen by  we're going to continue to increase our effectiveness focusing on technologies, focusing on our processes and procedures, but also focusing on our pricing initiatives to make sure we carry those out. We are transforming and growing this business. We're going to continue to do that, and we have more strategic announcements on the way. And we just like to finish by thanking each of you for joining us on the call. Really appreciate it. Thanks.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc. David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc. Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc. Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc. James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc. Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.
Analysts: Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Kenneth S. Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Brian P. Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc. Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Danny C. Schuster - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc. Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Aegis Capital Corp.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. And, as a reminder, today's call will be recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements and address our expectation for the future performance or results of operation of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2015 Form 10-K and the 2016 Form 10-Qs. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the quarter, UPS recorded a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $1.7 billion. The charge resulted from lower discount rates and asset returns. Lower interest rates used to calculate the plan discount rate contributed to the bulk of the shortfall. In addition, investment returns on plan assets were negatively affected by the overall market performance. In the prior year period, UPS recorded a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $79 million. The charge resulted from lower asset returns that were partially offset by higher discount rates. More details on mark-to-market accounting are available in a presentation on the Investor Relations' website. GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter 2016 was a loss of $0.27. Excluding the impact of the mark-to-market pension charge, adjusted earnings per share was $1.63, while fourth quarter 2015 GAAP diluted earnings per share was $1.48 and adjusted earnings per share was $1.57. Unless stated otherwise, discussion today will refer to adjusted results. The webcast of today's call, along with a reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, are available on the UPS Investor Relations' website. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Before I turn it over to David, I want to remind everyone of our Investor Conference on February 21. UPS senior leaders will update you on our latest technology and our long-term strategy. We look forward to seeing you at the conference. Now, I will turn the call over to David.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. UPS produced record earnings in 2016, and revenue reached an all-time high of $61 billion. We completed the initial stages of our long-term investment strategy, which enabled UPS to accelerate e-commerce and international shipment growth in the second half of 2016. For the fourth quarter, the International segment delivered another extraordinary performance, with shipment growth exceeding 7% and operating profit rising by double digits for the eighth consecutive quarter. Over the last two years, our International business has built a strong foundation, generating 30% incremental profit growth. This positive momentum in our core International business model will continue going forward. Looking specifically at peak season, UPS helped our customers complete another successful holiday season. We delivered more than 712 million packages globally, a 16% increase over the same period last year. This record volume was driven by strong and steady e-commerce demand throughout the period. Our embrace and, in reality, our facilitation of the e-commerce boom offers even more growth and earnings potential as we further transform our network. We will continue to invest in air and ground capacity and operating efficiency improvements in order to fully capitalize on the e-commerce growth with an improved bottom line. In the U.S., we completed investments that enabled our network to respond with on-time service, even with this record-setting volume. However, during the quarter, we experienced a significant shift in mix toward lower revenue products. This, combined with the cost of facility investments yet to come online, weighed on our Q4 results. In 2016, we completed nearly 200 facility projects and announced about 7 million square feet of new capacity. This included a dozen all-new facility or major modernization investments. And we are moving rapidly towards completion of many of these projects. During the fourth quarter, we announced substantial hub modernization in (6:36) greenfield expansion projects. These and other investments will create improved network flexibility to address e-commerce mix and generate greater operating efficiency and enhance profitability. In Atlanta, we unveiled our largest current project, a new 1.2 million square foot facility. This highly-automated $400 million ground hub will be our third largest sortation facility in the network. We also announced projects at two large regional hubs in Ohio and Florida. These high-priority facilities will expand network capacity and utilize the most advanced sortation technology available. The capacity and efficiency benefits from these latest projects will come online over the next two years. In Europe, we've already completed one-third of our $2 billion network expansion and redesign program. Many of these investments are starting to contribute to our strong International segment performance. We have more announcements planned as part of our U.S. and European investment programs in the coming months. We are also executing inorganic strategies to drive growth across key industries, building additional capabilities through acquisitions and partnerships. We added new health care capabilities with the acquisition of Marken, a global provider of supply chain solutions to the life sciences industry. Marken's 44 locations, combined with our pre-existing health care network, makes UPS a leader in clinical trials logistics. We now operate more than 100 dedicated health care locations worldwide. We also acquired Freightex, a U.K.-based asset-light provider of truckload brokerage services. This acquisition gives us a great expansion platform in Europe for the Coyote business model. In addition, we entered a partnership with Optoro, a reverse logistics technology company. This alliance creates a comprehensive return solution that extends our reach within the retail and manufacturing sectors. It's a powerful combination of logistics know-how and data analytics to minimize returns costs and complexity. The addition of these unique capabilities gives UPS unmatched global solutions across industry verticals. Now looking at 2017, the global economic outlook remains generally positive, and forecasts have risen modestly over the last few months. In the U.S., GDP growth for 2017 is forecast to be slightly higher than last year. The expansion of e-commerce is expected to continue, with another year of double-digit growth. On the commercial side of the economy, industrial production outlook has gone from negative to slightly positive. That favorable move is a good sign for the manufacturing sector. However, U.S. exports are expected to face continued headwinds from a strong U.S. dollar. Global growth estimates for 2017 have been largely unchanged. The outlook for both Europe and China has rebounded slightly, although economists are still expecting slower year-over-year growth. We believe a key to continued global economic growth is the expansion of free trade. UPS supports trade initiatives that give our customers fair and simplified access to markets outside their home country. We support the move towards additional bilateral, as well as multilateral, trade agreements that give improved access to international markets. UPS is ready to help our customers navigate this period of change using the expertise we've developed as one of the world's largest customs brokers. In the U.S., a new political era has begun, and we look forward to working with the Trump administration and Congress. We expect the economy will be center stage, along with efforts to strengthen U.S. competitiveness. There are opportunities for progress on a number of critical issues that impact economic growth. At UPS, we strongly support comprehensive corporate tax reform. Lower corporate tax rates will encourage investment, create jobs, and make the U.S. a more competitive country. We believe the case for infrastructure development is clear. A world-class infrastructure is the backbone of a modern healthy U.S. economy, and it will certainly reduce costly delays for UPS. In addition, reduction of Federal regulations will also make the U.S. economy more vibrant. UPS supports a streamlined and targeted regulatory environment, reducing uncertainty and producing better conditions for growth. We are encouraged by these prospects and look forward to offering input as specific proposals are developed and implemented. Before I turn it over to Richard, I want to take a moment to personally thank all UPSers around the world for their dedication and extraordinary efforts during the holiday season. As we begin 2017, we're optimistic about our future. We see great opportunities ahead for UPS. We are strengthening our network and market position by making investments that create long-term value for customers and share owners. Now, Richard will provide you more details on our results. Richard?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. During the fourth quarter, UPS produced strong revenue growth of 5.5%. Top-line gains were driven by the opportunities in e-commerce and robust international shipment growth. Earnings per share came in at $1.63. And full year 2016 EPS was $5.75, an almost 6% increase over last year. International continues to lead the way, completing its eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit profit expansion. The U.S. Domestic segment delivered record volumes and adjusted to a historical shift of product mix. Finally, Supply Chain & Freight grew top line, tonnage, and shipments, but is still managing through tough market conditions. Now, turning to details within each business segment. U.S. Domestic revenue was up 6.3% to $10.9 billion in the quarter. Fuel revenue was a benefit to the top line growth by about 20 basis points. Package growth was strong the quarter. Its average daily volume was up 5%. Ground products were up 5.4%, driven by more than a 25% jump in SurePost volume. We also had solid gains in our Air products. Next Day Air shipments increased 4.4%, and Deferred Air was up almost 3%. Strong market demand for our e-commerce solutions created a significant shift in product mix during the quarter. B2C shipments grew at 11.5%. We reached a number of historic levels during the quarter, including 55% B2C, the largest volume increase in a quarter and the highest month ever at 63% B2C in December. We also delivered to an additional 2.5 million new addresses this quarter. These UPS records demonstrate the expanding reach of e-commerce, which comes with great opportunities and some challenges. On the commercial delivery side of the business, B2B shipments were down slightly. Growth in return shipments was double-digit. However, commercial activity remained soft, including brick-and-mortar deliveries. Weak industrial production trends, revenue management actions on a handful of large accounts, and a strong U.S. dollar were all headwinds in the quarter. Looking at operating expense, average delivery stops increased 4.6% and average daily volume was up 5%. Yet through the power of ORION, we held daily package miles to only a 0.3% increase. Total cost per piece growth was held to 0.6% including a 0.3% impact from fuel. Given all these factors, overall profits fell below our expectations, as the balance of e-commerce shipments affected our bottom line. As a result, operating profit was relatively flat at $1.3 billion for the quarter. We are mid-cycle in transforming our network over the next several years, as we move through this period of expanding e-commerce opportunity. As investments come online, we are adding capacity, more efficiency and greater flexibility. With the e-commerce opportunity, we recognize additional revenue initiatives are needed to better align price with our cost to serve. This is a dynamic process to ensure that we are properly compensated for changes in product mix and the cost to manage volume surges through the year. We are using this multi-pronged approach to build upon our results. Looking now at the International segment, our business model is creating value for our customers and shareholders, with eight quarters of consistent double-digit profit gains, resulting in almost $600 million in incremental profits since 2014. Total operating profit climbed more than 13% to over $700 million for the quarter, another record level for the segment. Operating margin was strong and expanded year-over-year. This quarter's margin benefited by approximately 300 basis points due to the hedging gains. The total revenue was $3.3 billion, or up 5%, and up 6.2% on a currency-neutral basis. Export shipments were up 8.4%. Results were driven by strong growth across a number of regions and products. The Asia region was up 20%. And intra-Europe exports saw over a 10% increase, showcasing the strong foundation of our broad cross-border network. Finally, the Supply Chain & Freight segment continued to manage through soft market conditions. More specifically, the Forwarding and Freight units remained challenged by overcapacity in the market. In the Forwarding business, tonnage increased in Air and Ocean Freight for the first time in more than a year. The unit saw mid-single-digit growth in tonnage for Air Freight, but narrowing buy-sell spreads in the quarter. Ocean Freight produced strong results, as tonnage and profits increase year-over-year. UPS Freight returned to growth, producing modest increases in revenue, tonnage and shipments. We remain focused on profitable revenue and growing our middle-market customer base. Growth in (18:36) logistics continues to outpace the general market. They are creating customer value with their high service levels and through expanded access to the full suite of UPS capabilities. The acquisition of Coyote was a great addition to UPS, providing us with the unique technology platform, strong adjacent market growth, and it was accretive in year one. Now, let's turn to our cash flow. Once again, UPS returned more than 100% of net income to shareholders, as we purchased more than 25.5 million shares for approximately $2.7 billion and paid out another $2.8 billion in dividends, up about 7% per share over last year. Through 2016, UPS generated healthy cash from operations, producing over $6.5 billion. We reinvested just under $3 billion in our business this year as well. Also in the fourth quarter, we made an opportunistic discretionary payment to fund pension liabilities for approximately $1 billion, basically taking advantage of the rate arbitrage around increasing PBGC premiums. Looking at our tax rate, in the fourth quarter, UPS lowered the effective tax rate to 34.5%. International profit growth, combined with adjustments for several discrete tax events, produced these savings. For 2017, we expect our tax rate to remain around 35%. Now, let's cover the rest of guidance. At our Investor Conference in three weeks, we'll provide more details on our plans for 2017 and update you on our expectations through 2019. Today, we are providing a high-level view of where UPS is headed in 2017. We've enjoyed the advantages of multi-year hedging over the last few years. And 2017, as we have discussed, is a transition year. With the strength of the U.S. dollar, we now anticipate a combined headwind from hedged and unhedged currencies of about $400 million for the year. We expect total revenue to grow 5% to 7% ahead of our historical norms. We are adapting to the on-going growth of e-commerce, and we are leaning into this opportunity. As a result, we will be moving our CapEx target range in 2017. CapEx is expected to be around $4 billion for the year. These additional investment dollars will give us more capacity and greater efficiency in both our Air and Ground networks. Elevating our CapEx, given our high ROIC, and continuing to be opportunistic with capital, we are increasing our long-term shareholder value. We remain committed to growing dividends and expect, based on our current view, share repurchases to be around $1.8 billion for the year. It's important to remember that the currency headwinds will impact operating profit by about $400 million this year, and that reduces the EPS guidance range by about $0.30 per share, or almost 500 basis points. As a result of the $0.30 currency headwind, we expect earnings in a range of $5.80 to $6.10 per diluted share. The distribution of EPS across the quarters will be very similar to 2016. Looking more closely at the segments, in the U.S. Domestic segment, we expect average daily volumes to be up 3% to 5%, driving revenue up 5% to 7%. As we increase the pace of investments, additional operating costs will be incurred and temporarily impact margins. Therefore, operating margins will only improve slightly in 2017. And the International segment is anticipated to continue its positive momentum, with average daily shipments up 4% to 6%. Product mix will continue to be a headwind for the yield. And, as a result, we see revenue increasing 2% to 4%. Operating profit is expected to be below 2016 by 4% to 8%, due to the currency headwinds of almost $400 million. Adjusting for this headwind, the core growth in bottom-line results remains strong. In the Supply Chain & Freight segment, we will show improvements throughout 2017, due to the conditions in Forwarding and the Freight sector getting better. As a result, we anticipate revenue growth of 8% to 10%, with margins slightly below 2016 levels. Operating profit will be down during the first quarter, due to the slower recovery in the Freight Forwarding area. Profits will accelerate throughout the remainder of the year. Overall, we anticipate 2017 to be another successful year for UPS. We are investing today to ensure we capitalize on the expanding market opportunities. We have a long history of financial strength. We're using our power to build long-term value through our investment and growth plans to meet these opportunities. Thank you for your time today. We look forward to spending more time at the Investor Conference on February 21, providing you additional details on our long-term business strategies and expectations for 2017 and beyond. Now, I'll ask the operator to open the line so we can take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, great. Thanks and good morning. I wanted to ask a question on Domestic margins. So, Richard, you just noted that you're expecting margins to improve slightly, I think, in 2017. What are the specific actions you're going to be taking? We're seeing this sort of mix shift happening here. You mentioned price earlier on the call. Is price going to be the primary tool? Is there a way to accelerate that to maybe see a little bit more than slight improvement in 2017? Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure, Chris. I think the first thing to think about here is that based on this tremendous change in mix, we think it's important to continue to lean in. And so, what you'll see is that we're going to actually quicken the pace of our CapEx, because we think the benefits long-term make sense. So we're going to take some operations penalty, and that's why you see the margin going what it is. But it is two sides to the equation. And in a minute, I'll ask Alan to comment on the revenue side. But from a cost side, we continue down the same path we've been on, but with this tremendous opportunity, we feel like we can take the challenge on because the market is expanding and gives UPS an opportunity to continue to grow. And that's why you see in our guidance, that we actually guided higher than our historical norm. And you saw for this quarter, actually the fastest growth of revenue that we've seen in any of the quarters this year. Alan?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, thanks, Rich. Clearly, our integrated model generates superior margins and returns. However, as Richard alluded to, it's more complex to manage when the volume surges or when we see these product mix shifts that we're seeing, unlike any past trends. So the first goal is to ensure that the revenue aligns with the new product mix and the peak value that we're creating for our customers. So for 2017, we've already taken some significant action. The 2017 GRI was really targeted to maximize our base rates and profitable growth. And, in addition, there's a few notable items that are targeted specifically at some of these changes we're seeing. First is, we have a new DIM weight divisor for all the U.S. domestic packages greater than one cubic foot. We've changed that from 166 to 139. And then with e-commerce, we're also seeing a lot more of these larger packages. So we've changed our additional handling fee for all packages with lengths over 48 inches versus 60 inches. We did that back mid-year for Ground in 2016. And for Air and SurePost, that's effective for 2017. And just one other note on the large packages, we've also raised our over max charge very significantly. So those are a few of the actions that we're taking, but certainly there's going to be additional focus on yield management improvements for peak and year-round to make sure we're aligning our price to our cost to serve and the value that we're creating for our customers, ensuring we're receiving proper returns. Thanks for the question, Chris.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kenneth S. Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, great. Good morning. If I could just follow up on that a little bit, you keep investing to keep pace with e-commerce, so your outlook is a 0% to 5% EPS growth. You mentioned the 500 basis points impact from currency. I guess the $400 million is a little higher than the prior $300 million target. Is that a structural shift down from your prior EPS long-term growth rate? Does this shift back over time as investments slows? Maybe you can talk a little bit about that structural change.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. I'll start by saying that when we look at guidance, we look at two things. First, we look what's happening inside UPS, and of course we look at the economic conditions. In terms of inside UPS, we're continuing to create operating efficiency through implementation. But what we're really doing is leaning in and saying, we need to do this faster. And so that creates long-term value, because when we change our network, we're changing it for not just our B2C volume, but we're changing it for all of our products, because we run that integrated network. So we will see some operating penalties in the short-term as we have temporary buildings, as we do more hub mod a little faster, things like that. But at the same time, economically, we provide a guidance range that's realistic. And so, that's why it's actually  the guided number was 1% to 6%, (28:52) but you have to add that 500 basis points to it, or $0.30 a share, and you get to something that shows underlying growth actually continuing to be strong. And essentially, when you look at  because you referenced the old guidance numbers  if you look back in 2014, the forecast for industrial production was different over the last two years. It stayed soft. There was supposed be a recovery mid-2015, and that did not occur. Additionally, you've seen this continued contrast in consumer versus industrial growth. And, of course, the last point is that the pension discount rates and interest rate environment generally have stayed softened really for eight years, and again, there was an expectation back in 2014 that that would start to recover. So we'll cover all this in a lot more detail when we meet in a few weeks at the Investor Conference, but we feel like, when you put it all together, the underlying business is performing well. We're preparing it for the future, and that's why we've guided the way we have.
Kenneth S. Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We're going to take a online question from Brian Ossenbeck at JPMorgan. And Brian's question is about the investments in Europe, the $2 billion investment that we've laid out. And to the extent that the program is improving time in transits across our International Ground network, when will the benefits really start being realized?
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay, Brian. This is Jim Barber. I'll take that one. I guess I could start with the last question and move back to the first is, when will the benefits be realized? I think they continue to be realized every year we perform our growth model in Europe. Very specifically to the question, a couple of points, is that I like to say that the buildout in Europe is in thirds. We've completed a third, we have a third underway and a third yet to go. I almost liken it to an integration, it just happens to be organic versus inorganic. And the reason I say that is, when we're done, we will have actually modified about a third of our network in Europe. Now to one more point, I think would resonate on the question and the discussion about, when will benefits accrue? Earlier in the year, we took a look at the network and decided we needed to speed it up on behalf of consumers in the market. We actually modified 7,000 lanes in 27 country pairs, effectively speeding the network up by a day in every case across intra-Europe. The proof point is that, if you look at the growth model in Europe, the first quarter was flat. The second quarter, we grew on the ground at almost 6%, the third quarter almost 8%, and the quarter we just finished, we grew at about 11%. So I think the question about, when will the benefits accrue, I think that's rhetorical. And I think the issue is for us to keep it going. And in 2017, our next steps will be up in the air to continue the expansion. So I appreciate the question.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Yeah, good morning. I wanted to ask you a little bit more about the Domestic margin pressure that you experienced in fourth quarter. Is this primarily a start-up cost issue? And you did describe how you ramped a lot of facilities up, and that was a pretty strong pace. Or is it more of a delivery-point density issue? You talked about the miles driven, that that was pretty efficient, but your stops were up a lot. So I don't know if you can kind of differentiate if it's both or more of one of the other. And then, I don't know if you have any thoughts that you want to provide on the, just where you're at on the hub modernization program? Because you did refer to accelerating that a bit, I think, versus what the prior plan was, so I guess those are the questions. Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. So, when you look at the operating margin, the biggest impact to the operating margin for the fourth quarter was really driven by the balance of volume. We saw, in fact, a dramatic shift in B2C. And we went back all the way 10 years, and this was the fastest pace of movement from B2B to B2C on a weighted average. So, on one side, it's partly driven by that. The other side is what's happening externally, too. And, of course, that means the industrial production is still  remained soft. In a minute, I'm going to ask Myron talk a little about specifically the operations, but what we're really saying is, by talking about our increased CapEx really this year, we went up over 20% and next year we're going to do it again, it's really about quickening the pace so that we can continue to transform the network, because long-term, that's going to improve the margins. And it's actually going to help or be a tailwind as we come against more volume that has a little less density. We are still creating that synthetic density through SurePost redirect, through My Choice and the use of access points. But when you put it all together, this is really about, we're mid-cycle in a process that we laid out a few years ago. And we said it would be about a five-year process to get done. And we are going to quicken a little bit to get it done, because of the results and the value it creates is worthwhile. With that, on hub mod, we're going to talk about that at the Investor Conference in a few weeks, and I'll ask Myron to talk specifically about the Domestic business.
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, Tom, quickly, we're, as Rich mentioned, mid-process of a multi-year approach to our automation process, but they are giving us 20% to 25% greater productivity. That helps us to improve flexibilities, reduce the handles in our network, which obviously continue to help us reduce or bend the cost curve. So we're about mid-way through the process, with most of the capacity and automation coming online in 2018, 2019 and 2020. But as Rich mentioned, we'll give you more information in a few weeks.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is Scott again. Let's just make sure that there's only one question. We're trying to get through as many sell-side analysts as possible, so we'll only select one question moving forward per analyst.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning, and thanks for taking the question. Richard, just maybe can you give us your thinking on how you get comfortable that the Domestic margin has kind of found a floor here, and whether or not you can give us any more detail on how big the OpEx penalty that you pulled forward is for 2017?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay, David, good morning. When we're looking at the operating margin and what we're doing, it really has to do with several different initiatives that we have coming on. We have about 15 or so initiatives this year that we're investing in that are really about the future, both from a capacity standpoint, but also from a capability standpoint. I think it's best if we leave a lot of that discussion for when we meet at the Investor Conference, but I do think the important part is that we think there's two sides to solving this. The one side is continue bending the cost curve, and we've seen that with ORION. And if you think about these different projects we're talking about, they're the same kind of thing; continue to find automation and efficiency through investment of capital. At the same time, there's the revenue side and the things that Alan talked about. I think if you also step back for a moment and you look at where we are today versus a few years ago, because there's been references to that, since 2014, our revenue in the U.S. has grown 9%. And since 2014, our profit has grown almost 18%. So while we know we're not quite where we wanted to be this quarter, we do know that even though we took on historical numbers from B2C, fastest growth we've seen in 10 years, that the returns, while not where we want them to be, are still very strong. And we are building for the long-term with transforming our network, and this is just one of those steps in the process that we laid out a few years ago.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, so this is David. I'd just like to reinforce what Richard said. Just want to remind everybody, we did have record EPS for the fourth quarter and for the full year. E-commerce brings challenges. It certainly brings great opportunities. We believe we have the right strategy. We feel we're making the right investments. If this quarter told us anything, it told us we've got to quicken the pace and we've already said we're going to do that. And we're going to seize the opportunities that we know can come worldwide from B2C. So we see it as a very good opportunity for our people, and we're going to capitalize on it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey. Thanks. Morning, guys. So wanted to ask about the CapEx guidance, it implies about 6% of revenue on CapEx, which is the highest we've seen in, think, over 10 years. Would you characterize this as kind of a one-time step-up in CapEx, given kind of quickening the pace of capital projects or is this more of a new kind of run rate for CapEx? And maybe just at a higher level, can you just talk about, do you  you've said in the past that e-commerce was going to be a business that requires lower capital. Do we need to now rethink that, where it's a business that requires higher capital?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure, Scott, and again this is Richard. I think one thing to keep in mind here is our priorities have always been the same, which is first is to reinvest in the business because of the high ROIC being mid-20s or higher. When we look at it, we're not talking about investing in automating the networks because of only e-commerce. As I hopefully have communicated in the past, one of the benefits of everything we invest is that every package gets a benefit, and they get a benefit because we run that single integrated network. And so, we're investing to create automation and the use of technology across the network in major hubs. And that's going to impact both our B2C volume, our B2B, our Next Day Air and our exports and imports out of the U.S. That all being said, I think how you should think about the CapEx is for the next several years, we'll be a little higher than we have been, say, the last six or seven years. But it's all about continuing to create value, continuing to grow this company a little bit faster than historical norms. And that's why we also guided on the revenue the way we did. So we'll again talk a little bit more about our CapEx and where we're headed at the Investor Conference, but I think that gives you a pretty good picture of where we're headed.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We'll take an online question. This one, we've had multiple questions on trade. The questions are thoughts around global trade outlook with this new administration; how that's going to impact our business as well as the comments on the TPP and that losing favor in the current administration.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. This is David Abney. The first question came from David Ross [Stifel, Nicolaus]. And you know in spite of the headlines, and there's been quite a few, President Trump is really not against trade agreements. Now, he's made it very clear he wants trade agreements to be fair from a U.S. perspective. And he also has made it clear that versus multilateral agreements, that he's much more focused on bilateral agreements. UPS, as a company, we support trade agreements. We support bilateral. We support multilateral. And I can tell you that in every country where the U.S. in the last 10 years has reached a trade agreement, we have seen an actual real increase of packages entering our network going out to these countries, U.S. exports, of a 20% increase. And 20% increase, whether you get the benefit from many bilateral agreements or one multilateral agreement, you can see how that adds up. We did get a separate question, and it was concerning TPP and how disappointed are we that the U.S. has withdrawn from TPP negotiations? And obviously, UPS is a big supporter of TPP, and we thought it was a modernized trade agreement for the 21st century. And so, yes, we would like to see multilateral agreements like that get approved. But I can tell you that if you follow the President's strategy, and you do a series of fairly quick bilateral agreements with the major countries that are involved in TPP or that may eventually have been included in TPP, we think you can still get there, maybe not as quickly as you would in this manner, but we are encouraged that the U.S. is going to focus on trade agreements. And we are expecting to see some progress in a fairly short period of time. So thank you for the question.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning. David, you mentioned you're a fan of corporate tax reform. And I was hoping to get your thoughts on just the House GOP tax plan as it's written and then perhaps some comments on the details of the repatriation of cash held overseas, CapEx expensing, interest, the loss of deductibility; just how you think that would impact UPS as a company. And then also the border-adjusted provision, obviously, tied to that for the time being, how would that affect your customers if that were to be implemented? Thank you.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Brian, we're going to take the first part of that question, just the tax reform.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for that part of the question, Brian. And I may be able to cover a little part in answering this one, too. But first, you've got to realize that we have a high tax rate. It's about 35%. And so when we hear about comprehensive tax reform, we get pretty excited pretty quickly. There's no doubt about that. And we look for a competitive tax rate. We also look for the territorial provision that we can bring earnings back. When you get to the House blueprint, while we do appreciate the tax rate, we do share some concerns that many of our customers have about the potential impact of the border adjustment tax. And one of the first questions is we're trying to find out just exactly how that's going to work. And it's a little bit early. We don't have all the answers yet. So we're certainly pursuing those answers. And the second part of this, you have to know how it's going to work to see if it's really going to affect trade coming into the U.S. So from the blueprint, we are certainly excited about a lower rate, but we think there's a lot of concerns and a lot of questions about the border adjustment tax, and we need answers before we could go much further there. So thank you for the question.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. And thanks for taking my question. So, David, I realize you are at record earnings levels for the company, but I think if we look from 2014 through your guidance in 2017, we've only hit the long-term guidance one out of those four years. So when you talk about bending the cost curve going forward, we've heard about these technology investments for a long time now, package flow technology going back a while. We've heard about ORION for a number of years. I know you guys have implemented that; synthetic density, automated hubs. We can go on with the Coyote acquisition, but what is it about the business where you've just seen the degradation in margins for the past decade? And why is it that we think going forward, this acceleration investment is going to help profitability in the business?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Well, I'm actually going to take the question, Brandon. This is Richard. And I think the first thing you have to look at is, again, if you go back to 2014 and our long-term guidance, we expected to see growth in industrial production in 2015 and 2016. And really for the last year and a half, last year and three-quarters, you've seen that go negative. That has a big impact on growth rate of the B2B business. And earlier, I talked about, we looked at both the internal and the external, and we try to give you a range of realistic goals based on economic assumptions, and they've come in much differently. The other thing that plays a large part in where we sit is the discount rate is something like 100 basis points different. And you saw what that did to mark-to-market. That impacts expense, too. But separating all the external, what's happening inside the business is you're seeing this massive trend of B2C going much faster. We talked about in 2014, that it would be a five year process to get our hubs all automated. And so we're mid-process in it. And what we're really saying is for 2017, 2018, we're going to go a little faster than what we originally said because the value of that is so great, not only for the B2C, but for all of the business in Ground and our Next Day Air, et cetera. So one of the reasons we're coming together in a few weeks is really to talk about where we see the business today, what the economics numbers kind of show externally and how we see we're going to continue to grow this business. Because at the end of the day, one of the parts that's very important to us is that we do spur growth, and that's why you see us guide on revenue above our historical norm.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: And this is David. Just like to wrap up that question and still want to remind that we have the best margins in the industry, and there was a little bit of reference to, over the past couple of years. Let me just give you a quick comparison, just to keep everything relative. And I'll compare fourth quarter 2016 to fourth quarter 2014. Our operating profit's up over $200 million and 17.7%. We do have a very interesting opportunity when it comes to B2C. And it is not progressing in a linear fashion. There will be times that it doesn't speed up quite as much, and then there'll be times that it'll shoot forward, like it did now. But under no circumstances should anybody doubt whether we have the strategies or making the right investments. ORION, that you do hear us talk a lot about, we had 5% volume growth, and the number of miles that we traveled was an additional percentage-wise, Richard?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: 0.3%
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: 0.3%. So you just look at that. And if we had not made the investments in ORION, you just normally expect that you're going to grow volume by 5%; you're going grow stops by 4.7%; that you'd grow miles accordingly. And we were able to reduce that to 0.3 of a mile. These automated hubs have given us 20%, 25% efficiency. And so, the end of the day, it is not that we need to change our strategies, we need to quit making investments. The end of the day is, we've got to speed and go forward. We have to stay up with the market. The market is clearly moving greater B2C. That's the focus that you will see UPS from both an innovation, from a cost, and from working with our customers to make sure that we get paid for the cost to serve their packages. Thanks for the question, and let's move on to the next one, please.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. Swinging into International, could you discuss your outlook for package yield international, excluding ForEx, and elaborate on some of the key drivers going forward; looks like that's one of the stronger areas? Thanks.
James Jay Barber - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is Jim. So I think Richard kind of got close to that in the beginning. I think when you clean it up for FX, we're going to be sitting about 18%, and that certainly is a margin we're comfortable with. If you look at going forward, I've talked previously, a few minutes ago, about Europe. No question that that is paying dividends for us. I think, last quarter, we talked about our 747-800s. We touched on the fact that Asia grew almost 20%, to right at 20% for us in the fourth quarter; hence, leaning into the aircraft that'll start to come online in October of this year, which will pay dividends for us in peak of 2017. We're expanding in 21 cities in China. In those cities specifically, the growth rates are truly 50%, where we're putting in a different model to go to market in China, so we really feel good about Asia. And then I think the other thing that I would mention that's kind of gone quietly through International is, this year, last two years, we purposely put in Express expansion into the world. We kind of took a look at it internally. David pushed us to look at growth a little bit differently in 2015, actually. What that meant is that so far, in 2016, we've added Express to 60,000 more ZIP Codes in the world, in 52 different countries. We put 26 new countries on early a.m. at the same time, and proof point, just like the European growth model, our worldwide Express growth for the year 2016, which we will continue to move into 2017, has gone from flat to 4.5% growth to 8%, to now almost 11% growth in the export  in the International products, so we feel good about it, and all these things are coming together to get what you've seen in the past and will continue in the future. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Danny C. Schuster - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Good morning. This is Danny Schuster on for Allison. Thank you for getting our question in. So Richard, you mentioned a couple times that one of the two big headwinds outside of your control since 2014 has been the 100 basis point pension discount rate decline. So we just wanted to clarify going forward, how much pension expense headwind is included in the 2017 guidance?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure, Danny. I think, when you look at pension expense in 2017, we look at it in two buckets. We look at the multi-employer, and that will grow the same as volume, and so we don't really see any change to that. For the UPS-sponsored plans, it actually will be relatively flat, and it's really driven by the actions we took due to the increasing PBGC premiums and the pre-funding, as well as coming up against headwinds from the discount rate. So the important point here is that we actively manage the pension environment. And we're doing the right thing for UPS and for the investors, but essentially the expense for UPS-sponsored plans will be flat in 2017.
Danny C. Schuster - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. Thank you for the time. Just following up on your comments earlier about global trade and the new administration, I was just curious if you could maybe talk to the flexibility that you think is in the network to be able to add capacity in certain geographies or reduce capacity in others, given what we're seeing as could be fairly dynamic trade policy coming out of Washington, and the potential tax policy changes. How do we think about your ability to flex up and flex down your cost structure to match what could be changing freight flows?
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. This is David. The biggest advantage of our network is our ability to flex up and down. And if that means that trade happens more in one area versus the other, then we obviously can move our assets, and we can make those adjustments. We still, though, we don't believe that the world is falling off the cliff. We think that there will be trade agreements. We think that global trade is still going to continue to grow, and we're prepared to make those adjustments. And if something does happen where trade drops in particular areas of the world, then we will make those adjustments, too. If it means that we have to remove some of our planes from these areas temporarily or if we have to move resources, we will certainly do that. So we're prepared either way, but we're going to work very hard to make sure that everyone understands the importance of competing in the 21st century and that is through trade, which drives jobs, and it also drives opportunities for Americans. Thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah, thank you. So can you refresh us on your current rolling strategy of hedging FX forward a month at a time and how far you are into implementing it? Or we said it another way, just trying to get a sense if you're going to feel the impact of the late 2016 dollar strength this year in that $400 million that you guided, or if this is a more gradual headwind that comes on in 2018, 2019?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. This is Richard, obviously, and what I wanted to make sure that I cover on this, the headwind is for the year 2017. And what's actually going to happen over time is we'll see less of this because we're moving from a multi-year hedge, where extreme volatility that came out in 2014 and 2015 saw a dramatic drop. So therefore, we were kind of exposed because it went to one to $1.35 down to $1.11. Earlier last year, we started guiding around our dollar cost averaging, and so it's fully implemented in 2018, but we're fully covered in 2017 as well. And what we do is we buy $1.36 of our coverage each month. And so what that does is takes the volatility out of the currency. And that's how you hedge currencies. So what that means is your year-over-year comp won't have as much exposure because it's only the head and the tail that are different for the comparison periods. That being said, the unhedged currencies have exposure and that's because there's hundreds of currencies and it's all about how the currency reacts against the dollar. We haven't seen the kind of reaction that we saw really in the last six weeks to eight weeks of 2016 historically, where almost every major currency in the world went a different way than the dollar. And that's why we had to guide up that the expected impact for 2017 is around $400 million, but as it occurs through the year, we'll have to continue to give you information.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Aegis Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Aegis Capital Corp.: Thank you very much for letting me ask my question. You're about 1.2 times debt to EBITDA. You've explained why you're accelerating capital investment and reducing the amount of cash allocated to share repurchase. Since this level of CapEx is going to be at an elevated spend strategically for the next few years, should we expect less cash funneled towards share repurchase or might you be in a position to use some of the balance sheet to maintain the level of share repurchase for the next couple of years?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So again, this is Richard, and I think the most important thing is to remember that our priorities haven't changed. We still think investing in the business, making dividends a priority is important. But having the flexibility based on opportunistic-type things makes a lot of sense, we feel like. At the same time, it does appear we're entering a very favorable cycle for pension accounting, and so that may drive us to do things differently. We'll kind of put all this together and talk a little bit about that when we're together at the Investor Conference, but we think it's important that we're fortunate because we can balance the needs of the business and still have a strong total return to our shareholders. But we're always evaluating ways to accelerate and create value. And again, we'll plan to talk a little bit more about that at the Investor Conference.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the program back over to Mr. Childress and panel for any closing remarks they may have.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. We appreciate you joining us today. I'd like to allow David closing comments, if I would, please.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, so I'd like to thank everyone for being on the call. And we'd like to just finish up that we're very excited about the opportunities, the opportunities that we're going to have in e-commerce, but the opportunities  we didn't talk about this as much  in emerging markets, and with what Jim and his group is doing in our International business. And then, last is the focus on technology and making sure that we continue to implement technology that's going to make us more efficient. It's going to make us more flexible, and it's going to provide more value to our customers. So, again, thanks for being on the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our UPS Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Teleconference Call. We'd like to thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc. David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc. Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc. Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc. Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc. Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc. James Jay Barber, Jr. - United Parcel Service, Inc.
Analysts: Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC Kenneth S. Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc. Danny C. Schuster - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. LLC Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise, and after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours. Please go ahead.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS third quarter 2016 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Office, Alan Gershenhorn. Also joining us today is Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the statements we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of our company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2015 Form 10-K. This report is available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The webcast of today's call along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thanks for your cooperation. Now I will turn the call over to David.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased with our performance and happy to report another quarter of solid UPS earnings. These results demonstrate increased demand for our products and disciplined execution of our initiatives. I'll provide an update of our Q3 highlights, and then Kate will give you an update on peak season. During Q3, International segment increased operating profit by 14% or more than 7% package volume growth. Our International strategy is achieving outstanding results. This was seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit operating profit expansion. Yes. I said seven consecutive quarters of International operating profit growth. The U.S. Domestic business produced higher than anticipated package volume, driven by strong demand for our portfolio of ecommerce solutions. We continued to see increase demand for our air products, and this was quarter was no exception. Shippers are choosing UPS air products because our value is a differentiator. The Supply Chain and Freight segment is navigating prolonged weak market conditions. They're making progress in adapting their business model and focusing on capturing the right revenue opportunities. We're confident in our long-term strategies, and as a result of our performance this quarter, we remain on plan with this year's guidance. Turning now to the economy, where global growth has continued to be modest. In the U.S., consumer fundamentals remain healthy and account for most of the economic expansion while the outlook for industrial production remains weak. Overall, global GDP forecasts are slightly down. For the balance of 2016, we continue to see mixed economic signals across some industrial markets. Under these conditions, our diversified business model and our winning strategies still enable UPS to take advantage of high-growth markets such as cross-border trade and ecommerce. To facilitate growth, we're adding capacity and increasing efficiency in our globally integrated network. Trade lane and product portfolio enhancements are important components of our plans. We have significantly improved time in transit from several cities in the U.S. to Canada based on increased export opportunities. We have also dramatically improved service times for cross-border shipments between several major European cities. During the quarter, we strengthened our portfolio of urgent delivery options by expanding our Worldwide Express Plus product. We've doubled the number of countries served and are now reaching 90% of the world's GDP by the next day. We've also expanded solutions for specialized shippers by strengthening our clinical trial service used by pharmaceutical companies. We see excellent opportunities for growth in this part of the healthcare segment. Our actions are providing more delivery options, faster transit times and earlier guaranteed deliveries, helping UPS customers achieve their growth objectives. In addition, we're following a disciplined capital approach to invest in our business. In 2016, we announced 12 highly-automated facility upgrades as part of our multiyear strategy, and we plan to announce several significant new projects before the end of the year. These projects will help us to increase operating efficiency while simultaneously better serving our customers. Expectations in the ecommerce sector and specialized markets like healthcare logistics have continued to ship to faster delivery options. As a result, demand for both domestic and international air products has been strong. Since we took delivery of our last new plane in 2013, UPS air products have increased more than 15%. Clearly, over the last several years UPS has expanded market share in the Air segment, and we expect these trends to continue. In response, we're announcing the purchase of 14 Boeing 747-8 jumbo freighters along with options to buy 14 more in the future. We will take delivery of the first two at the end of 2017. This is a net add to our fleet. These new 747s will enable UPS to begin a cascade of aircraft route assignments that will add significant capacity in our busiest lanes. This will optimize global air network capacity well beyond the impact of adding these new cargo jets. All of these investments are aligned to meet expanding customer needs and produce positive financial returns. Looking now at the upcoming holiday season, we have created extensive peak season plans and built a foundation for another successful holiday for our customers and share owners. Our strategy is to follow the same framework outlined last year. It's the four Cs: collaboration, capacity, control and commitment. To conclude, I want to recognize the hard-working and dedicated UPSers around the world for the progress we've made year-to-date and to thank them in advance for their commitment to another successful peak season. And now Kate will update you on our peak plans.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks David, and good morning everyone. It's my pleasure to review our 2016 peak season plans with you. The dramatic growth of online shopping and subsequent returns is expected to lift UPS package levels to a record high during this upcoming holiday period. Between Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve 2016, there are two additional operating days and we expect to complete over 700 million deliveries worldwide, about 100 million more than last year. In the overall U.S. market, the National Retail Federation expects total holiday retail sales to increase 3.6%. They're also estimating non-store retail sales growth between 7% and 10%. At UPS, our peak strategies are focused on executing the four Cs that David mentioned earlier. To begin with, we've deepened the level of collaboration with even more customers. We started earlier, and are communicating more frequently. This better aligns UPS solutions and capacity with their seasonal promotion plans and fulfillment strategies, helping customers shift demand, sell inventory earlier, and optimize their operations. Customer experience continues to gain importance in the marketplace, making collaboration a shared objective for both shippers and UPS. Whether you're in healthcare, retail or any industry, our work together is creating consumer loyalty and a preference for the UPS delivery experience. Looking at our second area of focus, capacity, UPS customers will benefit from several key automation and expansion projects. We've opened new automated facilities and updated existing hubs in the U.S. and Europe in cities such as Chicago, Los Angeles, Paris and London. In the U.S., we are supplementing our capacity with the addition of temporary facilities. These investments in technology and capacity make our integrated network more flexible and efficient. This peak, our partners at Coyote Logistics will be supporting our entire domestic operation, helping UPS solve customer needs during this high demand period. In addition, our driver dispatch will be even more effective. I'm pleased to announce that we've completed Phase 1 of the ORION implementation in the U.S. ahead of schedule. 100% of eligible U.S. drivers will be utilizing this dispatch technology during peak, up from 70% last year. The third focus area is control, both control of deliveries for UPS customers and control of the UPS network. UPS My Choice will provide greater control to 30 million global members, an increase of 10 million from last year. My Choice enables members to exert preferences with their inbound UPS shipment and take action on their packages when desired. They can choose to redirect deliveries to alternate delivery locations, including a UPS Access Point location. In fact this year, we've expanded our reach and will have over 27,000 convenient Access Point locations open around the world, with approximately 8,000 in the U.S. Looking at the UPS network, we are exercising real-time control to ensure our customers can properly respond to peak demand, and one important tool we use is the UPS control tower. This decision-making body enables us to say yes to more customer requests, leveraging the flexibility of our operations to accept volume surges when possible. It also assures that our capacity, value, cost to serve and price are appropriately aligned throughout peak season. The final area of focus for UPS is commitment. The 450,000 UPS employees, together with 95,000 temporary hires, will be working diligently to provide world-class value and service during this upcoming holiday season. Each year, the needs of peak season create special memories for all UPSers. Last year, I had a chance to visit the building I started in 27 years ago. The same energy, determination and customer focus that I was drawn to day one was clear in everyone I met. Spending time making deliveries really reinforced to me how the peak planning and collaboration with customers resonates throughout the entire organization. Thank you for your time today. And I want to assure you that the UPS team is ready to deliver another successful peak season. Now I'll turn it over to Richard.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thanks, Kate. UPS performed as we projected this quarter, with total reported revenue up about 5% and daily shipments up almost 6%. The International segment produced another quarter of double-digit profit expansion. And U.S Domestic delivered results as we had anticipated, while Supply Chain and Freight results were somewhat below expectations. UPS third quarter earnings per share were up about 4%. In 2016, the EPS change across the enterprise was lowered by headwinds in the U.S. Domestic business and approximately $0.02 due to discrete tax credits taken in 2015. This was a good quarter. UPS generated strong topline revenue, great momentum in our International business, and solid results from the other segments. Now for a closer look at how the segments performed. U.S. Domestic revenue increased 4.8%, driven by daily package gains of 5.7%. All products contributed to volume growth, with Deferred Air up more than 10%, Next Day Air up almost 6%, and Ground up 5.2%. Growth was balanced from enterprise and middle-market customers. High demand for online retailers was evident, as B2C deliveries were up 11%. Despite negative industrial production, B2B deliveries were up 2%, with the majority of the increase driven by our ecommerce return portfolio. Base rate improvements were able to somewhat offset lower fuel surcharges and a drag from a change in product mix. As a result, revenue per package was up about 1%. Ecommerce customers are helping drive higher daily shipments across our entire portfolio of services, from high-single-digit growth in Air products to a 20% jump in our most economical product, SurePost. Even with the accelerated growth of ecommerce, our investments in ORION continue to allow UPS to bend the cost curve lower and create positive return. ORION added efficiency again this quarter. Delivery stops and volume were both up 5.7%, yet ORION held package miles to only 1.4% increase. Direct labor hours also grew slower than the average daily volume growth. As we guided, operating profit growth comparisons with 2015 were restrained by one less operating day in 2016 and higher casualty credits realized last year. Excluding these profit headwinds, operating margins expanded as we took advantage of the benefits of our investments. Now for some details on the International segment, where we had another record with double-digit operating profit growth for the seventh consecutive quarter. Profit jumped 14% as shipments climbed 7.5%. Revenue was up more than 3% on a currency neutral basis and fuel surcharge did decline, lowering the growth rate by about 70 basis points. U.S. export packages per day rose over 7%. Growth was well-balanced on solid shipments out of Asia and across Europe. The non-U.S. Domestic product increased 7.8% as we transitioned through pricing action we took in 2015. This quarter, it shows it's about getting the right volume in our network. Our International segment is delivering balanced results with great growth and superior returns. Let's turn and look at the Supply Chain and Freight segment now. The segment produced topline growth of 8.1%, primarily driven by the Coyote acquisition. Economic conditions in the U.S. truckload and LTL market as well as the International Air Freight business continued to place downward pressure on demand. The Forwarding unit remained disciplined on revenue management and cost controls. Gains from the small and medium sized customers reduced the year-over-year shortfall in total tonnage. UPS Freight has been adversely impacted by industry conditions, seeing total tonnage drop. However, they're executing a disciplined middle-market strategy, which has resulted in revenue per hundredweight pricing improvements of 3.7% this quarter. Turning to our distribution group, revenue growth was broad-based with contributions from almost all sectors. The business unit maintained its industry-leading margins in the mid- to upper-single digits. Now to update you on our cash position. UPS again generated healthy free cash flow. Through the first nine months, we've produce $3.6 billion after investing over $1.8 billion in capital expenditures. Please note that we accelerated our planned discretionary pension contribution to September. This allows us to capture additional financial benefits in 2016. UPS also repurchased 19.5 million shares for $2 billion and paid out another $2 billion in dividends, up 7% per share over the last year. As we move into the fourth quarter, we anticipate total operating profit growth to be slightly higher than our full-year guidance of 6% to 8%. Supply Chain and Freight is continuing to manage through industry challenges and is expected to produce modest low-single digit revenue expansion by holding operating margin flat with last year. For the full year, the macro environment is suppressing revenue growth. Therefore, Supply Chain and Freight operating profit is anticipated to be slightly below 2015 levels. We are projecting an effective tax rate for UPS of 35% in the fourth quarter. Due to the unknowns related to the mark-to-markets at year end, we are not able to provide guidance on our GAAP earnings per share. However, we are affirming our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $5.70 to $5.90. In summary, on a year-to-date basis our business is adapting to the opportunities and challenges presented by the high-growth digital economy. We continue to produce the industry's best margins and create great free cash flow. As we look at the fourth quarter, we are confident in our ability to deliver another outstanding peak season for both our customers and our investors. Before we take your questions, I want to take a moment to announce our plans to hold an Investor Conference in early 2017. On February 21 in New York, we'll have a half-day conference. David, along with the senior leaders and myself, will be on hand to lay out our recent progress and update you on our strategy. We'll plan to allow ample time for your questions. Later today, the IR team will send out invitations with further details. Thank you. And now I'll ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now begin the question-and-answer period. Our first question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning and congratulations on the strong volumes and solid results in the quarter. I wanted to ask you about the new plane order. It's an interesting topic, given you haven't ordered planes for quite a while. I wanted to get your thoughts on maybe the implications of that and some of the assumptions you make when you order long lasting, long lived assets like that. So does this imply that you would think that the strong growth in Air volumes would continue? And then if you look out the next five years, is that kind of a reasonable implication? And also in terms of your largest customer who has been adding aircraft, is there an implication that you're not particularly concerned about share with that customer? So just wondered if you could talk about the kind of assumptions underlying that sizable plane order that you announced this morning. Thank you.
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Good morning, Tom. This is Myron. When you look at it on balance, since 2008 the International export volume has grown over 40%. U.S. Domestic has had 20% growth, and our block hours are actually down over 3%. It actually speaks to our abilities to optimize our networks around the world and accommodate the tremendous growth that we've seen. So going with the larger aircraft, which is the Dash 8 really was a smart choice for us. Obviously given the ability to put a larger plane on the lanes that have greater needs allows us to reduce the number of frequencies for those routes. In addition to that, the Dash 8 will give us an ability to cascade capacity throughout our entire network. We plan to deploy these first aircraft into our International segment, and it will allow us to bring back our current 747-400s to the U.S. that will give us capacity throughout the entire system. In addition to that, it's a much smarter choice because it allows us to take the current Dash 4 pilot, who will require a very minimum amount of additional training, who can then fly the Dash 8. So we believe it was a very smart choice for us. And I'll hand it off to Alan, who can talk about growth.
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Hey, Tom. Thanks for the question. As you know, Next Day Air was up 6% this past quarter and deferred was up double-digit. And our Next Day Air growth here in the U.S. has been growing mid-single digit for the last five quarters, and certainly the Second Day Air has grown double-digit this quarter, and last year this same quarter. And you already heard from Myron about the International growth. We've been investing significantly in our Express product in terms of enhancements. As you know, this past quarter we expanded our Express Plus time of day to 53 countries and over the year, we've expanded our Express time of day to 117 countries, and we've also expanded UPS Next Day Air and UPS Next Day Air Early coverage here in the United States and in addition also Worldwide Express Freight. So we're investing significantly in the product both domestically and internationally, and it's resonating with our customers.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: And this is David. Just to wrap that up, in some places or in some cases, you'd be adding aircraft because you're retiring aircraft. This is really about opportunity. This is a testament to what we have done in our International business and in our Domestic business as far as growing our Air business. Our customers are asking us for additional capacity, and that's what this initiative is about. So we're really excited about it. And thank you for the question.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kenneth S. Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. And I'll echo the nice job in scaling with the volumes. Richard, you gave insight and an outlook for the Supply Chain, but I don't  unless I missed it, I don't think you gave it on the Domestic or International outlook. So aside from the peak prep, in your targets, can you talk about your expectations for growth and costs and pricing? And then really I want to focus on the ability to improve margins domestically given the ecommerce growth? Thanks.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. So I think, Ken, when you first look at it, you have to start with where we are year-to-date, and right now our earnings per share are up almost 7%. We expect our fourth quarter operating growth profit to be slightly higher than the overall range we gave the year, which means we expect a very solid great fourth quarter. The investments that we've made across all the segments are bringing in those returns, and we're balancing that against the mix macro environment, as we talked about in Supply Chain and Freight. At the end, when you look at what's happening and where we're going with it, it really is about an International continuing to deliver on what they've really done for seven quarters. And in the Domestic, we will see margin expansion for the year. We have, as I mentioned last quarter, some change because of work days and some year-over-year comp issues in the third quarter, but we expect the whole year that we will see a margin expansion.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: We will take an online question next. This comes from Jack Atkins at Stephens. And Jack really asks, can we speak a little bit more about the long-term capital spending over the next few years, both with the hub automation and the aircraft?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, again, this is Richard. And Jack, I think the first thing you have to remember here is that our capital policy remains consistent and unchanged. Our number one priority for many years has continued to be to reinvest in the business. And you see that in our ROIC (26:39), having the highest return on invested capital is not only good for the enterprise, but it's also good for the shareholders. We continue to see strong returns for all the investments we've made. Over the last few years we've talked about not only what we're doing in the hubs, but also ORION. And again this quarter we continue to see the benefits of almost a 6% volume growth and muted miles growth. And so all that comes to the bottom line. We're always evaluating ways to look at, can we accelerate some of this investment because there's such high return on these investments we are making? I talked about in my talk that we're going to actually bring everyone together in early February to really talk about where the enterprise is going, what great opportunities we have, where we'll see growth come from, and what our plans are for next year. And we think at that time you'll see that the future's very bright. We continue to have year-over-year improvements in margin, and that's our plan going forward as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ben Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey. Good morning. Yeah, I guess, Richard, just to follow up on that point, and not to belabor the CapEx question, understanding that you'll probably provide more context in February. But could you clarify whether these aircraft purchases were included in that 4.5% to 5% of revenue CapEx target that you guys had outlined in 2014? Or is this above and beyond what that initial target had contemplated?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. Ben, when you think about how we look at  how we plan out our multiple years, there's several different realistic scenarios of what could happen. For example, it was a perfect time to bring together both Boeing and UPS, because there was availability, and we continue to see such strong demand in our business that the aircraft timing came a little faster than we thought. However, we're not guiding any different for 2016. It's in the $2.8 billion we've been talking about, because a portion of it is paid this year. And the most important thing to remember here is, we're great stewards of capital. We had not bought a plane in 2013 until today. But since 1989, that was the very first time since we've been an airline that we were able to continue to create efficiencies within our network. So when you take what David had mentioned, a 15% increase in demand, it was time to look at, what is the next thing we needed to do, and at the same time, we continue to have above market growth in these products, and we'll have positive returns. But we will update you further as we bring the entire enterprise story together in the next few months.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Understood. Thanks, Richard.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead. Mr. Vernon, your line is open.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Steven, if you can move to the next caller, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Want just to stick on the topic of the planes for just a moment, and kind of think about how you do the math between new owned aircraft and sort of available belly space. I'm guessing there's parameters of control and service that probably weight a little bit in favor of owned capacity, but just want to get a sense of maybe how you guys think about that. You've done a great job over the years using third-party aircraft. Kind of want to get a sense of what the incremental change is for the owned aircraft going forward.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Sure. When we think about the holistic network, and Myron actually mentioned that there's a cascading effect, we run a very broad network across the entire globe. And we're going to put those planes where the highest demand is. We also use a lot of belly space in different pieces of our enterprise; in Supply Chain and Freight, where we use a combination of brown tails and commercial lift. But the real important thing here is, we tend to look at all the scenarios and determine what's the best economic return. And it goes right back to the return on invested capital, when's the right time to put new assets in, how are we going to fill them, are we already filling them because of our growth rate? And when you have all of that put together, that's why in 2013 we paused, and it made sense, and we could adjust and cascade around our own network, because there was many changing dynamics within the market for over the last three years. But now it's time. And that time is because it will give a very positive return.
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, Chris, this order matches the needs of our networks and gives us greater flexibility moving forward. And when you think of it, this aircraft, the Dash 8, gives you 70,000 pounds more capacity than the 777. It also gives you 16% more capacity than our current aircraft type, which is the Dash 4. It allows you to have 34 containers on the main deck, as well as 14 in the lower compartments, plus space for bulk cargo. So we believe again, as I alluded to earlier, that this is the smart choice for UPS.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Okay. We're going to take a question from the Internet. This is from Helane Becker. And it's talking about questions about Amazon. And when you think about ecommerce going forward, how do you think about competing in a market where Amazon may at some point start to convince shippers to use its Fulfillment by Amazon services? So I'll start with this answer, and then I'll turn it over to Alan Gershenhorn. And of course I'll begin that Amazon's a good customer of ours. We do believe we have a strong, mutually beneficial relationship, and that our integrated network creates efficiencies, and really gives them and our other customers a value proposition that we believe is unmatched. So going back to an earlier question about the aircraft and tying into Amazon, I don't think that we've wrapped up at that point. Amazon and all of our other shippers will get the benefit of this cascading capacity that we're adding with this aircraft. So we think it's very good news for all of our customers. When it comes to the Fulfillment by Amazon, Alan, will you address that please?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, thanks, David. Yeah, as we all know, our customers, and specifically our ecommerce customers, have a number of different channels that they can access in order to market and transport their goods. And there's Fulfillment by Amazon, there are marketplaces out there, and obviously direct from their website. We really support our customers in all three of those areas. And I think, like David said, our ecommerce value proposition is really second to none, and it's convincing both the bricks and clicks type of etailers in the ecommerce pure plays to give more and more of their business to UPS. So we're excited about the overall prospects of ecommerce in the marketplace, and we're making the necessary adjustments to essentially support all the various channels that our customers use to bring their goods to market.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey. Thanks. Morning, guys. So, wanted to just follow up on the U.S. Package margins, or incremental margins. Obviously really good volume growth, but not seeing it kind of leverage to the bottom line. I know you talked about an operating day and one other item, but are there other kind of  is ORION  are we still dealing with implementation costs? Or is there something else here that's restraining the operating leverage? And I guess maybe the question is what can you start to do to see some better incremental margins? And along those lines, is dimensional pricing an option for 2017 like FedEx is doing?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So I think, Scott, the first thing is the way we look at a quarter, we had a good quarter. We're right where we expected to be in the U.S. We did call out last quarter as well as in my talk today, this is a scale business, and there was a change in work days. And that change in work days has a big impact on the quarter just as next quarter, while we called out that we'll actually perform a little better than our range for the year is because there's an extra work day. And then that high casualty credit in 2015 that we called out at that point. And so you remove all that, we actually saw operating margin improvement year over year. And we actually expect the whole year to continue to see that. 2016 really is part of a deliberate strategy. We're seeing the benefits from the investments. We are reinvesting, so were not getting all of the benefits, but we're getting the benefits that we actually have been talking about. And we said it would be a multiyear process. But we're delivering on those targets. We expect to continue to see that steady progress year over year, and that's why I mentioned earlier that we will see margin expansion in the U.S. for all of 2016 as well. I'm going to turn it over to Myron to talk a little bit about the actual operations and what he's seen.
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So in addition to Richard's comments, you heard Kate allude to the fact that we had 100% completion of the deployment of ORION in September, and we're very happy with the results that we're seeing. And actually, we're in the early stages of deploying additional automation projects that should bring more profit to the bottom line. We've actually already begun the Phase 2 deployment of ORION. It'll impact another 1,300 drivers who were in extended centers that didn't have the package flow technology deploys in those sites. And we expect to finish that mid-year next year. In addition to that, our automation strategy is well underway, and we're happy with the result that we're seeing. We're seeing 25% improvement in productivity. As a matter fact, we've announced 12 new automated facility deployments this year as well as four here just in the third quarter. So we're well on our way to implementing that long-term strategy and are seeing the results.
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Hey, this is Alan. Just a final follow-up there on the dim weight part of that question. First, we don't comment on competitors' pricing actions. And as you know, we review our pricing on a regular basis, including the base rates and the assessorials. We are achieving our strategies of base rate increases between 2% and 3%. We're at the higher end of that. Also we announced our GRI in September. We also announced that any additional rate changes including the retail rate posting in our SurePost rates will be posted on November 18 of this year. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I'll stay on U.S. Domestic Package, and specifically, in B2B, kind of a two-part question. It sounds like B2B grew and you cited in the press release the online retail returns. So the first part is could you give us an idea of how strong that's trending and just thoughts on maybe the seasonality around the holidays and impact in the fourth quarter versus the first quarter? And then also, just the B2B part that isn't pertaining to that, what type of a business environment are you seeing? And where's the momentum there? Thank you.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Alan, why don't we start with you about B2B and then maybe Kate, talk a little bit about the seasonal trends you're seeing.
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, so as we said, our B2B is up about 2%. It's best growth we've had there in five quarters. As you know, the B2C is very strong at double-digit. Specific to your question, on the returns, returns growth in ecommerce is also very strong. It's growing in the mid-teens. Again, you got to keep in mind that returns is a small part of our B2B market, but it's a large part of the growth that we're seeing today. As concerns the remainder of the B2B market, we're still seeing the softness in industrial production out there. We are seeing B2B growth across many of our segments, although it's relatively muted. Do you want to talk a little bit, Kate, about the peak season?
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Alan. This is Kate. And as Alan mentioned, strong B2B growth despite the downward pressure of industrial production. And we expect that to continue through peak season. I do want to emphasize the UPS Access Points turning commercial  or I'm sorry, residential business into commercial business. And with 25,000 locations worldwide, 8,000 of which in the U.S., we're really seeing this solution resonate with our customers and also the convenience for consumers so that they can go to their local shop and pick up their packages. So that will help to fortify that continued B2B growth. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for coming back to me. Apologies for the connection problem before. Richard, maybe could you talk a little bit about International and the underlining performance there? Obviously you're still getting some of that currency benefit. I'm just trying to make sure that the business ex the hedge gain is still chunking along. And if you could give us some commentary on how that growth outlook looks for the fourth quarter, that'd be helpful? Thanks.
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Great. So I'm actually going to start and then turn it over to Jim to talk a little about the underlying business. But we did have another great quarter, seventh quarter in a row, but the International operating margin was pushed a little higher because of the multi-year hedge strategy that we employed, we have been employed for many years. We've been talking about that all year. And one of the challenges of course is the volatility of the euro and the sterling is at historical rates and it's brought it down. So we expect 2017 to have a transition where we'll see just over $300 million impact to the growth and the profit. That being said, when you step back for a moment, we continue to see the operating margin expand, even adjusting for the hedge. We're talking about operating margins between 16% and 17%, which is industry leading for an international business. It's broad based. It's because of the revenue growth, getting the right volume in our network and managing our cost efficiently. And so when we think about the fourth quarter, we expect that they'll continue to stay at the high end of their range and I'm going to ask Jim to talk a little about specifically the business.
James Jay Barber, Jr. - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, David, on the point about, I guess, chunking along and moving forward, I think what you're seeing right now in International is the output of a couple years of investments in the network and work and strategies across the globe. We mentioned, David did in the beginning, that a couple of pockets across the world from Asia-Pacific, Asia-Pacific and specifically China and Hong Kong for us right now are growing at rates we've never seen before but more importantly it's coming from our middle markets there. Historically, we've had big enterprise growth as supply chains expanded across the world, but we're really becoming more local in a lot of these markets or some of those bigger markets like China, we're seeing middle-market growth rates at 20% and 30% year-over-year. So that's great for us. Europe continues to speed itself up. Again, in some of the opening comments, we've taken a look at the network and continued to speed it up, and obviously we have. We're up to about 80% of the cities in Europe we can reach by two days in the ground network there, and we'll continue to invest there. So all in all, we think the fourth quarter will be great and we'll continue on absent the currency headwinds that Richard has mentioned to continue the growth in the International segment.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So the macro environment in Europe is still kind of holding together and you're not seeing anything big negative implications from Brexit or anything like that?
James Jay Barber, Jr. - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Well, I mean I think Brexit is one of those issues and I think the whole European economy is probably wider than just Brexit, no question. But we continue to see growth in that market as we have for many years.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks very much for the time.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning. Wanted to talk a little bit about just kind of what some of your ecommerce customers are doing in terms of strategy where certainly today they're competing in terms of the two-day shipping against Amazon and hence the need to probably add some of that air capacity. But we also talk about moving a lot of goods closer to the customer and one of the reasons why you're doing the automation in terms of the regional sort facilities. Just wondering if you could talk about those trends a little bit in terms of the long-term strategy of where you need to put that capacity in order to meet those shifting needs.
Kathleen M. Gutmann - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, thank you. This is Kate, and we have the deep collaboration with our customers, as you can imagine, and we help them through changes in the marketplace. So specifically to B2C and getting closer to their customers, we have a full portfolio of omni-channel solutions and I will say it's not just resonating with retailers but more and more we're seeing this translate throughout other industries such as healthcare and even high-tech for sure and industrial manufacturing. But it's enabling any of their locations and turning those into direct shipping points would be the focus of a lot of the solutions, and they're not just physical. They're also information based and we find that it helps them to capture their share of the growth in the market. Thanks for the question.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So our next question we will take another online question, and we've got multiple questions on this topic. The question is how do we think about automation affecting our business model both from a drones, a platooning and an automated vehicle standpoint moving forward?
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Thank you. This is Myron. I'll start with automation first. We are continuing to make good progress with our long-term initiatives to add more capacity, offer greater efficiency in our integrated network by introducing automation throughout our top tier 30 (46:21) hubs across the U.S. where we process as much as 60% through those locations. I mentioned earlier that we'd announced 12 automated facilities this year including four this quarter. We're on pace and we're making great progress. Those include retrofitting, expansion and in some cases new facilities. And again, we're getting as much as 25% production improvements in those locations. This, of course, allows us to have additional flexibilities and reduce handles in the network. When it comes to the use of drones as well as vehicles that allow us to have autonomous trucks on the road, we have experimented with drones with a number of vendors. You should've seen an announcement where we launched our first try in the Northeast earlier this year. It was very successful, as well as our use in delivering medications in Africa. So we'll continue to experiment until we get the ability to use it. As it pertains to vehicles, we're continuing to work with a number of vendors to explore what works best for us. We have what we term as a rolling laboratory. We have over 6,500 vehicles in the U.S. right now that are considered CNG, LNG, and the sort. Of course, all of this will require the approval from the National Highway and Traffic Association. So when it becomes available to us, we certainly expect to be ready.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Steven, let me just remind the callers asking live questions to make sure that they only ask one question, so that we can get through the remainder of the calls for the time remaining.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone. And I'll be sure to keep it to one. So, as I look at your Domestic profitability the past six years, your margins have been around the low 13%s to mid 13%s. And we know that we've seen a lot more B2C growth in that same time period. So, as we look forward, I think everyone's expecting ecommerce to continue to outperform. Is there a change in that dynamic where we can actually start to get stop density? (48:40) Or has competitive factors like the post office, and maybe even Amazon doing more on their own, just impacted the ability for you guys to take higher margins?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, Brandon, I guess I would start with saying, all of it. When you think about what's happening with density, Kate talked about the Access Points and taking what was a B2C to B2R, and that's helping on density. And we are seeing an improvement on B2C density that we hadn't seen in many, many years. On top of that, we continue to invest in the automation, both at the hubs, ORION that Myron talked about, and all of that really is about improving the margin. We talked about, in our Investor Conference a few years ago and throughout each year, that we're investing, and year over year we're having to reinvest to get to the endpoint. And all of that together, along with things like SurePost Redirect, and the ability to take almost a third of the volume that's destined to be delivered by the post office and we put it in our system, because we're already going to those stops. Those are all key components of how we're going to continue to improve the margin. And really it's a long-term story that we're talking about. Earlier I actually mentioned, and perhaps I said the wrong year, that we do expect margin expansion for the entire year of 2016. And that's why we guided the way we did for the fourth quarter. Expect a little bit better performance in the fourth quarter, and we'll have three of the four quarters in 2016 with margin expansion, that all adds to margin expansion for the year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Danny C. Schuster - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning. This is Danny Schuster on for Allison. Just wanted to ask a little bit more about SurePost. I know you saw some nice volume growth in that segment, up 20% year over year. Just wondering what the progress is on SurePost Redirect, and whether you see that improving density, as well as potential density improvements coming from increased returns to the B2B segment? Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah. This is Alan. Thanks for the question. Yeah, so the SurePost Redirect program continues to work. As Rich just stated, when we redirect, we've already got a package going to that particular consumer. So it's very, very accretive to us to reroute that package back through the UPS network and avoid having to pay any postal fees at that particular point, and we're up around 30%. We're continuing to investigate new and better ways to improve that. And then we've also got other methodologies, like UPS Access Point that Kate mentioned, to build density, as well as our synchronized delivery solution. So it's all really about bending the cost curve and increasing the density on our B2C shipments.
Danny C. Schuster - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Wanted to talk a little bit about the ecommerce portfolio you mentioned, or the return portfolio that you said is growing mid-teens. What percent of your shipments today are returns? And is that a better yield than average on the shipment? Or how would you characterize that, in terms of attractiveness relative to the average box?
Alan Gershenhorn - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, so when you look at the ecommerce market, it could be one in five or one out of every six packages that are shipped to a consumer get returned. So the growth in that particular market tracks very closely to the growth in ecommerce on that one to five, one to six ratio. Those packages are highly profitable. First of all, many of those packages get dropped off and don't have to be picked up because the consumer finds it more convenient to drop them off at UPS stores or UPS Access Points or hand them to a UPS driver. So there's very little cost when it comes to pick-up. And then obviously, the deliveries are going back to businesses, and we could be delivering tens or hundreds of packages back to these businesses. So it's a highly profitable B2B delivery with very little pick-up cost.
Scott Childress - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So we're going to take another online question. This question comes from Scott Group, and Scott just asked  noticing the new language that we have regarding the mark to market pension accounting outlook, and would like to know, can we give a little preliminary outlook for what the pension expense is for 2017?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: So, I think the first thing everyone should understand is, the language change was really meant to ensure that we're following a new report that was published by the SEC around interpretive guidance around both the GAAP, non-GAAP and ensuring that we had equal prominence. And the way the rules work is, you have to have certain information you need to convey around the GAAP side. It really is too early, and that's why there wasn't anything in the report about what we thought the mark to market would be because there's so many things that aren't even finished yet for us to know where we would be. For example, return on assets and discount rate. And if you go back last year this time and where we are today and where we ended the year, the discount rates changed a lot. And of course last year, the market changed the other direction, unfortunately. So there are so many unknowns right now that it's really impossible to sit here and say, this is what we think it's going to be. That all beings that, what we were doing with  and what we put in the press release was if you look at the underlying core business, we're confirming that our adjusted earnings per share guidance is right in where we expected it to be, and that's because the investments that we put in the last few years are creating the returns. And that's why we're going to see the margin expansion, and that's why we've guided the way we have.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Oh. Thanks, operator. Thanks for squeezing me in, guys. There's been a lot of talk about wage rates going up on part-time workers and warehouse workers and the fact that it's harder and harder to find them. And I know that at UPS you guys have a lot of people come back every year for the peak, and they're happy to do that. But what about longer term as you think about hiring out those 95,000 people? Can you just address how that affects your thought process after the peak?
Myron A. Gray - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yeah, Helane, this is Myron. We're actually on plan for peak season hiring to date. 37% of our peak hires since 2014 have actually become permanent hires. I'm happy to tell you that I was actually a peak hire from 1978. So we think the best value proposition is the ability to attract and retain people who are looking for long term opportunities for growth at UPS who began with us as peak hires. There are some selected locations where we will use bonuses to attract employees, but overall we don't think there'll be any issues. Thank you.
Operator: And due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah, thanks for squeezing me in here. So 2016 has been a year where really impressive profit growth in your International business led the overall franchise. And you talked a little bit and gave us an update on 2017's FX headwinds. And with that potentially walking back over a year of growth in the International segment, do you think the other two segments can pick up that slack by delivering the high-single digit and low-double digit profit growth that you put out in your long-term targets?
Richard N. Peretz - United Parcel Service, Inc.: This is Richard. And I think the important thing to remember on all three of our business segments is we are working a five-year plan with each year getting and making progress on our ultimate goals. So the answer is it's a little too early to talk about 2017, and we actually talked about that we're going to bring everyone together in February to really give you a full picture of the enterprise strategy, where we're headed, where we have great opportunities and where growth is coming from. And I think that that will help you to see why we are so optimistic about the future. But at the same time, all three segments are part of the five-year plan. When we created the plan, we saw that the euro was already starting to fall, not quite as much, but we actually came back and talked about that. So we'll update you, but it was all part, and each segment is part of that plan overall.
Operator: I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David Abney. Please go ahead, sir.
David P. Abney - United Parcel Service, Inc.: Yes. I'd like to just make some closing comments. And one of the words that you've heard a little bit today is commitment, and I just want to use that for the next few minutes and just talk about how we're committed to our business. Obviously, we're committed to achieving our EPS guidance that we gave just about a year ago, and we have affirmed that for the fourth quarter and feel real good about that. We're committed to delivering another successful peak season. You heard from Myron, you heard from Kate, and we've been working the last 10 months here, and through this collaboration and cooperation with our customers, we have a good peak season set up for us. We're committed through our strategic initiatives and our investments to continue to build the long-term future of UPS. This aircraft addition and the longer-term initiative, but also what we're doing internationally in Europe with the $2 billion worth of CapEx that we're spending, we're getting a lot of returns in that. And we're going to continue to focus on those growth markets. And then of course we're committed to our shareholders, our customers and our employees. So we've had a good year so far. We have good momentum going into the fourth quarter, and we look forward to having a very successful fourth quarter. Thank you very much for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our call. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott Childress - IR David Abney - Chairman & CEO Richard Peretz - CFO Jim Barber - President, UPS International Myron Gray - President, U.S. Operations Alan Gershenhorn - EVP & CCO
Analysts: Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup David Vernon - Sanford Bernstein Tom Wadewitz - UBS Scott Group - Wolfe Research Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird Allison Landry - Creduit Suisse David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus Jack Atkins - Stephens Inc. Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital Securities Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen and I will be a conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Scott Childress: Good morning and welcome to the UPS second quarter 2016 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with the International President Jim Barber, President of U.S. Operations Myron Gray and Chief Commercial Officer Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we will make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of our Company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which are described in detail in our 2015 Form 10-K. This report is available on the UPS investor relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The webcast of today's call along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on the UPS investor relations website. Webcast users can submit live questions during today's call. We will attempt to answer questions of a long term strategic nature. Callers are asked to submit only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thanks for your cooperation. Now I will turn the call over to David.
David Abney: Thanks, Scott and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to report another quarter of strong financial results that demonstrate the power of UPS' diversified business model. Again this quarter the International segment led the way. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit operating profit growth. The U.S. Domestic business is growing operating profit on higher B2C demand. Supply Chain & Freight continued to execute in a challenging macroenvironment. Turning to the economy, the consumer market in the U.S. remains healthy and e-commerce forecasts have been elevated for 2016. And we're seeing that growth. On the other hand, our B2B volume is affected by the continuing weakness in industrial production. In fact, global GDP and industrial production growth forecast have been downgraded slightly. Delayed inventory drawdowns and soft export demand likely will remain headwinds in the latter part of 2016. Additionally, we're mindful of the current political commentary on trade. Increased trade not only bolsters business but also produces jobs here in the U.S. and abroad. Historically, following ratification of trade deals we have seen about a 20% increase in U.S. exports to the countries involved. UPS is a steadfast proponent of trade and supports agreements that minimize friction in the global supply chain. Trade legislation to accelerate economic expansion like the Trans-Pacific Partnership is vital to the health of the U.S. economy. We encourage our political leaders to support and pass pending trade legislation. Turning to our business, the strategic initiatives implemented over the last two years are ensuring we remain on track to achieve our long term financial goals. We continue investing in four priority areas. We're adding network capacity, achieving greater efficiency through technology, deploying industry-specific solutions and expanding in high-growth markets. In Europe we have completed about one-fourth of the projects associated with our $2 million capital investment plan. During the second quarter we announced new automated facilities in Belgium and France. In addition, we began an extensive program that would dramatically improve time-in-transit in our intra-Europe ground network with some trade lanes improving by as much as two business days. The majority of the benefits of these investments are still ahead of us and will guarantee our position as a market leader in Europe for many years to come. We're also investing heavily in our U.S. operations and in a few minutes Richard will update you on our technology and capacity projects. A pillar of our strategy in the U.S. is deploying industry-leading e-commerce capabilities that help online retailers take advantage of consumer trends. We recently released the fifth annual U.S. Pulse of the Online Shopper study that highlights some of these changing trends. This year's survey revealed that most shoppers prefer home delivery while also expressing an interest in an alternative delivery location. To provide more delivery options, UPS is expanding our Access Point locker program in several major U.S. markets. These automated pickup locations augment our more than 8,000 existing U.S. retail locations in the more than 25,000 Access Points worldwide. We're providing more convenient alternatives for urban online shoppers. New technology features were also introduced for the 24 million My Choice users in the U.S. For example, members can now use the Follow My Delivery feature to track their package using real-time maps. These new capabilities are unique solutions to create value for our customers and further differentiate their online offering. Our investments are broad-based and targeted for the needs of customers in multiple industries. This quarter we announced a specialized set of global services for healthcare companies performing clinical trials and in Europe we expanded our field stocking locations for medical device distributors. UPS healthcare customers are gaining additional alternatives for shipping their sensitive materials globally with the assurance of our guaranteed services. UPS also launched a market-leading partnership with SAP and Fast Radius to support end-to-end 3D printing solutions. This capability is linked to more than 60 UPS Store locations and the urgent delivery capabilities of the UPS network. This partnership is enabling UPS to expand into an adjacent market with great growth potential. We entered another adjacent industry in 2015 with the acquisition of asset-light, truckload brokerage services of Coyote Logistics. The combination of Coyote's capabilities and the UPS integrated network is providing customers with unmatched flexibility. Next month will mark the one-year anniversary of the acquisition. The synergies in procurement, asset utilization and cross-selling remain on track to achieve our 2017 targets. In fact, cross-selling has already produced several great wins.  Before I turn it over to Richard I want to take a moment to recognize a milestone we will achieve in August. UPS marks our 40th year in Germany and our entrance into Europe. Over that time our business has matured rapidly and the European operations have become a cornerstone for our integrated network. Today we operate in every European country generating more than $6 billion in annual revenue using our best-in-class pan-European network. The expansion in Europe and the growth of our business around the world are made possible through the hard work and dedication of UPSers. As our strong momentum carries into the second half of the year I want to thank all of our employees around the globe for helping make and maintain UPS as the market leader. Now Richard will review the financial highlights.
Richard Peretz: Thanks, David. The second quarter operating results demonstrate the value of our flexible business model as we had another solid quarter. Additionally, we're seeing high-growth in the e-commerce and healthcare sectors while the LTL and forwarding markets remain challenged. Even with these dynamics currency-neutral revenue growth increased 4% while fuel surcharges were a drag of around 120 basis points. Second quarter earnings per share were in line with expectations. Our performance reflected the gains from our investment strategies despite the mixed macroenvironment. The International segment outperformed while U.S. Domestic was on target. And finally, Supply Chain & Freight was slightly below expectations. Now for some details by segment, U.S. Domestic revenue increased 2.4% as lower fuel surcharges reduced total revenue growth by about 100 basis points. Average daily volume increased 2.5% led by Next Day Air products which were up about 6%. The Next Day Air gains were produced by customers of all sizes. Demand was consumer-based as more online retailers are providing faster delivery options to stay competitive. During the quarter Ground products increased 2.4% over last year as B2C expansion outpaced B2B by more than 5 to 1. Base rates accelerated slightly from last quarter. Lower fuel surcharges reduced yield growth by about 100 basis points. The higher base rates were able to compensate for some of the changes in product and customer mix. Operating profit increased about 3% and operating margin expanded to 13.7%. Enhanced productivity and lower fuel cost resulted in operating cost per piece declining 2/10 of a percent. Once again we're seeing good improvements in our daily operating statistics. Despite the fact that delivery stops were up over 3% ORION lowered driver Miles by 3/10 of a percent. In addition, overall productivity gains continued as direct labor hours grew less than the volume. Our investment in ORION is bending the cost curve. And we remain on track to complete Phase 1 implementation later in 2016. We're continuing our multiyear investment strategy in hub automation in the U.S. operations. So far in 2016 we have announced new projects in California, Colorado, Illinois and Texas. These facilities are adding increased capacity and improved productivity. Now turning to the International segment which had another remarkable quarter with operating profit expanding more than 11%, on a two-year stacked basis operating profit is up more than 30%. Export daily volume increased almost 4% as improvements in all international regions offset slower U.S. exports. Europe led the way with significant gains in cross-border products and export growth to all regions of the world. In fact, the Europe to U.S. Lane grew at double-digit pace this quarter. Cycling out of the revenue management initiatives that we started in the last half of 2015 we have seen good non-U.S. domestic daily shipment growth which is up 4.5% while at the same time currency-neutral revenue per piece increased 1%. We saw higher base rates. However, they were offset by changes in product and trade lane mix. Currency-neutral revenue for the segment increased 1.5%. The lower fuel surcharge did impact revenue growth by about 170 basis points. The cost and productivity improvements held operating down during the quarter. As a result, operating margin expanded to 19.9%. The International segment had a record second quarter with its highest second quarter delivery volume, operating profit and one of the best margins ever. Now let's turn and look at Supply Chain & Freight. Total revenue increased more than 13% due to the addition of Coyote Logistics. The new truckload brokerage revenue offset tonnage shortfalls in international forwarding and the U.S. LTL business. Freight Forwarding revenue and operating profits declined as we wrapped last year's rate actions. Cargo capacity continues to outpace demand, contributing to the weak market conditions I mentioned earlier. Expansion of the buy-sell rate and cost-containment efforts led to the operating margin expansion. The unit remains focused on growing the more profitable middle market. In the Distribution unit we experienced strong revenue growth in the healthcare, aerospace and automotive sectors this quarter. In fact, this quarter healthcare became the top revenue sector within the contract logistics business. Distribution operating profit jumped more than 10% and the margin expanded. The UPS Freight business remains disciplined on pricing with revenue per hundredweight up 3%. The unit's execution of revenue quality initiatives is driving higher shipment yields. Total tonnage was lower by about 10% due in part to the weak LTL market conditions. Now to update you on our cash position, for the six months ended June 30, UPS generated $3.7 billion of free cash flow, a 13% increase over last year. And this was after spending $1 billion on CapEx. The Company paid just over $1.3 billion in dividends, an increase of almost 7%. In addition, we purchased over 13 million shares for more than $1.3 billion. Combined we're on schedule to meet our return to shareholders goals we set for the year. Looking at the rest of the year, our strong International performance and the return on investments we're making in our network give us confidence in our ability to achieve our full-year earnings guidance of $5.70 to $5.90 per share. As I discussed in February, we expect 2016 operating profit by quarter to follow the same pattern as it did in 2015. We still expect the fourth quarter operating profit growth to be above our annual guidance, somewhere between 9% and 11%. The additional workday between Thanksgiving and Christmas, the continued strength in e-commerce and our strategic investments position us well for another solid fourth quarter. Looking at the segments, in the U.S. Domestic we expect strong fourth quarter results. However, we will face tough comparisons in the third as a result of one less operating day and lower Worker's Compensation cost last year. Therefore, we anticipate third quarter operating profit to be relatively flat year over year. For the International segment we expect to continue into the second half of the year the progress we have made with operating profit growth in the 8% to 12% range. The Supply Chain & Freight segment is where we anticipate the current market trends in International Air Freight and the U.S. trucking markets to remain soft. In addition, lower fuel surcharges will weigh on reported revenue growth. Therefore, total annual revenue growth for the segment should be around 10%. Now let's look at taxes. The faster growth of our profits from the International segment means that we will have a slightly lower tax rate in 2016. In summary, UPS' financial performance this year clearly demonstrates the value of our diverse business. We're embracing the opportunities created by the evolution of the global e-commerce marketplace as it expands beyond the traditional retail base. We continue investing in strategic technologies, systems and expanded capacity and by our execution we're strengthening our leadership position. At the halfway point of the year our business is responding well to the changing macroenvironment and we're confident about the remainder of 2016. Thanks for your attention today. Now I will ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter, Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: I just want to follow-up. Richard, thanks for the overview on the International side there. And the strength you are talking about continuing it. Maybe some of the advances you've made, you talked about advancing two days on some of the service deliveries. What is accelerating that pace and how are you achieving that operating margin gains?
Jim Barber: We've talked over the years about the network in Europe. David referenced it in his opening comments. I think the key to our success in Europe has been and will continue to be making sure the network and the service and product offerings are best-in-class. And so that means always maintaining the network, putting the speed in and making sure that the customers feel the benefit of that. And as you've seen over the years they have said that. Obviously the marketplace is changing in Europe. We know that as well, so it forces us to continue to relook and reevaluate everything we do. The margins, they've always been strong. I think I will flip it to Richard to talk a little bit about the margins, as well.
Richard Peretz: I do want to point out that the margin of 19.9% is very strong and it does include that multiyear hedge that we've talked about on the call the last few quarters. So I want to remind you that even adjusting for that we're still over a 17.5% margin which is the highest of any player in the industry. And along that route if you recall the currency we've been using a multiyear hedge strategy and what happened is in 2015 you saw a lot of volatility and the euro go to the dollar from $1.35 down to $1.11. So 2017 will be a transition year where we expect to have somewhere around $300 million impact for the change in the currency. We have moved to a different hedge strategy because of the volatility has increased so much on currency where we're using more of a rolling average so that year over year going forward will not see these dips if you see a lot of volatility in currency. But overall that 17.5% is really a result of all the efforts of Jim and his folks really putting together and making adjustments in the network and at the same time the quality of revenue that we're bringing in.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: I wanted to ask about some of the comments around the third quarter Domestic side relative to the fourth quarter. So I'm guessing there's probably some level of investment that needs to happen in advance of TPP that you guys really start to shore up and get ready for that surge again. Just thinking about it on a European basis I guess I just want to make sure I understand the comment around the tougher comps from the third quarter Domestic side. Are there specific cost items that we might expect this year that we didn't have last year? I just want to make sure I understand that cadence of Domestic in 3Q and 4Q. Thank you.
Richard Peretz: I think the first thing to keep in mind here is that we continue to see margin expansion. Because of operating days, how holidays fall, things like that, it's not a linear movement of the expansion of the margin but over the year to year we have kind of guided that we continue to see improvement and expect to see improvement going forward, as well. When you look at the third quarter specifically, there is one less workday and that does have an impact, as well as last year we had some Worker's Comp. credits that won't repeat this coming year. So when you take all of that into account you have to look at and we did at the beginning of year understanding how the quarters would look and what we saw is that we need to make sure that you guys had some transparency to understand that workday shifts some of the profit around. And if you look at this quarter this quarter we had a good improvement and that improvement was really driven by the operational improvements. Even though we saw so much volatility in fuel this year in the second quarter, we actually saw a 25% increase in fuel from April to June. So we were chasing the revenue. But when you step back and look at what we expect for the fourth quarter we're going to have a strong fourth quarter. We're putting our plans in place and we look forward to completing 2016 very much like we told you we would at the beginning of the year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon, Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Maybe just following up on Domestic, Richard, I guess the step below trend long term guidance growth in that Domestic segment obviously going down this quarter to 3% and then an expectation for flat in 3Q. Maybe as you think over the course of the next sort of one, two, three years and that rate of margin change how should we be expecting that to happen to get to that longer term 15%? And what do you think is going to be different about next year and the year after that will let you get back to that kind of 8% growth that you guys have put out for a long term target in Domestic?
Richard Peretz: So, first, if we step back if you recall when we guided this year and what we've seen through the year is we have seen some softness in the macro measures. Everything has kind of come down each quarter of this year and so we take that into account, obviously, with how we think about this year. The good part about this year is even with that softness we're putting initiatives and investments in that are bringing returns. And that's why we're able to leave our guidance right where we expected to be at the first part of the year. That being said, we're in a multiyear process of investments both in the ORION that David talked about in his talk as well as the hub automation and how that will continue. So all of those things are about putting together the multiyear process of where we're going to improve the margin that we laid out really at the end of 2014. We're putting those investments in. Those investments are paying the return we expected. And we just expect as we get more of that integrated into our network we will continue to see the benefits of that. So we feel very comfortable where we're at. We know we're on a roadmap for the next few years and we're following that roadmap.
David Vernon: All right. Thank you very much for the extra color on that. Thanks.
David Abney: Okay, this is David and we're going to take an online question. This one is from Nate Brochmann. And as a large e-commerce shipper takes over more of its own delivery within the denser cities, does that change the density equation at all and the need to retrofit all of the regional sort facilities and how is that project progressing and what have you learned thus far in terms of benefits heading into another peak? So Nate got his bang for his buck in that question. And I will start and address the first part of it, then I'm going to turn it over to Myron to talk a little bit about the retrofit and peak. And it's not unusual for any of our large shippers to make decisions whether they are going to outsource or in-source different parts of their business. Our focus is our diverse customer base, just makes it so difficult for any one company to be able to match our density no matter their size. So with our integrated network that creates efficiencies, we're constantly increasing our value proposition. So we always believe that even our large customers would have more density with us than going in another direction. So we feel very confident in our strategy from that regard. Why don't you talk about the retrofit and peak preparation, Myron?
Myron Gray: So Nate, the process itself is going well and we continue to realize 20% to 25% productivity improvements as we go along. Keep in mind this is a multiyear, multiphase implementation. And you've heard about some of the cities that we introduced earlier in Richard's comments. Our goal is to automate the top Tier 1 hubs and there is approximately 30 of them in the U.S. That process is as much as 60% of our volume. Three of those automated hubs are in our air operation and the remainder will be in the ground. All new hubs moving forward will be built using an automated design and the second phase of it will be to go to the Tier 2 hubs and automate them, as well. So we feel very good about the progress that's being made and we're on plan and a go-list to get it completed no later than 2020.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz, UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: I wanted to ask a bit in specific about ORION. I know Richard you offered some comments on high-level multiyear productivity and so forth. But is 2017 or are you starting to see this year where there is the reduction in the rollout costs and really getting some of the cost savings coming in in a bigger way? Are you starting to see that or is that something which would be maybe a bigger support for Domestic margin performance in 2017? And then you've mentioned a Phase 2, I don't know if you want to comment on that, I know that's a couple of questions. Maybe just some perspective, a little more detail on ORION. Thank you.
Richard Peretz: Sure, Tom. What I will do is I will start off and then I will hand it off to Myron to talk specifically about the benefits he's seen. But when you think about the investment and when we've been on the road talking about ORION we have talked about that later this year we will complete, call it, the first phase of ORION. And then we're investing the dollars in, call it, Phases 2 and 3 and 4. But on top of that it's not just the investment in ORION, it is also the investment in hub automation and what that does to the network. So we're using those investment dollars and the additional expense that we were using to train up for ORION in other ways so that we get the end result. And that's kind of what we talked about at the end of 2014 and we continue to talk about each year. We're investing in our network and it's pulling through when you see the reduction in miles and things like that. But the next phase is additional capabilities that will save money and then additional features by having the hub mod and then there are some other things that we're working on, as well, that is just a little too early to go into. With that I'm going to send it to Myron to talk just a little bit about what he's seen operationally with the results of ORION.
Myron Gray: Tom, let me start with we expect to be 100% fully deployed by the end of 2016 with ORION. And we will continue to see the benefits that we've alluded to earlier, more than eight miles per driver in savings. For example, this quarter we saw our delivery stops growing more than 3% on 2.5% average daily volume gains. However, we were able to reduce our miles driven by 3/10 of a percent which helped keep our costs per piece down by 2/10 of a percent. So as the volume continues to grow our wages are growing at a lesser pace than the volume. So we're continuing to see benefits and that's Phase 1. Phase 2 will actually begin in the back half of this year, well into 2017 and we hope to have the Phase 2 completed by 2017 when we hope to see additional benefits from ORION. And, again, that's just one of many technology projects that we will continue to roll out that should help us continue to bend the cost curve, so we're real pleased with what we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group, Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Actually I just want to follow-up on the ORION question. So I understand the savings this year but there's probably some implementation cost. Can you quantify what the implementation costs are this year and if ORION has been a net positive or tailwind to earnings this year? And do you think that next year, how do you think about next year given the savings from Phase 1 but maybe the cost from Phase 2, any color there would be helpful.
Richard Peretz: And we're seeing the savings and if you just step back for a moment and look, year over year we continue to see the margin expansion. The margin expansion is a direct result of all the things Myron just talked about. We will continue to see those improvements. And it is a net positive but we also are spending some of the savings in order to invest in the next phase and the next capability. Those are all important pieces. And that's why my comment a few minutes ago about the margin will improve year over year, it won't always be linear by quarter. And so that's an important part because we're investing for new capabilities and to continue to bend the cost curve because of the investments we're making and the plans we have for the next few years.
David Abney: This is David. I just want to stress that ORION is one of these things that it's the gift that keeps on giving. So what we have seen with ORION is we're seeing benefits that are greater than what we originally believed and that continues to reinforce itself every year. We have a lot more we're going to accomplish through ORION with the later versions and taking it to various countries. So we're very positive about ORION of the returns that we're getting and investments that we're making are certainly worth it. All right, next question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski, Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: As we look out, can you talk about where the pricing is falling in the U.S. Domestic market and why with this tremendous growth in B2C that we're not seeing a little bit more traction on yields which I think could also talk or this discussion on Domestic margins? Because obviously we've talked a lot about cost, but what are we doing on the revenue side and is there ability to take more price?
Alan Gershenhorn: So for the quarter we achieved our 2% to 3% range in our base pricing and the core pricing actually remains firm. We actually saw a bit of an acceleration from the first quarter. Keep in mind that some of the other phenomena we're seeing out there is the offset of about 100 basis points due to lower fuel surcharges and we're continuing to see changes in the customers and product mix and specifically the package characteristics as we bring more lightweight into the business. The other thing I would say is that we saw even with some of those package characteristics and customer product mix challenges we did see margin improvement overall in the U.S. Domestic business. So we think the base rate improvements remains steady and they will continue to remain that way and core pricing right now is firm. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger, Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Just curious, here at the midpoint of the year, obviously reiterating the guidance range I'm curious looking out over the second half what do you view as the swing factors that would put you toward the high end or the low end of the range? Thanks.
Richard Peretz: This is Richard. I think when you start and you look at where we're at year to date first of all on earnings per share we're at about 8.5% growth in earnings per share on a target of 5% to 9%. So we're pleased with where we're for the first half of the year. We're actually right in line with where we expect it to be. But when we look at guidance there is really two factors we're looking at. The first is the external and what's happening on the external measures. Because our volume does have some correlation, especially when you get to B2B, to what's happening with both domestic GDP, things like industrial production and things like that. And they all have softened somewhat from first quarter to second quarter. The other side of it, of course, is what's happening internally, the things Myron has talked about in his operation and those improvements that we're seeing. So we put all that together and we say do we have economic assumptions are realistic and how are we benefiting from the initiatives that we have implemented. So we think we balance all that. And that is what we're seeing in 2016, we're seeing a nice balance where we're making up for some softness externally with what we're doing internally. And that's allowed us to grow our earnings per share for six quarters in a row and we will continue to work those plans for guidance going forward.
David Abney: So just to add to Richard's answer, it's our investments and strategies that have allowed us to offset some of this economic shifts that we've seen in the last year and a half. And we feel very comfortable about our strategic initiatives. We're extremely focused on them and it's allowing us to overcome some of those headwinds. We'll take the next question. We will do an online question. This is from Helane Becker. And it's are you seeing any signs of weakness in the UK related to anything including Brexit? Jim?
Jim Barber: So David, thanks for that one and Helane, as well. I think I get this question every day quite frankly over the last couple of months. But to give you a little bit of backdrop on it I go back and just remind you of something here. Back in 2008 when we bought LYNX it was our choice in the UK to strengthen that market, to feed the network we talk about a lot and obviously also feed that country and the consumers. It took us a couple of years to get it done. We were done in 2010 and although we don't talk much about country-level performance I think this question will get us pretty close to it. I could just tell you that from the years 2010 through 2015 that UK operation for us is best-in-class in many ways that we measure our business. So that acquisition and integration that took us about three years has paid dividends for many, many, many years now. Brexit we don't see changing that for that market, quite frankly. Our job is to continue that priority, number one, to take care of that economy and the consumers, our employees and the shareholders and link it into that European network. So that is priority one. The issue obviously becomes what the free-trade agreement is set up to be. Don't forget a couple of things from my perspective, one is there are many, there's a number of free-trade agreements in that union, as well. You've got the Norway model, you have got the Swiss model and you've got the EU model. So how it unfolds we will see but there are various models that could unfold. We've analyzed scenarios as far left as the WTO setup all the way back to something close to what they have today. In the end I think our priority is to advise and advocate and support consumers at the free-trade agreements are finalized in the coming years and then continue to whatever happened support that market in the network. I think we could easily say there will be somewhat more complexity but I think our job is to simplify the complex in a network for consumers and continue the great service. And that's what we plan to do as that unfolds.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ben Hartford, Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford: Just wondering what your point of view is today on the acquisition environment as you start to lap the Coyote acquisition. Obviously taking into account what you've said historically about acquisition criteria, are there specific segments or verticals that you're more interested in? And I guess I'm leading you into UPS Freight in particular given some of the softness that we see in that LTL market. Do you think that business is a sufficient scale today or are there potential acquisition opportunities in that segment specifically? Thanks.
David Abney: And I will answer the first part and then you talked a little bit about Coyote so I will ask Alan to briefly hit that and then the LTL environment and Myron will take that. From an acquisition standpoint we have an active process and we're really looking in what I will call just three general buckets that we're always taking a look at. First is new opportunities, new opportunities that would help us to add more value to our customers. And then anytime that we can expand capability within our network, so if it's something that we don't feel as strong about as we'd like to then that would be that second criteria. And then third, the trade lanes are shifting throughout the world and so geographic presence is always important. Over the last few years the emerging markets has been a place that we've put a lot of attention on.  So adjacent markets which is what we did with the Coyote acquisition, is key on our mind. But at the end of the day whether it's organic growth or its inorganic growth our focus is on growing this business and at the same time having profitable returns. So, from a Coyote standpoint, Alan?
Alan Gershenhorn: Just a quick update on Coyote, certainly their customers and our customers and new customers are responding very well to the new Coyote and UPS combined value prop. For the quarter we continue to see strong year-over-year growth in loads and our gross margin has also expanded for the quarter. As I think we all know the truckload market remained soft but certainly this asset-light model has provided some great flexibility in the up-and-down cycles. And then just lastly, I will say that as far as the synergies related to the acquisition we're seeing some good work happening there in procurement, asset utilization, cross-selling and then organizational synergies that are benefiting both Coyote and also our U.S. Domestic and Supply Chain & Freight segments and we're on track. And I guess I will turn it over to Myron to talk a little bit about the LTL.
Myron Gray: Ben, as you are well aware the LTL market for the last 16 consecutive months has experienced softness. And our customer base is telling us that they have high inventory levels. In addition to that with high inventory levels the opportunity for restocking is soft as well. All those things considered, we believe that we have the appropriate scale at UPS Freight. We will have and continue to monitor the market and make the appropriate adjustments and make the right business decisions moving forward in terms of whether or not to expand our scale. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Landry, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry: Could you speak a little more to your earlier comments about U.S. consumer interest in alternative delivery methods? I wanted to understand how well penetrated it is even in the urban areas and specifically how much you think it would need to increase from here in order to move the needle on density. Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn: This is Alan. There are a number of things, first of all, that we're doing to improve density. And it's really part of the whole e-commerce value proposition and ecosystem that we've put in place. The UPS Access Points, UPS My Choice, the Synchronized Delivery Solutions and certainly SurePost Redirect which is now at about the 30% of those packages are being redirected back into the Ground network. On Access Points right now we will probably finish the year at about 27,000 Access Points globally and we continue to expand there. So when you think about bending the cost curve, I guess the 1/10 contributes to about $200 million in bottom-line cost if we when we increase the density by 1/10. And then I guess the last thing I will say is we continue to be bullish about Access Points and we're expanding the current model. And as you probably saw we invested in our locker expansion after some tests we ran last year and we're laying in 300 lockers into the United States. And your point about urban America and urban anywhere in the world, lots of consumers out there have challenges receiving packages at home in urban areas and the Access Points and the lockers is a great solution for them and it also benefits UPS.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Ross, Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross: You talked a lot about the U.S. and also about Europe. Can you talk a little bit more about Asia and the rest of the world and what you're seeing going on there from a trade perspective?
Jim Barber: Certainly the Asia market it also continues to change. It's the biggest market out there from a China perspective, we currently quite frankly are seeing very, very nice and actually momentum picking up in our middle-market growth based upon the solutions we're providing to the Chinese consumer as their model shifts at the same time. Certainly the network that we have in place has served us well for many years. This quarter overall I think the block hours were down about 0.5%. You saw in the early opening comments of the call this morning and the releases that the export volume continues to grow at UPS. That includes our Asia-Pacific region as well as our Latin America region at the same time. So we continue on. One of our big focuses out there is our intra-Asia network. It's a great opportunity for us. We laid that in in 2010. We think it has lots more upside. We will continue to do that and really align that, as well, to the emerging markets strategy that David just referenced a minute ago that we continue to invest in and I'm confident we will be referencing on the calls to come. So I appreciate the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jack Atkins, Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: So I was wondering if you could expand for a moment on your comments around B2B trends. You referenced in the press release that B2C group grew five times that of B2B but could you maybe comment exactly what the growth rate was for B2B in the quarter, what portion of your U.S. Domestic Package business B2B makes up now and what customer verticals are you seeing particular strength and weakness on the B2B side? Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn: On the commercial B2B side we did see a slight increase. The good news is we've seen a slight increase the last few quarters there. It's mainly being driven actually by the retail sector and returns but we're seeing some growth in some other areas. Wholesale, healthcare and professional services are some of the other areas and then also consumer and home goods. As you know industrial production, as David indicated, was pretty soft and B2B is really being driven now by retail and some of those other sectors that I have spoken about. I think our investments really in some of these sectors including healthcare are helping us gain share in that particular area. So kind of outrun the economic challenges. Then, lastly, our B2C business is about 45% of our business today.
David Abney: Okay, the next question will come from online. And the question and this was from the buy side, is do you see any long term opportunities to expand streamlined delivery routes with the ride sharing programs. So Alan?
Alan Gershenhorn: I think again everyone knows on a call that we made a strategic enterprise fund investment a few quarters back in a company named Deliv which is a retail-to-consumer same-day B2C delivery company that actually uses the excess capacity out there in the market with people that have vehicles that want to participate in that program, similar to what's happening on the ride sharing part of the economy there. They are a leader in this new space and we're excited to learn more from that. The other thing I would say is that Coyote is really a technology platform that's doing the same thing. It's matching up excess capacity in the marketplace from thousands upon thousands of carriers that have backhaul excess capacity and we're providing a similar service with Coyote. So we're excited about that in the heavier truckload type business as well as for prospects potentially on the pickup and delivery side.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kelly Dougherty, Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty: I just wanted to think about the U.S. domestic volume growth. Obviously it seems like prime are driving demand for more premium products, but would love to get some insight on how other retails are pursuing e-commerce, if they are offering free shipping on some or all spending levels. Do you expect that will show up more in your Deferred offerings? That certainly didn't seem to be the case this quarter. I'm just trying to get a sense of what you think the volume and maybe the revenue mix will be as e-commerce grows.
Alan Gershenhorn: A couple of points on your question. First the holiday offerings here in July were pretty widespread amongst a whole number of retailers. And I think we will see more and more of that, certainly in this summer time frame but also in other parts of the year, to drive growth in the e-commerce sector for these retailers which is critically important for them. Certainly the e-commerce growth drives significant growth in our Ground business and our SurePost business and then on the overnight and Deferred side mainly in the Saver and the Second Day Air business. But the key here is that we've got this great portfolio, so when a customer absolutely has to have it they are usually willing to pay for that and we have the full gamut of services to get those goods to them when they want it and we have the more economical alternatives along with some of the value ads like UPS Access Point, UPS My Choice and omnichannel that really drive those retailers and those consumers to UPS. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rob Salmon, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Salmon: I guess this is a piggybacking on Kelly's question. Can you walk us through some of the factors that were impacting U.S. Domestic Package Deferred volume and yield trends which have diverged a little bit from the rest of the U.S. Domestic portfolio with volumes down a little bit but yields up year on year? And if you could specifically address if we're seeing the impact of any large customers changing their delivery methodologies that are impacting Deferred trends?
Alan Gershenhorn: First, our premium Next Day Air products grew at nearly 6% and the Ground was up more than 2%. So certainly our customers are responding to the continual expansion of our Next Day Air and our Next Day Early service to more postal codes. In fact, all of our Next Day Air services experienced growth. On the other hand, Saver, Ground and SurePost and certainly Deferred are focused more on the e-commerce and retail customers. And so on the Deferred side you really need to look at it on a two-year stacked basis we almost grew 15% following strong double-digit growth in 2015. Thanks for the question.
Operator: And the last question in queue at this time will come from the line of Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: I'm going to try and squeeze in two follow-ups if I can. The first one is on 2017, so between the FX hedges rolling off and the Ground growth costs do you think EBIT can be higher in 2017 versus 2016? And the second question is on Amazon do you feel like your delivery share with them has held constant or is it up or down in the last 12 months?
Richard Peretz: This is Richard and I will start with the first question on the guidance for 2017. I think the important thing is as we had said that as we move forward we have continued initiatives that will continue to improve the operating margin. That being said obviously different segments things will happen and growth rates might have to be adjusted. It's a little early to talk about exactly what's going to happen. And that's really because there's a lot of things going on in volatility of currency, too. So the year here we're in end of July we have time still and if you tell me where in November the dollar/euro is or the sterling/dollar that will be a lot about the story of how much variation, that's why we say the plus or minus numbers. An important thing is that we have a plan, it will improve by segment. Our first priority is to reinvest in this business because of the strength of the Company. We continue to deliver the highest ROIC and the highest margins in the business and our plan is to continue to do that. We will continue to do that while at the same time having dividends of over 3% or around 3%. So as we get closer to the 2017 I will guide you appropriately but we're in the middle of putting all those plans together. And your second question around the percentage of our share of any one customer is something that we obviously continue to win customers based on our strategy to win customers. We don't comment on any one customer but you can see our volume growth for the U.S. was up about 2.5%. You adjust for fuel we saw revenue growth about 3.4%, so it was a strong quarter. We laid out for you how we think the fourth quarter is going to look and that's another strong quarter. And we're going to end up delivering on the guidance numbers that we gave you at the beginning of the year and I think that's the most important thing.
David Abney: Okay, we have one last question and this is an online question from Tyler Brown. And it's about return logistics, reverse logistics and kind of two parts. Could you talk about what kind of growth rates you're seeing in return volumes? And talk a little bit about our capabilities on this front and do we need to do something to add to our capabilities. So Alan, if you would take that.
Alan Gershenhorn: As I said earlier returns growth has been strong, it's in the mid-teens. And as you all know returns is very good business for us because customers tend to drop those packages off, so we have high density pickups at those drop-off locations and then high density deliveries back to the retailers. UPS has some of the most technology-advanced transportation return services with things like Returns on the Web, RS1, RS3 print label return. So when it comes to label generation, shipping, tracking, visibility, enabling speedy refunds for the consumers for customer experience we've got some of the best returns solutions in the business. Combine that with the UPS Stores, the UPS Access Points, the lockers, the other alliance partners, UPS drop boxes, there are millions of packages being returned or being delivered to those drop-off locations casting that wide net. And again I just tie that back to the whole e-commerce ecosystem that we have that really benefits retailers and consumers and makes UPS the e-commerce transportation Company of choice. Thanks to the question.
Operator: I would now like to turn the program back over to Mr. Childress. Please go ahead, sir.
Scott Childress: Thanks, Stephen. I want to thank everyone for submitting an online question today and for your interest in UPS. If you submitted a question that did not get answered please reach out to the investor relations team or myself after the call. Now I will turn the call to David for his closing comments. David?
David Abney: So UPS performed well in the second quarter. We expanded our margins in our International and in our Domestic small package business. And very importantly we're investing today to ensure our future performance. So we're at the halfway point of the year. So to UPSers, this is half-time. And we have had a good first half, we were on plan but it's very important and we're all committed to our plans and confident in our 2016 guidance. So on behalf of the 435,000 UPSers around the world, thank you for your time today and for all of you thank you for investing in UPS. Thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude our call. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 00:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Wilkins - Investor Relations Officer David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director Norman M. Brothers - Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP James Jay Barber, Jr. - President, UPS International Myron A. Gray - President-US Operations & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC Kenneth Scott Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc. Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Art W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Andrew David Hall - Stephens, Inc. Bascome Majors - Susquehanna International Group Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. LLC Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note, we'll take only one question from each participant to accommodate more analysts during the call. Thank you for your cooperation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Joe Wilkins, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Joe Wilkins - Investor Relations Officer: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS first quarter 2016 earnings call. Joining me today are, David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Also joining us today is Norm Brothers, our General Counsel. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2015 Form 10-K. This report is available on the UPS investor relations website, and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The webcast of today's call, along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on the UPS investor relations website. And just as a reminder, please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thanks for your cooperation. Now, I will turn the call over to David.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Joe. I'm pleased to be here this morning to review another excellent quarter. I want to take a moment to say thank you to UPS employees around the world for their hard work and dedication in delivering more than 13% earnings per share growth this quarter. The International segment sustained its momentum with its fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit operating profit growth. The U.S. Domestic business also expanded operating margins as efficiency gains enhanced bottom line results, while Supply Chain & Freight performed slightly ahead of our expectations. Our accelerated investments in the UPS network are improving business results. This is enabling us to deliver strong financial results despite the current mixed macroenvironment. In the U.S., GDP forecasts continue to be revised downward, yet consumer spending remains the primary catalyst for growth in the economy and e-commerce sales have again exceeded the expectations. On the other hand, industrial production remains below 2015 levels. In Europe, economic expansion has slowed slightly, but the pace of growth remains healthy, while in Asia the major economies showed positive signs of stabilization as exports from China improved in March. Despite these mixed economic conditions, we remain committed to making investments for growth and efficiency. We will continue to implement our enterprise strategy, providing UPS customers with increased choice, convenience and control. During the quarter, we launched enhanced products to support customers' needs for earlier delivery. Our Next Day Air Early now serves almost 30% more zip codes, strengthening our leadership position in offering the earliest next-day deliveries. We also increased our Worldwide Express small package offering to 23 new countries and territories. UPS now offers guaranteed noon delivery on the next possible business day to 88 countries around the world. In addition to broadening our service portfolio for growth, we also are investing in our infrastructure with innovative technology and major facility expansions. The ability to combine our integrated network with the latest operating technology helps UPS deliver industry-leading margins and provides tremendous value to our customers. ORION is a great example of how we use predictive analytics and big data to improve service, while bending the cost curve lower. Our future plans for ORION will enhance the benefits for UPS, and our customers. In fact, I recently had the great honor on behalf of all UPSers to accept the prestigious 2016 Franz Edelman Award recognizing ORION, and UPS's leadership in operations research. In addition to innovation and on-road technologies like ORION, we're making major investments in new capacity and modernized facilities, both in the U.S. and Europe. In the U.S., we're expanding major facilities in Metro L.A., Denver, Chicago, and other areas around the country. In Europe, as part of our $2 billion European investment plan announced in 2014, we opened a larger automated hub in Lyon, France, tripling our capacity in the area, and we also announced an automated facility expansion in Herne, Germany. Adding to these examples of our innovative infrastructure is our commitment to global leadership in alternative fuels. This quarter, we announced an additional $100 million investment to expand compressed natural gas in our delivery and facility network. Our alternative fuel vehicles are now 6% of our global fleet, and have helped UPS reduce its annual use of conventional fuel by 10%. We are well on our way to achieving our goal of driving one billion miles worldwide by 2017, with our alternative fuel vehicles. As we invest in the U.S. and abroad, the ability to grow our business is accelerated by global trade. Recently, the President signed the trade facilitation and trade enforcement act. This important legislation is designed to modernize, strengthen and streamline cross-border trade, facilitating faster clearance of goods into the U.S. UPS strongly supports the expansion of free trade around the world. We are developing additional solutions that assist buyers and sellers to transact business across borders. So, in summary, the first quarter results demonstrate the differentiating value of our integrated network in global portfolio. Our investments in technology and capacity are producing network efficiencies and giving us more control over the cost drivers in our business, and this is providing improved financial results. At UPS, we are innovating and investing to ensure we anticipate the needs of our 10 million customers. Before Richard covers the quarterly financial results, I have asked Norm Brothers, our General Counsel, to provide an update on developments surrounding the Central States proposed benefit reduction plan. Norm?
Norman M. Brothers - Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel: Thanks, David, and good morning. This is a topic that we first disclosed in our third quarter 2015 10-Q. The Central States Plan proposes to make retirement benefit reductions to its participants, including certain UPS employees. When UPS withdrew from the fund in 2007 as part of our collective bargaining agreement with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, we agreed to provide supplemental benefits in the event that certain benefits were lawfully reduced. As a reminder, in December 2014, Congress passed the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act, which for the first time ever, allowed multiemployer pension plans to reduce benefit payments to retirees subject to specific guidelines written into the statute and government oversight. As a result of this law, the Central States Pension Fund submitted a benefit reduction plan for approval to the U.S. Department of Treasury in the fall of 2015. As we explained in our 2015 10-K, we are challenging the Central States Plan because we firmly believe that it does not comply with the law. According to this new statute, we currently expect a decision from the Department of Treasury on or before May 7, unless there's some agreement to delay the process. Of course, Treasury could reject Central States' proposal, confirming our position. If this happens, the benefits paid from Central States will not be reduced without further action. In the event this plan is approved as proposed, we fully intend to continue challenging it and pursue all legal remedies available to UPS. As we gained additional information during the quarter, we continue to assess the possible impact of Treasury's review of the plan on UPS. This is a new law and the first time the approval process has ever been used. And as I stated, we firmly believe the proposed benefit reduction plan does not comply with the law. We recognize there are lot of unanswered questions, but without Treasury's decision, we're not going to speculate. However, we still thought it was important to provide you an update on the process. Now, I will turn it over to Richard for a financial review of the issue.
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Thanks, Norm. We estimate that if Central States Plan is approved as proposed and implemented, we would be required to record a charge of approximately $3.2 billion to $3.8 billion later this year. Our estimates are based on the information currently available to UPS. And it assumes, among other things, that the Plan's implementation is not delayed. If this charge is necessary, we expect it will be treated as an interim mark-to-market pension charge, and will be reflected in this year's financial results. In addition, there may be an increase in the ongoing pension expense that could impact 2016. Following our call today, we'll provide a presentation on the IR website regarding this subject. Now, let's move on to the business and how it continues to perform. As David said, the consumer is driving the economy, and that translates into opportunities for UPS. During the quarter, we turned e-commerce growth into expanded margins and increased operating profit in the U.S. Domestic segment. This, combined with momentum in our International business and slightly better than expected performance in Supply Chain & Freight segment, produced another strong quarter. Now, let's go a little deeper into the results. Starting with the U.S. Domestic segment, where operating profit increased $78 million, or almost 8%. And operating margin expanded 50 basis points, to 12.1%. Revenue was up 3.1% over last year to $9.1 billion. However, lower fuel surcharges were a drag of about 120 basis points on the growth rate. Average daily volume increased 2.8%, with the ground products up 3.3% and Next Day Air up 3%. After five continuous quarters of double-digit growth, deferred products declined slightly. E-commerce customers drove both B2C and B2B shipments higher, with B2C up more than 6%. Interestingly, supporting B2B growth during the quarter, online purchases drove demand for UPS's best-in-class return services portfolio, which grew double digit this quarter. Base rates increased about 2% but were offset by changes in package characteristics and the mix of product and customers. There was 120 basis point drag from lower fuel surcharges that weighed on the reported deals. As a result, total revenue per piece was down 1.3% from the prior year. This quarter, the margin expansion was driven by the excellent cost management demonstrated. Cost per piece was down 1.9% compared to last year. Network efficiencies continue to improve, and we're seeing those improvements in our bottom line. At the foundation of our success this quarter is the continued benefits of the UPS integrated network overlaid with our unique technology. Looking at our key daily statistics, and this is where we're seeing good improvement, is the expansion of ORION lower driver miles by about 1% despite the fact that total stops grew by about 6%. In addition, overall productivity gains held direct labor hours to an increase of 1.8%, well below the average daily volume growth. As these trends continue, UPS is improving the stop economics of e-commerce. Now, let's turn to the International segment. As David said, we are reporting our fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit operating profit growth. International operating profit increased more than 15%, reflecting the impact of disciplined pricing, better network efficiencies, and in-country cost control. Revenue, on a currency-neutral basis, was slowed this quarter by management actions we implemented in the third quarter of last year. In addition, lower fuel surcharges negatively affected the growth rate by about 200 basis points. Currency-neutral revenue per piece was up 1.6%, with Domestic products up 2.8%. Strong base rate improvements were across all regions of the world and contributed to the best yield growth in more than two years. Revenue management actions also affected International volume, mainly the non-U.S. Domestic products. Meanwhile, we saw increased demand out of Asia and Europe into the U.S., offsetting lower U.S. exports. Export volume has started recovering from the revenue management actions we started in mid-2015. Fewer local operating days, mostly due to the timing of the Easter holiday, lowered the growth rate by about 200 basis points. Now, let's discuss the Supply Chain & Freight segment, where operating profit was better than anticipated but slightly less than last year as the segment managed through a tough economic backdrop. Total revenue on a currency-neutral basis was up more than 11%, driven by the addition of Coyote Logistics. The asset-light, truckload brokerage business is managing well, even in a market that remains soft, and the synergies remain on plan. In addition, market conditions remain weak, both in the Air Freight Forwarding and UPS Freight markets. In the Freight Forwarding unit, international air freight kilos were down, and it's due to a combination of re-pricing efforts in 2015 and an overall softer market. Margins expanded as the unit held firm with rates and achieved higher buy/sell rate spreads. Distribution revenue on a currency-neutral basis was up around 7%. Supported by our industry-specific solutions, we had double-digit gains in healthcare, aerospace, and industrial manufacturing sectors. UPS Freight remained committed to disciplined revenue management. LTL revenue per hundredweight increased 2.1% as the unit continued to focus on serving higher-yielding middle-market customers, yet total tonnage declined as market conditions remain challenging. Now, for an update on our cash position. The company generated $2.2 billion in free cash flow after investing almost $430 million in capital expenditures. UPS improved its quarterly dividend by almost 7% during the quarter and paid about $670 million in dividends, and the company repurchased 6.8 million shares for approximately $680 million. Now, I'd like to update you on our guidance for 2016. The first quarter results continued our momentum from last year, and we remain on track for 2016. Economic conditions around the world will remain mixed. However, our business model is adapting well in this environment. In addition, International and Supply Chain & Freight will lap certain pricing actions we took last year. Based on our current performance, we reaffirm our 2016 full-year guidance of $5.70 to $5.90 adjusted earnings per share. This guidance does not include any impact for the Department of Treasury's decision on the benefit reduction plan. Regardless of how UPS chooses to respond to Treasury's decision, we still expect to remain within our 2016 guidance. However, if the plan is approved and implemented without delay, the ongoing expense could possibly push us towards the lower end of the range. As we stated earlier, we fully intend to continue challenging the plan if it is approved by Treasury. To summarize, this quarter is an example of how our accelerated investments are providing benefits across the company. We are adapting to the changing market conditions, bending the cost curve, and at the same time, producing strong financial results. We are well-positioned to continue to make progress through the rest of 2016. And now, I'll ask the operator to open the lines for the questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Ben Hartford, Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning, guys. Just want to know your thoughts on yield, just given the competitiveness that we're seeing in truckload rates, in particular, during 2016 at 2% base rate within Domestic. What is the likelihood that that meets or exceeds that level as we move through 2016?
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Hey, Ben, this is Alan. First of all, we saw some really good volume growth in the U.S. that certainly was in line with our expectations, and we continue to align the revenue to the value we create and with the costs incurred. The first quarter 2016, we certainly continued our successful base rate strategy and we did achieve a base rate increase between the 2% and 3%. It was offset by about 120 basis points to lower fuel surcharges, as well as continuing to still see some significant changes in the customer and the product mix, and the package characteristics that are also weighing on that base rate increase. Just one quick example here, SurePost, it's the lowest revenue piece product in our portfolio by its nature. It achieved double-digit growth this quarter. It also has some of the highest delivery density in our network, and it generates excellent profitability and ROIC, and it's even more profitable when we combine that with the SurePost Redirects. We've got a lot of examples where we're focusing on driving profits where the revenue to cost ratio is, where the RPP is actually lower than average, like SDS, UPS Access Point returns, they're all significant density creators. I don't know, Rich, you got some comments?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Yeah. Ben, the other thing that's important to understand that, as we make the adjustments for how the characteristics are changing, the benefits that we're seeing on how we're handling within our network and the implementation of our technology is showing up in the bottom line, as you saw the cost per piece actually reduced almost 2%. And that created the margin expansion in the U.S.
Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. If I could just ask a clarifying comment there; is there enough disconnect in terms of the customer conversations that B2C and e-commerce growth can be viewed separately from the broader kind of freight fundamentals, specifically the pricing on the truckloads, such that you can continue to get positive and healthy yields with regard to B2C, in particular, even though broader freight rates in 2016 appear to be much weaker than that?
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah, I think there's definitely two distinct markets there. It's certainly a competitive market, but we focus our pricing consistent with the value we provide to our customers, and we're continuing to enhance our efficiencies, like Richie said, and our value proposition with what David mentioned on the UPS Early Express, so on and so forth. So, yeah, we're confident in being able to achieve the range of 2% to 3% going forward.
Joe Wilkins - Investor Relations Officer: Thanks, Ben. This is, Joe. As we move forward, let's just keep it to one question so that we can get as many on as possible. Thanks, Ben. Next question?
Operator: Tom Wadewitz, UBS. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning. I just wanted ask around the International margin improvement. Congratulations on the strong margin improvement there. I was wondering if you could give us the sense of, I guess, you talked about some of the key drivers, but does the pace of that accelerate, does it kind of sustain in terms of some of the things you're doing to drive that almost 300 basis points of margin improvement? Just so we have a kind of a way to look at it going forward the next couple of quarters. Thank you
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure, Tom. And this is, Richard. I think the first thing, it was a very strong quarter, but our focus is really on our earnings  our growth in earnings and economic value more than the margin, because there are fluctuations in the network, and which products are growing stronger year-in and year-out. The other thing to keep in mind is that the hedge program that we've really had in place for multiple years does aid the margins. Even if you adjust out for that, you're still talking about almost a 17% margin, which is the best in the industry. I'm going to ask Jim to actually comment on a few of the initiatives driving the improvements in International.
James Jay Barber, Jr. - President, UPS International: Thanks, Rich. So, Tom, I think it's really a two-part question for me. One is backward looking, how we've done. You've seen the last five quarters. We feel good about that. I think the other side to it is that, at the same time, right in line with our overall growth strategy, we're able to invest in some of these growth platforms we've talked about over the last year, year and a half. Like Access Points, like southern and trade lane borders across the world in emerging markets, so that ultimately, it's  here and now you see the margins and you hear Richie's comment with respect to the lift in currency, and so on and so forth, but the general operating efficiency and base rates is holding us, but at the same time, we feel really good, I do, about the investments we're making for long-term at the same time. So appreciate the question.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter, Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Scott Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. Just maybe a little bit of clarification on the pension exposure you talked about at the opening of the call, the $3.2 billion to $3.8 billion. Is that a one-time charge; is that a cash expense that you'd have to pay out? And then, more on the ongoing level you talked about. Can you talk about the ongoing impact and what the ongoing cost exposure could be? You talked about moving to lower end of the range, but just maybe give us some parameters on what the ongoing expense would be? Thanks.
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure. So, I think the first question you asked was, whether it was a one-time payout. And actually, the way that  first of all, it's a complicated topic, and there will be a deck, I mentioned, out on the website to explain a little bit better. But it really isn't something we're paying to a third party. It would be a liability that we would have to take on. But that being said, we look at many different scenarios, and we feel comfortable that even if this was approved, and while we go down the path of looking at other options legally, that it would have a operating income impact, but it would still keep us within the range that we gave at the beginning of the year. So there's a lot of unanswered questions that we just don't know until we know more from treasury's decision. But at this point, that's really all we can share with you.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And this is David Abney. Just want to remind people that we do not know how treasury is going to decide. We're expecting a decision between now and May 7, May 8, but they could reject or they could accept. We just felt it was important to get the information out that just gives you an idea if they did accept the plan. But we really don't have an idea of which way that they're going to decide, so we don't want to send any other impression out there. Okay.
Operator: David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Richard, maybe a question for you on the productivity side, it seems like the mix was a little bit weaker in the quarter. I'm just wondering if that's kind of a fair assessment. And then, as you think about that decline of 190 basis points year-over-year in the unit cost for the Domestic segment, was that influenced any way by the mix? Did you get some help there for some of the lighter weight or lower cost products versus kind of pure productivity? Is there any way to think about sort of breaking up that 190 basis points in relation to mix? Thanks.
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure. Because we run an integrated network, and when you think about the activities that occur, mix has a little bit of play when SurePost grows faster. But I would tell you that, we expected SurePost to grow faster this year. Last year, we talked about the two-year stack, and we knew that SurePost would continue to grow. But that being said, when you look specifically at what we're doing in the U.S., with how direct labor hours are being managed, because of really the overlay of ORION, and what we're able to do with reducing miles, at the same time is increasing stops, it's something we're starting to see the last few quarters, and it's something we still expect to continue to see. And I'm actually going to ask, Myron, to talk a little about some of the initiatives that he has seen from ORION, and what's happening in it, because the expansion of the margin really was something that we did expect, and we continue to expect.
Myron A. Gray - President-US Operations & Senior Vice President: So, David, it's really a combination of a number of activities that we're undertaking to continue to bend the cost curve. Richard has referred to ORION, and yes, while our stops grew almost 6%, we were able to reduce our miles by 1%. But when you add in SurePost Redirect, coupled with Access Points, it allows us to build greater densities, and we're taking advantage of it. You've also heard us talk about SDS and EDGE, which we'll be talking more about later this year. Those activities combined, regardless of the mix, has allowed us to continue to bend that cost curve. Then you couple that with some of the automation projects that we have in place, it's not only allowing us to bend the cost curve, but it's also ramping up our service to our customers.
Operator: Chris Wetherbee, Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, thanks. Good morning. Wanted to ask about the ground volume growth, which was impressive in the quarter. We definitely saw a re-acceleration. And I think in the comments, you mentioned that the B2B side benefited probably from e-commerce returns. Just wanted to get a sense if you could parse out maybe sort of how the industrial side of your business is sort of trending, and maybe if you expect that ground growth to continue through the rest of the year here, outside of what we saw from e-commerce, which is probably at least partially holiday-related. So, any comments there would be helpful.
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. This is Alan. Yeah, as you said, we had a really strong growth of B2C growth and our customers are really responding to the choices we're providing. The e-commerce customers drove both B2C and B2B shipments higher, with the B2C up more than 6%. And by the way, that was our best B2C growth in the last five quarters. And like Rich said, we achieved margin expansion with that growth of B2C. The online purchases are continuing to drive demand for UPS's best-in-class return services, which are, essentially, a business delivery, and we did see mid-teens return growth there. We think, as B2C grows, we're going to continue to see very strong returns growth there that is going to help our B2B segment. So, overall, B2B is still in positive territory, but it's still being impacted by the softness in industrial production. But we've been positive on B2B growth for the last few years now, with the exception of one quarter. So the economy certainly is soft out there when it comes to industrial production, but we think the combination of our B2C and our B2B value proposition to the non-retail segment is going to allow us to continue to grow that B2B business.
Operator: Nate Brochmann, William Blair.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Obviously, this has been well publicized, in terms of a very high profile customer kind of maybe doing some more things in-house, and I know we've talked about the value proposition for UPS a lot over the years. But have you seen probably the majority of what they plan to do already taken in-house, in terms of that already kind of being behind you? And has that impacted at all kind of the density benefits that maybe we were on previous trajectory to be able to get, and do you have to do anything to circumvent that?
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Nate, this is David. Yeah, I'll just start off with saying that that high-profile customer, I think because of the scale and the scope, gets a lot of attention in everything that they do, obviously can appear under the microscope. I can tell you though that we value our mutually beneficial relationship and obviously we'll evaluate any market moves that any company or customer makes, and we look at it from a competitive standpoint. But where I really want to focus is our integrated network creates efficiencies and just gives us a value proposition that is very difficult to match. Our diverse customer base also, just from a density standpoint, no single company is going to be able to match that. So we add value with global scale and scope. We continue to invest in technology to deliver high-value solutions, and there are going to be customers that are going to utilize us as a single source. There's going to be other customers that are going to adjust and sometimes go single source, sometimes go multiple vendors, and sometimes they will bring some work inside, take it in-house, and that's going to adjust as conditions adjust. But we feel we have a good relationship with that customer and feel that we will continue to add value for many, many years to come. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking my question. So can we come back to the economic picture? I mean, you guys talk a lot about how you move 6% of U.S. GDP in your network every day. How do we read the divergence in industrial production and consumer growth, plus really weak international trade, but you're still seeing premium expansion in your network. What does this all mean for GDP and IP looking forward? And have your customers given you any view on expectations heading into the back half of the year on inventories and growth?
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Brandon, thanks for the question; this is David. And yeah, our customers have given us a lot of views. And I'll give the same impression to that that I would to the customers, that is it's very mixed. And U.S. GDP has obviously weakened. Even today, the numbers that came out quarter-over-quarter has showed weakness and year-over-year slight deterioration. But again, you can look and you can find bright spots and then you can find things that worry you. On the one hand, consumer spending continued to be the primary economic driver in the U.S. On the other hand, industrial production has been disappointing; although I can say there has been some recent data on manufacturing that is showing some sign of expansion. On the one hand, again, online retail is continuing to grow much faster than many expected. On the other hand, the especially brick-and-mortar retailers have not done so well. Again, on one hand, inflation and unemployment have stabilized, although wage growth, of course, has been muted. And when you look at it internationally, I think the same thing, you're going to see positives and you're going to see things that concern you. From the European Union, we still expect to see that economy grow at a fairly solid pace compared to the recent past, but there are signs of slowing, especially in some countries. Emerging markets, you see some concerns there, especially in Brazil and Russia. China, though, the GDP forecast has stabilized. You look at U.S. exports, because of the strength of the dollar that, of course, has weakened. But when you look at European exports imported into the U.S., that has been pretty solid. But my final point, and I think it's what's led to our success the last four quarters or five quarters and will continue to lead to it is that regardless of these challenges, we have to make challenges opportunities, and it's how we execute our investments, our strategic initiatives. If we continue to execute, we have proven and will continue to prove that we can have success in this mixed economic environment. So thank you for the question. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will be from Scott Group, Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thanks, morning, guys. Just one quick question, just going back to the pension issue for a second. If this thing happens, does it have any impact on capital allocation, share buybacks, either for this year or next year?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: The short answer is, it does not have any impact on 2016. We continue to allocate capital the way that we planned. For everything, for 2016, we continue on the plan. There's a lot of unanswered questions we talked about, but that won't change what we're doing for this year. And for 2017, later in the year when I guide, we'll go through that as I told you when we've gone through multiple scenarios and certainty will be understood a little differently. And then we'll make the appropriate plans because there are different things and different tools available to us as well. So, I just think it's too early to look at that, but 2016 will continue as is.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Landry, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks, good morning. In terms of your comments that you are improving the stop economics of B2C, first, can you carve out the impact of productivity gains versus fuel in the 2% improvement? And then curious if the rapid growth in e-commerce is finally starting to lead to density increases in local and regional markets. Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure. So, Allison, again, this is Richard. And the interesting thing is, you're right, fuel is lower. It does have an impact on both the cost and the revenue, but if you pulled those out, we still had negative cost per piece growth. And so we are seeing that the benefits of everything that we've been really building the last two years showing up in the bottom line and we actually talked about the margin expansion and that plan is a multi-year plan. And so that will continue as we expected it to. And that's it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jack Kauffman (sic) [Jeff Kauffman], Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hi, everybody. Good morning. It's Jeff. I just wanted to ask a question about CapEx and free cash flow. There was tremendous free cash generation this first quarter. So congratulations. But you threw off almost $2.6 billion in free cash, and I was modeling about $5.5 billion for the year. Have you changed your capital plan at all or is there a reason free cash might be a little stronger than expected this year, obviously holding off for anything that may or may not happen with this pension situation?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure. Again, this is Richard. When you actually look at our cash position and where we're at as a company, after the first quarter we're about where we were last year. In fact, our cash is slightly about $100 million less than last year at this point. So, when we look at our plan, it's about the whole year. And I also want to remind you that a large portion of our cash, about 40%, is offshore. And repatriation would cause additional tax, and we need that money offshore for the investments we're making in Europe and Asia, as well. So our plan was built at the beginning of the year, and it's something that we're working that plan, and that plan really is built to return to shareholders what we've been doing previously. We're investing $2.8 billion in CapEx, and we actually spent about 20% more the first quarter this year than we did last year, so we'll continue working that plan.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, this is David. I just want to clarify a little bit that we are clearly opposing the Central States Plan and that shouldn't indicate any change on our part to our long-term capital expenditure plan. So, again, this is something that has not happened. We don't know if it will or it won't. So I don't want anyone to read into comments that maybe we're adjusting our strategy based on this. We continue to execute this capital plan just as we originally planned. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Art Hatfield, Raymond James.
Art W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, morning. Thanks for taking my question this morning. With one of our competitors getting ready to make, or hopefully making an acquisition for them in Europe, have you seen any changes in the marketplace over there, any customer dislocations, i.e. any risks or opportunities ahead of that?
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Art, this is David. And in Europe, it does look like that acquisition is going to be approved. And the things that I wanted to cover on that is, that we have a very strong position in Europe. We've been winning in Europe for some time now, and we've certainly have been sprinting over the last several years. We haven't changed our strategy. We're going to continue to invest and grow in Europe, and we are certainly seeing benefits of that in 2015. We're in the beginnings of our five-year $2 billion network investment, and we're already seeing benefits from that. And just try to give you an idea, you know that Europe is a key part of our strategy, and we've just had great momentum. We've had five consecutive quarters of double-digit operating profit. So what we're hearing from our customers is that, we continue to provide value and they continue to give us more of their share of business. So we think it's a very positive environment for us.
James Jay Barber, Jr. - President, UPS International: Art, it's Jim. I think a couple of other points on the back of what David just mentioned is that, we've talked over the last year, year and a half about the capital outlay plan of $2 billion. I think it's important to note, especially in line with our top line growth discussion, is that we've only touched 19 of our planned almost 70 facilities that we plan to expand throughout the network. So we won't be done until 2018. We're going to be doing that much in line with, as you pointed out, what is the customer's expectation in Europe post-merger? We've had our eyes on that for some time, obviously on the road we've traveled. And so we are kind of looking at our Customer Solution, specifically, and our network and making sure that it leans into those risks and opportunities that any merger brings forth. So we're looking forward to the years to come in Europe. Thanks.
Operator: Jeff Atkins (sic) [Jack Atkins], Stephens. Please go ahead.
Andrew David Hall - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, guys. It's actually Andrew on for Jack. Richard, just going back to the International business for a second, and the impressive operating income growth there. Can you just clarify, kind of the puts and takes of that growth? How much is related to lower fuel prices and positive currency translation as opposed to the operational efficiency improvements you guys are seeing?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure, Andrew. First, let me start by saying that, I had mentioned that, even adjusting out currency; we're talking about almost a 17% operating margin. So it's a very positive, and it's actually the best margin in the industry. The other big thing to remember is, and we talked about it, I think, in my talk a little bit, was that, when you look at the yields for International, it was the strongest yields we've seen in quite some time, both in the non-U.S. Domestic and in the International exports as well. And your question also mentioned fuel. And let me also remind you that, we don't use fuel as a profit center. So it does impact the revenue line. But there's really not a big impact to what happens on bottom line. This quarter is really about great cost control, and the quality of revenue, and it was really something that Jim and his folks started mid last year, when we took on some revenue management initiatives, and we know we'll wrap that in the second half of the year. We guided that way at the beginning of the year. And so, this was really a very balanced profit picture, and a return for the quarter for International.
Operator: Scott Schneeberger, Oppenheimer.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning, guys. This is (46:33) for Scott. Premium product is growing faster than non-premium products, can you elaborate on the drivers there, and what you expect going forward?
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Hey, this is Alan. Thanks for the question. Yeah, so, as you stated, our premium Next Day Air products grew more than 3%, and I think, part of that is, the customer is responding and enjoying to our continual expansion of our Next Day Air and our Next Day Air Early, as well as our Express services that David talked to in his opening comments. We certainly are establishing a beachhead there, a leadership beachhead in Express and premium Next Day Air. And certainly, the healthcare, high-tech and professional services segments are in need of those type of services. Thanks.
Operator: Bascome Majors, Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna International Group: Yeah, good morning. I know it's only April, but as we look out to 2017, can you remind us of how much of the FX hedge protection that you had in 2015 and 2016 is going to roll-off next year? Just how should we think about the impact of the loss of some of those hedges from a sensitivity perspective? Either if that's looking at your International segment margins, or maybe an overall EPS impact on the company?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure. This is Richard again. And the first thing I want to remind everyone is that, we do use a multi-year hedge strategy, and it's worked very well for the last two years. And underlying that is really the strength of our business, because the core business is running very well. Right now, we're in the middle of a process. We continue to look at different opportunities because of the volatility of currency, to go in and do different hedging, to protect and minimize the change. It's really a little too early to talk about what it's going to be, because we're still in the middle of that. And then, yes, we know that euro went from $1.35 down to today's rates, but we're also looking at what other initiatives across the entire enterprise we can move forward to offset some of that. So we'll continue to work on those two efforts, and at the appropriate calendar time, we'll update you on 2017.
Operator: Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to follow up on an earlier economic question. Is there any way to break down how much of the adjusted 7% to 11% EPS growth you're expecting this year comes from kind of external macro-like factors, versus some of the internal yield and profit efficiency things you're doing? Just to get a better sense of maybe how much of the growth story is within your own control, kind of despite what happens in the macro environment?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure. So, when we make our guidance at the beginning of the year, and we monitor as the year goes, we have a certain assumption for what's going to happen with economic indicators, and they have come down. If you go back to January, and you look at what GDP was doing and what expectations were around the globe, those have all come down. On the other side, what's happening in UPS, and what we're seeing is the continued margin expansion, the things that we talked about in both International and Domestic, around both from a cost and network efficiency standpoint, as well as making the adjustments, as the volume looks different. So today, I'd say it's more about what's happening at UPS, but we also have to continue to think about what's happening externally because that does have an impact. But because one is a little bit better than it was going to be at the beginning of the year, and the other is a little weaker, you put it together and we think, where we're having guidance is the right place.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And this is, David. Just to reinforce, Rich. It's nice to have tailwinds. And obviously, you'd prefer not to have headwinds, but that's not the world we live in. But what we have been able to do, over the past five quarters or so, is to deal with the hands that we have dealt, and make the most of it. And our management team, throughout the world, is focused on absolutely that. And what's important, is that we stay disciplined and focused on our strategic initiatives. As long as we do that, we're going to be in good shape and real proud of what the team has been able to do. Thank you.
Operator: David Ross, Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, good morning, gentlemen. I wanted to talk a little bit about the pilots that have been in the news. Any comments you have on the current IPA talks, which seem to be, I guess, heating up a little bit after about five years of discussions. And then, also, the Cologne strike, where the pilots didn't fly some planes this week due to their sympathy strike with Verdi.
Myron A. Gray - President-US Operations & Senior Vice President: Yeah, David, this is Myron. It's not unusual to see some of the recent headlines that have been pretty robust on behalf of the pilots. But let me assure you that there is no real threat of a strike. We remain, along with the pilots union, at the bargaining table, and we believe, as usual, that there will be a win-win negotiation at the end of this for both the pilots and UPS. And also, as a reminder, we're at that negotiating table with the National Mediation Board, and it would take action on their behalf to release both parties in order to have something happen. And the reality is that's not going to happen any time soon. So we're going to get this thing done.
James Jay Barber, Jr. - President, UPS International: David, it's Jim. On the Cologne situation, just a couple of points I'd like to reinforce. First of all, there's work stoppages that happens, or manifestations, as they might be called, in the world, especially in Europe, that we have to deal with day-in, day-out in our business. This specific situation, to be very clear, Verdi's stance in Germany in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia was really not even in the logistics sector, it was in the government sector, which has a whole another set of views to it. The IPA and the pilots took their stance on that. Our job is to run the network. And I would tell you, over the last 48 hours, the guys have done a heck of a job over there. Just like the last time the ash cloud appeared and that power of the ground and the air network came through. And tonight, our network will be just as normal. Tonight, Thursday night, in Cologne, and we expect to provide great service going forward. So I'll stop on that. I appreciate the question.
Operator: Ravi Shanker, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, everyone. Good morning. You bought a stake in Deliv, I think in February of this year. Can you just talk about the rationale behind that, what you've learned so far? And also, how you see the omnichannel retail shift as a potential opportunity or threat just being a general disrupter in the e-commerce channel? Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Hey, Ravi, this is Alan. As you guys know, we've been in the same-day business for a long time with Express Critical and our world-class service parts logistics network, but certainly there's a lot of buzz with e-commerce with same-day, and the real challenge is obviously low-cost e-commerce delivery because the consumers are looking for a low-cost option there. Currently, as you know, same-day for e-commerce has challenges with consolidating density and single-piece stop economics that could create profitability issues as these companies look for the low-cost model. Deliv's goal is pretty unique. It consolidates multiple deliveries on one driver with pickups from multiple stores at a mall, for example. So we're looking to get some key learnings there. So we made that SEF investment in Deliv to better understand the economics, demand and value proposition, and certainly they are a leader in that particular space. At the same time, we believe that because the lion's share of shopping takes place in the late afternoon and evenings, there's much more demand for local next-day, which really speaks to the latter part of your question about omnichannel. And we're very focused on those local store solutions that enable us to take evening orders that are dropped to these stores. Let the stores fulfill them locally that same evening, and with the UPS late-night pickup, we can get next-day or morning delivery. So we can make the delivery in as little as 10 hours to 12 hours from the time the order is dropped into checkout. And you combine that again with our industry-leading e-commerce platform, and we're really leading the way in the B2C e-commerce market. Thanks for the question.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Helane Becker of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody. Thank you very much for the time here. I'm not sure how many employees at UPS are minimum-wage employees, but there's been some moves, especially in California, to push the minimum wage up. And I'm just kind of wondering how will that affect your compensation, your outlook for keeping costs under control and that line. And any comments you can make would be appreciated.
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure. This is Richard. And I think the one thing that's important to understand about UPS is that many of our wages are part of our national bargaining agreement. So there are very few employees where the start rate would be at something that would be affected by the minimum wage change. That being said, in some states where there's a slight change, it would impact only the people that are first coming on to the payroll with UPS, because there's a progression schedule. So it's a very small impact. We've looked at it, and I'm talking hundreds of thousands of dollars kind of thing, because it's just not something that is our value proposition as an employer, and giving the full benefits and the rates we pay aren't things that are going to drive additional cost for this in any meaningful way.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Rob Salmon of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. Piggybacking on the e-commerce question, which had come up basically two prior to me from Ravi, if I think about the local delivery opportunity from a UPS perspective, historically I've always thought of that as a tougher market to compete in, particularly when there's some crowd sourcing opportunities, given your cost structure. Could you talk a little bit about the attractiveness or not of that marketplace from your perspective? And more broadly, what are the markets that you think make the most sense to attack from an e-commerce perspective, given your returns and margin profile?
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Hey, this is Alan and thanks for the question. Look, it's really about the whole e-commerce platform at UPS, but certainly all of our brick and mortar retailers are also in the e-commerce business. So it's about providing them a total solution. And omnichannel is a growing trend in the retail industry. We're seeing 30% year-over-year growth in UPS accounts in 2015, and that means at the store level, we've got about 120,000 ship from store locations that are shipping or have the potential to ship. We're starting to see this phenomena start to take place also outside the U.S. in our International business. So we think it's a real advantage for the retailers to optimize for a number of things. Sometimes it's inventory, saving the order, because the order is not in the e-commerce fulfillment center, but it's in the store. Other times, it's to speed up the delivery, other times it's to get to the lowest cost option. So it's really about the whole platform that we offer with UPS My Choice, UPS Access Point, omnichannel, the SurePost, Returns, marketplace tools we provide, so on and so forth, that we're out there selling along with, with obviously, the power of our whole product portfolio aligned to the integrated network that's really driving that success. And I guess, the last thing I'd say is that, to kind of one of the questions earlier, where  about density creation. We're really creating this density synthetically through all of those e-commerce solutions that I just spoke of, because all of them both drive customer and consumer convenience as well as density for UPS. And you combine that with some of the things we're doing on the efficiency side with ORION and automation and things that Myron talked, about, we really believe we've got a great platform for e-commerce, for both  for retailers, consumers and to continue to enhance UPS profitability.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Time constraints; that was our last question. I would now like to turn the conference back over to our panelists for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, gentlemen.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. This is David. I'd just like to review quickly, UPS had another excellent first quarter. We are very effectively implementing our strategic initiatives and we're investing in new capabilities in the right places, which will ensure that we remain the world's premier logistics provider. Lastly, though, I would like to make an announcement that would be interesting to many of the people on this call. Joe Wilkins will move into the role of Vice President and Corporate Controller and Scott Childress will replace Joe as the Vice President and Investor Relations Officer. I'll speak to myself and the company, we are very fortunate to have two very extraordinarily, qualified and seasoned professionals, and I'm confident that each of them will be just as successful in their new roles as they have been in their prior roles. So really would like to congratulate Joe and Scott. I appreciate what you guys have done, and I'd like to thank everyone on the call for joining us today. Take care.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Wilkins - Investor Relations David Abney - Chief Executive Officer Richard Peretz - Chief Financial Officer Jim Barber - President, UPS International Myron Gray - President, U.S. Operations Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Tom Wadewitz - UBS Scott Group - Wolfe Research Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Nate Brochmann - William Blair Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Ben Hartford - Baird David Vernon - Bernstein Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Jack Atkins - Stephens Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Art Hatfield - Raymond James Chris Wetherbee - Citi John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets David Ross - Stifel Alex Vecchio - Morgan Stanley Matt Troy - Nomura Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank Helane Becker - Cowen and Company Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Joe Wilkins, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Joe Wilkins: Good morning and welcome to the UPS fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO, along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I would like to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we will make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2014 Form 10-K and 2015 10-Qs. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Before we begin, I would like to make you aware of a few adjusting entries that impact our reported results. UPS recorded a non-cash after-tax mark-to-market pension charge of $79 million. The charge resulted from lower asset returns that were partially offset by higher discount rates. Investment returns on planned assets were negatively affected by the overall market performance. The impact of the shortfall was mostly offset by increased interest rates used to calculate the planned discount rate. In the prior year period, the company reported non-cash after-tax charge of $692 million. The charge related to pension on mark-to-market was $670 million and the amount of the healthcare liability transfer was $22 million. More details on mark-to-market accounting are available in the presentation that is on the IR website. Excluding the impact of these charges, adjusted diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter 2015 were $1.57 and GAAP earnings per share were $1.48. While fourth quarter 2014 adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.25 and GAAP earnings per share were $0.49. In our remarks today, all quarterly and full year comments and comparisons will refer to adjusted results. In addition, we will discuss UPS free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The webcast of todays call along with the reconciliation of free cash flow and adjusted results are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. And just a reminder as on previous calls, please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thank you for your cooperation. Now, I will turn the call over to David.
David Abney: Thanks, Joe. Good morning everyone. Our results make it quite a good morning here at UPS. I am pleased to report a very positive fourth quarter, capping our strong full year performance. A year ago, we laid out a plan for successful peak in 2015. This year, through the extraordinary efforts of UPS around the globe, we delivered the high quality service that customers deserve and the financial discipline that shareowners expect. This was the fourth consecutive quarter that UPS exceeded financial expectations. In this quarter, we expanded margins and produced double-digit operating profit growth in all three business segments. Thats worth repeating, all three segments demonstrated excellent operating profit growth. In fact, the International segment achieved its best quarterly and full year results ever, exceeding $2 billion in annual operating profit. UPS ended 2015 with record fourth quarter earnings per share and the highest operating profit ever reported. Full year 2015 diluted earnings per share increased 14% to $5.43, an all-time high. Although the industrial side of economy has slowed, the explosive growth of e-commerce continues to create great opportunity. I want to spend some time discussing how we capitalized on our peak season opportunity by managing the challenges it creates. I can sum it up in three words: collaboration, control, commitment. Expanded collaboration with customers combined with key investments were central to our success. We worked together with a shared interest in fully utilizing UPS network capacity while simultaneously maintaining excellent service. UPS implemented certain pricing controls and maintained disciplined operating plans to ensure our peak package [volume] [ph] did not jeopardize the overall integrity of the network and could be delivered on time. For example, we optimized available capacity during the weekend prior to Christmas and collaborated with customers to tender shipments ahead of the original schedule. This moved our peak day up to December 21 and smoothed volume for the rest of the week, ensuring our customers packages reached their customers doorsteps before Christmas. This year, our customers worked more closely with us than ever and I want to thank them for making adjustments and being flexible. Together, we delivered a successful peak season. Again, working closely with our customers, we delivered a successful peak season. Turning to control, our actions to tighten dispatch, reduce special sorts, and implement just-in-time hiring resulted in significant cost benefits for UPS as we exercised more precise control over the network. We also expanded capacity, opened more than 8,000 UPS Access Points in the U.S., and completed several automation projects across the network. These investments provide year-round benefits. In fact, our automated air facilities were essential in servicing nearly 13% growth in U.S. domestic air volume during the quarter. The flexibility of our integrated network also gave us the control needed to seamlessly move volume between air, rail and ground to maintain excellent on-time service. This year, we again implemented a management process called the control tower in the U.S. and expanded it to Canada and Europe. We handled customers unplanned volume surges by efficiently utilizing available UPS network capacity. Our goal was to find a solution that worked for our customers and UPS. Working together, we were able to service more than 90% of these last minute requests. Another aspect of control is managing outside transportation cost, which spikes dramatically during this time of year. Our recent acquisition of Coyote Logistics helped manage this expense. They played an expanded role this peak season and provided truckload brokerage service for UPS and its customers. Coyotes synergies remained on plan. The final C is commitment exemplified by the actions of our employees to deliver on-time service during a period when our volume nearly doubles. There are numerous examples of UPSers going the extra mile everyday for our customers and they again demonstrated that commitment this peak season. I want to take a moment to say thank you to all the UPSers around the world whose enthusiasm and extraordinary efforts during the holiday season produced these great results. I am proud of their determination, dedication and hard work. While peak season 2015 helped drive strong fourth quarter results, we have turned our attention to 2016. Our business is more diverse than retail in peak season. Customers continue to choose UPS because of our broad portfolio of solutions across many industries like healthcare, aerospace, high tech and manufacturing. We will continue to capitalize on opportunities within these market segments by further expanding our network, improving operational efficiency and focusing on high growth and adjacent markets. Looking at the global economy, conditions remain uncertain with the first half of 2016 continuing the mixed economic trends from the last half of 2015. Across Europe and Asia, GDP growth was modest in 2015. However, slight improvements are expected this year. At the same time, we continue to see challenges in emerging markets in 2016. Global macroeconomic conditions reinforced the need for nations to continue making progress on free trade agreements such as TPP and TTIP. While the U.S. GDP growth outlook is muted for the first half of 2016, it is expected to gain strength in the second half. Further, the U.S. remains dependent on a consumer based economy for growth, while industrial manufacturing continues to be held down by a strong dollar and lower global demand. Through this uncertain backdrop, UPS will continue to implement our investment in growth strategies in 2016. Our strong execution of these strategies will enable UPS to continue to create excellent shareowner value. Now, Richard will give you more details.
Richard Peretz: Thanks David. Its good to be with you this morning and report on an outstanding fourth quarter. All three segments performed better than expected. They achieved solid results by focusing on revenue management and operational execution. These efforts expanded operating margins and increased shareowner value. Total fourth quarter revenue was up slightly to $16.1 billion. On a currency-neutral basis, it was up 2.4%. Changes to currency and lower fuel surcharges reduced revenue by more than $600 million. Overall, UPS produced fourth quarter earnings per share for 2015 of $1.57, up 26% from last year. Full year 2015 earnings per share were $5.43, a 14% increase over 2014. These results included discrete tax credits of about $0.07 for the quarter and $0.10 for the year. Excluding these on an annual basis, earnings per share grew more than 12%. Now turning to details within the business segments, In the U.S., we had a great quarter. Revenue was up 2.6% to $10.3 billion. Lower fuel surcharges reduced revenue growth by about 250 basis points. Average daily volume increased 2.4%, led by deferred air products up 15% and Next Day Air up 10%. Clearly, UPS customers are choosing the value of our air products to meet their customers expectations. Both business and residential deliveries grew in the quarter with B2C outpacing B2B two to one. E-commerce continued to drive higher residential shipments, in fact in December more than 60% of our deliveries were to consumers. Revenue per package increased slightly as strong base rates and product mix improvements were somewhat offset by lower fuel surcharges and changing customer mix. Operating profit jumped 18% to more than $1.3 billion and margin expanded 170 basis points to 13.1%. Solid execution of the peak operating plan and our network investments led to productivity gains. Average daily direct labor hours declined about 1%, with package deliveries increased 2.4%, some of the best results we have produced. The growth of e-commerce continues to increase delivery stubs in our network. During the fourth quarter, delivery stubs increased 5.1%. Thats more than twice as fast as our volume growth. Technology investments such as ORION are enabling us to reduce the cost of residential stubs. As a result, we held package delivery miles flat and reduced cost per piece. These results demonstrate our ability to adapt. We are bending the cost curve and the U.S. team is delivering high quality service while improving efficiency and cost. Looking now at the International segment, we had a record-setting quarter and year, achieving a 16% improvement in our fourth quarter operating profit of $624 million, delivering greater than 10% profit growth every quarter in 2015. Our results are driven by two efforts. First, rate actions that began late in 2015 resulted in losing some low-yielding accounts, predominantly affecting the international domestic volume. And second, network management improvements continue to contribute to bottom line results. As we modified international block hours to match volume and trade lane demand. Revenue in the fourth quarter was $3.2 billion. Base rates increased across all regions, although they were offset by about a 350 basis points drag from lower fuel surcharges. Total export shipment growth slowed, reflecting the execution of previously mentioned pricing initiatives along with varying market growth rates around the world. Imports from Europe into the U.S. were strong for the fourth consecutive quarter, aided in part by the appreciating U.S. dollar. The International business continues to demonstrate the ability to adjust in an unsteady economic environment. Turning to the Supply Chain & Freight group, operating profits grew more than 11% with an expanded operating margin. Overall, revenue growth increased 6% with the addition of Coyote. However, organic revenue growth declined due to two factors; First, ongoing weakness in both forwarding and U.S. LTL markets. And secondly, the continuation of our targeted revenue management actions. Both the forwarding and UPS Freight units are executing initiatives that are driving change into customer mix to improve profitability. The forwarding unit improved operating margins as the group held firm with rates, achieving their highest buy/sell rate spread in the last few years. In UPS Freight, LTL revenue per hundredweight improved 2.1% with a drag of about 550 basis points from lower fuel surcharges. However, market conditions continue to challenge UPS Freight as they saw tonnage decline about 12%. The distribution unit saw double-digit revenue growth from targeted industries, healthcare and aerospace, particularly in the U.S. and in Europe. Now lets turn to our cash flow. Throughout 2015, UPS continued to generate healthy free cash flow, producing over $5 billion after $2.4 billion in capital investments. Once again, we returned more than 100% of net income to shareowners as UPS purchased 27 million shares for approximately $2.7 billion and paid out another $2.5 billion in dividends, up 9% per share over last year. Looking at our tax rate, as previously mentioned during the quarter, UPS resolved a few outstanding tax items. Together, these resulted in $63 million of discrete credits or about $0.07 per share. For 2016, we expect our tax rate to be 35.25%. Now, I will cover the rest of our guidance. We expect 2016 to be another good year at UPS. Revenue should increase between 6% and 8%. Looking more closely at the segments, in the U.S., the domestic segment average daily volume should increase about 2% to 4%, driving revenue up 4% to 6%. Operating margin is forecasted to expand and operating profit should grow 5% to 9%. In the International business, shipments per day are projected to increase 2% to 4%. Growth rates will be held down during the first half of the year due to the revenue management actions we discussed earlier. We anticipate a drag of about 150 basis points from non-hedged currencies and lower fuel surcharges. As a result, revenue will grow at a similar pace as volume. Operating profit is expected to be up 8% to 12% with some margin expansion. In the Supply Chain & Freight segment, revenue should be up 15% to 20% with Coyote adding for the full year. The segments organic revenue growth is projected between 3% and 5%. Operating profit growth is forecasted between 6% and 10%. However, first quarter growth will likely be down about 8% to 12% from last year due to the continued softness in the LTL, freight brokerage and freight forwarding markets. As a reminder, the West Coast port strike provided some benefits in 2015. Operating margin for the Supply Chain & Freight segment should be around 7%. For the total company, we expect our 2016 operating profit distribution by quarter to be very similar to 2015. From a cash flow perspective, investment in the business remains our first priority with CapEx expected to be about 4.5% of revenue or $2.8 billion. Next, we remain committed to paying the strong dividend. Finally, we have about $2.7 billion in share repurchases planned. As we have mentioned in the past, we will continue to follow this framework and make necessary adjustments if new opportunities arise. Overall, we expect 2016 to be a solid year for UPS. We will continue to execute on our investments as planned and the network improvements we are banking are producing financial benefits. As a result, we are projecting diluted earnings per share to increase within the range of $5.70 to $5.90, a growth rate of 5% to 9%. And when excluding the 2015 tax credits, our growth rate is 7% to 11%. In closing, despite the unsteady economic climate, we are well-positioned to make significant progress again in 2016. Thank you for your attention. I will ask the operator to open the lines so we can take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning, and congratulations on the strong results and the best of peak season. I wanted to  I guess its one question, but its really focused on your volumes within fourth quarter in Domestic Package. It was, I know you have had a spread of strong air volumes on, driven by e-commerce, but it seems that spread versus ground widened out. I was just wondering if you could give a sense of what were some of the key drivers of the Domestic Package volume and that spread in fourth quarter, what was B2B like in ground, what was the impact of your controls to have a peak, was that a big factor on the softer ground, and just was there a weakness of the economy? What were sort of the key drivers for the net domestic volume? Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn: Hey, Tom, this is Alan. Yes, certainly, it was a solid peak season. We delivered more than 612 million packages over the peak period. Its the most in the company history, up about 7%. And as you said, the air volume was well above our expectations in the quarter with the deferred growing almost 15 and Next Day at 10. The ground volume, yes, was a little bit below our estimates. Certainly, the soft industrial production that David mentioned and certainly some of the revenue management action on some of the low yielding accounts earlier in the year for peak had some impact. Our B2B growth was positive. If you remember last quarter, it went negative, but it rebounded last quarter. And as Rich mentioned, our resi grew at about a 2:1 ratio to the commercial. Thanks.
David Abney: Tom, this is David. When it comes to volume, I think its worth taking the time to look at the  over the 2 years, the stock volume for the fourth quarter. And if you compare 13 to 15, you see that our total volume was up 9% and our ground volume was up 7.6%. So, when you look at it over a 2-year period, what you see is the 14 had a tremendous increase in ground and then we added to that, but the 2-year [stag] [ph] gives a pretty good picture of where we have been the last couple of years.
Tom Wadewitz: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. So, one quick housekeeping question and then one broader question. Is there anything in the fourth quarter or the guidance related to this spot rate pension accounting that a lot of companies are doing? And then just bigger questions on the volume growth outlook, so forecasting an acceleration in volume growth and I think you kind of said it will be more back-end loaded, should we think about the  I guess what gives you confidence in that reacceleration in volume growth in the back half of the year? And then should we expect the earnings growth then to also be back-end loaded?
Joe Wilkins: This is Joe. Just before we get started, we are just going to do one question, because we get a lot of people, but we will take this dual-part question out, but Richard why dont you...
Richard Peretz: Sure. Scott, so the question you asked around pension is that we currently use a mark-to-market, its on a  there is a deck presentation on our website, it explains the mark-to-market and we use that corridor approach for that. And I think thats  goes through the process and we have done that each year the last few years whenever we make an adjustment. This year, it was a much smaller adjustment. And I think once you go through that, after some more questions, we can handle that appropriately. In terms of the volume and the guidance on volume, we did have solid top line growth this year. In fact, it was 5% growth this year and we really see 2016 as the continuation of what we did in 2015. It does have some cycles through the quarters. Obviously, we talked about each quarter kind of looking similar to the previous year. And so when you think about how our volume grows, our revenue and our profits, I would point you back to that, but we feel real good about where we are at. We think its not just whats happening outside externally on the macro environment, its also all the initiatives and the things that we are doing inside UPS right now that are gaining traction and are actually the reasons that the results were so good for the fourth quarter and for all of 2015.
David Abney: And on the volume, just a little bit more on that. In 2015, we said all along due to peak cost and to other cost that we are going to have to focus on yield which we did. And for 2016, we just want to make sure that we have the right balance and I am absolutely confident that the team will between maintaining yield and increasing our volume. So, with the initiatives that we have, feel comfortable that we are going to maintain the air volumes the way they are and felt like that we will improve the ground volumes.
Scott Group: Yes, thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin Sterling: Thank you. Good morning gentlemen and congratulations on a nice quarter and outlook in a challenging environment and my wife thanks you for a successful peak season. Real quick on ORION, how much more do you have to implement across your driver network? And is it possible to quantify the cost savings in Q4 from ORION?
Myron Gray: Good morning, Kevin. This is Myron.
Kevin Sterling: Hi, Myron.
Myron Gray: During the year, we increased the deployment for ORION from 45% in 2014 to up to 70% by years end. We expect to be completed with the deployment of ORION by the first day in January of 17 and we are extremely pleased with the results that we are getting today.
David Abney: And Kevin, this is David. I would want you to tell your wife we really appreciate her efforts to increase our volume. So, thank you for that.
Kevin Sterling: I will, thank you.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Nate Brochmann: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I was curious a little bit just about the Coyote acquisition in terms of how thats progressing so far and where you have seen the most benefits in terms of how you utilize that in terms of moving some of your own package freight throughout the network in the fourth quarter and also two in terms of just kind of seeing that business organically in terms of still working with their kind of core customer base?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, Nate, this is Alan. Coyote certainly performed well during peak and we are going to continue to expand that role. They were certainly one of the difference makers. They are playing a crucial role in our ability to manage our outside transportation services and cost, certainly year round, but very, very integral during the peak season. So, they provided the flexible capacity to meet the demand surges and they also helped us to improve our capacity utilization. On an overall basis, as David said in his opening comments, the synergies are on track. I would also say that we are getting some good purchase transportation procurement benefits and those are exceeding our expectations.
Nate Brochmann: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good morning and I echo a great job through the peak season, great to see. But I think you mentioned that you turned away 3% of volumes given the control tower, I just want to understand some of the economic commentary as you look ahead to your outlook, ground volumes remain up pretty slight, so are you still seeing a trade-up to Next Day Air and deferred just given the strength there or is this just an economic difference of e-commerce versus what you are seeing on the ground side?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. First of all, we didnt turn away 3% of our volume with the control tower. The control tower was an absolute success this year from both a customer and a UPS perspective. And I would also say from an e-commerce, retail and also a year round customer perspective, all the other industry segments that we serve, so a real success. And the primary goal there was to optimize the network capacity and find solutions that worked for our customers and UPS. And in fact, between Cyber Week and Super Weekend, we were able to accommodate all the customer requests. And during those final few days, there was a few that we needed to turn down. But even then, some of those were some dual source customers who chose not to make longer term business commitments to UPS. So we thought it was a resounding success. We had a very disciplined approach to the volume, the capacity and managing the yields to produce the excellent fourth quarter that we had.
Ken Hoexter: Great. I am sorry and the trade up down commentary?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So look, I think that the  the air products are resonating really well with our customers and certainly, the just-in-time nature, so our deferred was up 14% and the Next Day Air overnight products mainly the Saver was up about 10%. And I think customers are choosing the services that they need based on the time in transit that they are looking for.
Ken Hoexter: Alright. Thank you for the time.
Operator: Our next question will be from Ben Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford: Thanks. Good morning. Jim, maybe this question is for you. I am a bit curious in your perspective on business inventories generally from customers, there has been a lot of discussion on some de-stocking, whether that has taken place in the fourth quarter, curious on your view on the International side what you are hearing as it relates to inventory de-stocking during fourth quarter, any planned de-stocking in 2016? And then any perspective that you can provide on the domestic side would be helpful as well? Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. This is Alan, I am going to take that first and pass it over to Jim. Certainly, whats happening, international has a forward impact on the U.S. but as you probably all know, the U.S. inventory sales ratio has come down slightly but it still remains elevated, certainly indicating we got continued overhang of inventories in the economy. And customers are obviously attempting to work them down. We expect the strong U.S. dollar to continue to influence the trade lanes. And I guess the last thing I will say is that our omni-channel e-commerce strategies like ship from store, enabling retailers to burn some of that off effectively.
Jim Barber: I guess, Ben I would add the comment probably from the forwarding perspective because that tends to be the kind of front end of some of these inventory moves. If you look at about the last year, what we have seen is a continued gap of demand and capacity, but I would say in the last two months of data, what we started to see is some load factors turning up. So as that moves forward, now we also have Chinese New Year coming on us right know, so that will give us our second read. But from that perspective, I think as some of the guys mentioned earlier, the buy/sell spreads, which is reflective of capacity and demand have been at its widest point through 2015. But early indications, there is a little bit of turn towards the end of 2015. But we dont see anything that spikes in a great way just yet, but that will lead us to further evaluation of the inventory. So appreciate the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking the question. Richard, great to hear the guidance on the domestic margin expansion, but I have a question for you on International. How much are we  how much are you guys seeing benefit from the currency gains in the fourth quarter, how should you expect that sort of hedge gain to play out in 16 and then should there be a cliff on the hedge roll-off in 17. We have got a lot of questions about how that International play out over the course of the year in terms of reporting gains on the currency hedge?
Richard Peretz: Sure. We use our currency hedge program that really is about protecting our profits. But when you separate that out, right now we do have protection for all of 16. And at different points through the last few years, we have gone in and made the necessary adjustments. But when we looked at the operating margin, it has improved a little bit because of the hedge and its about 200 basis points or just over 200 basis points in the margin that you should be thinking about thats really driven because of the hedge program thats really meant to allow the operators to look at the business and step away from whats happening with the currency and come straight on growing the business. I am actually going to ask Jim to talk a little bit about the record setting year that international has had.
Jim Barber: Okay, thanks David and thanks Rich, I think. With respect to currency, thats going to work through in the hedges as Rich pointed out is how we manage it. I do want to point you back to what we consider to be a very solid year in International, a couple of obviously record breaking points. But I think the key for us is to continue to lean into the networks. We have talked to you in late 2014 at the investor conference about efficiencies and continuing to invest in the networks specifically up to about $2 billion in Europe. We continue on that path. Our Europe team continues to execute. We keep  we get revenue management initiatives to go with it. So all that really keeps us at the really end of the story, which is industry leading margins in the International business. And we will manage that and currencies will do what they will do and we will continue to grow the business internationally and manage to the top of the industry margins. So appreciate the question.
David Vernon: So just to kind of clarify, should we then be expecting that, that 200 basis points of margin to roll-off in 17 or are you guys making progress on mitigating that impact?
David Abney: Its a little early to start guiding you on 17, but there are certain actions that we are taking on. And as it becomes more appropriate to cover and things are more complete, we will give you a better story on that.
David Vernon: Alright. Thanks very much for the time.
Operator: Our next question will become from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry: Good morning. Thanks. I wanted to follow-up on an earlier question on pension and if you could provide or quantify whats embedded in your guidance in terms of the year-over-year expense tailwind or headwinds?
Richard Peretz: Sure. Thank you, Allison. When we look at the pensions overall, we are expecting our expense to actually be flat this year with 2015 and thats whats embedded in the guidance. The activities around pension are an important area for UPS, we continue to actively managing that area. And as I said for the year, its going to be flat, so there wont be any increase in expense for 2016.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. So I guess just to focus here on Amazon for a moment, we saw several media reports late in the fourth quarter that the company is planning to leave a number of 767s and perhaps 737s to operate in both U.S. and Europe. If this is indeed the case, what impact do you think this move will have on the competitive pricing dynamics in the domestic and European express market?
David Abney: Okay. This is first David, and first let me make sure and express that Amazon is a good customer of ours. We have a mutually beneficial relationship. And our goal with Amazon or any other big customer is to continue to show our value to  through the integrated network and through our technologies and to have a value proposition thats difficult to match. We do add capacity and for large customers such as Amazon, we do it though we ensure we have the proper economic return. And at the same time, we also ensure the integrity of our network for all customers by planning and forecasting our volumes. So I didnt read anything that in the last quarter that we felt like is in  on any kind of substantial basis is going to affect our pricing, our pricing in the market. We just believe we need to continue to focus on our values, stay on our strategies and our technologies and we feel that we will have another good year this year as far as return to investors.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good morning guys and again congrats on the better outcome this year, totally different from 12 months ago. But can I just ask you, whats your general perception of industrial exposure in your Domestic Package network? Because if I look back historically when we saw IP contracting, I think its been very difficult for UPS to get earnings. So, can you talk to some of the risk that the outlook has if the industrial economy keeps weakening? And then maybe some of the counter proactive or positive things are happening in the network that are giving you this positive outlook?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, Brandon, this is Alan. Look, I mean, I think the story with industrial production has been happening now for quite a while. Certainly, its trending more negative than it has been. Our business today, as Rich said, even at peak season, we were up to 60% residential, so about half of our business is on the retail e-commerce side now. And I think we are going to be able to manage through that real well. I think the value proposition that we have in place for both retail and the other industry segments, including industrial manufacturing, high-tech and healthcare bode well. So, we feel pretty good that we have embedded these trends into our 2016 plans and are very confident in achieving those results.
Richard Peretz: And this is Richard and just a few other things I think thats important to think about when you think about whats embedded in our guidance is that the volume is based  is not just based on whats happening externally, its also whats going on within UPS. And so we started out externally and look at various scenarios of what we think could happen. And so embedded in the range is different volume assumptions and thats why there is a range. But also its the story about the economies that we are getting out of the ORION project and the adjustments we are making in the air network. You bring all that together and thats why the range is as we put it out there. So, we feel very confident that what we are putting out there is the expectation based on both the external and the internal efforts we are doing here at UPS.
David Abney: Just last  and this is David. Just the last comment on industrial production, if you are going to look at our results 5 years ago, I think there was a tighter correlation. Now of course, with our e-commerce and residential business growing as fast as it is, I think that maybe its not quite as direct. And if you look at the fourth quarter, industrial production was down all 3 months of the fourth quarter and we had record results. And I think part of that was because consumer confidence is still high. And so, I wouldnt draw too much of a connection there if I was you, but thanks for the question.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Art Hatfield: Thank you. Hey, thanks for taking my question. I hope I get this out appropriately or word this right. I think you have touched on this a little bit, but obviously e-commerce is going to continue to grow at a very rapid pace. And it seems to me that as we move forward, you are going to have more and more difficult decisions during peak with regards to having the potentially turn-away business. How do you think about that decision-making process going forward? And how do you balance all of your customers needs?
David Abney: This is David. I will start that question and then I will hand it over to Alan. The key to remember this year though is our focus was not on capping or turning away customers, but the control tower. Our focus is to pull volume in, work with our customers and find ways to utilize sources or areas of our network that arent kept such as we were very successful in pulling volume into the weekends. Its how we were able to actually move up peak date from the December 22 to the 21. So one of the ways that we addressed what you were just referring to is the way that we do manage [indiscernible]. We also had substantial capacity this year for peak and from our CapEx plans thats going to continue. And the increase in technology, ORION that you heard Myron talk about, over 70% utilized and Access Points and other technologies like that. So, I dont think we have a future of just seeing how much volume we can cap. Its just the opposite of how we can increase our capacity and how we can increase our effectiveness. Alan, from a customer standpoint?
Alan Gershenhorn: I would just say, look, we have talked for a while now about bending the cost curve and David talked about some of the things we are doing there with ORION. But UPS My Choice, Access Points, SurePost Redirect and SurePost this year, we redirected over 35% of our SurePost packages back into the network, where we were able to create a two-piece stop, our omni-channel strategy so on and so forth. I mean, all these things are working in concert to help us be able to manage peak at levels today, where this year our peak volumes will almost double what they are during the remaining part of the year. Keep in mind that as we work with these  all these projects here, a lot of them are focused in on delivery density. And one-tenth piece per stop increased creates about $200 million of operating profit improvement. So, we feel like the things that we are doing to our network now are going to enable us to handle bigger and bigger peaks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Thanks. Good morning. One last question about pricing, wanted to get a sense of maybe on the domestic side, how the core pricing looked and maybe how mix looked and whether or not we saw sort of an acceleration into the fourth quarter, I am just trying to get a sense that during peak is pricing stronger, are there other mix offsets that we should be thinking about? Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, hey, this is Alan. Thanks for the question. Certainly, we had strong base rate pricing improvements throughout 2015. The fourth quarter was no exception. We came in at the higher end of the 2% to 3% long-term target range. Its really  the GRI, the dim weight, some of the tactical pricing decisions as well as disciplined and prudent revenue management. For 2016, our expectation is to achieve again within 2% to 3% of the range for base rate improvements going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Barnes: Hey, thanks. Let me echo my congratulations as well. Nice quarter. Hey, real quick, you talked a little bit in your guidance about some revenue management actions you have taken in Europe. It seems like LTL volumes continue to be a little bit weak there. I am just kind of curious, I mean, is  are there any other revenue management areas that you are attacking right now? Is LTL one or is this isolated to Europe? Can you elaborate on that just a little bit? Thanks.
Richard Peretz: Sure. This is Richard. And John, I think the last few quarters we have talked about the revenue management initiatives and David mentioned improving the yield in some of his comments. And the thing to keep in mind is its really broad-based. We are doing it in small package. We are doing it in the international air freight market and the LTL. Its really about making sure we have the right customers and the right yields in each of our networks.
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross: Yes, good morning gentlemen. Question on the peak season volumes, the last couple of years, in 13, 14, the peak period was about 72%, 73% over a normal week period or a normal period. Alan just said it was nearly twice this year. So, was that 75%? Was that 95%? And in addition to that kind of what can you do in 2016 to make the network run even better during peak than it did this year? Thank you.
Richard Peretz: Sure. And this is Richard again. When you look across peak, obviously, peak is a little different at different weeks of it. But when you go across the entire peak period, it was slightly elevated from where it was last year and we move the peak day up by one because the available capacity over the weekends and the customers collaborating with us made the necessary adjustments. I am going to ask Alan to talk a little bit about it specifically, but whats going on with volume, Alan?
Alan Gershenhorn: Look, my point was that during peak, we handle almost double on any given day, but the spike occurs on an ongoing basis between Cyber Monday and Christmas Day. Throughout the quarter, our volume between October and November was softer and December on a secular basis continued to rise.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Alex Vecchio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Alex Vecchio: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about the LTL environment, broadly speaking, its been several quarters now that volumes have been challenged not just for you but for the entire industry. And I guess I want to get a sense from you guys to the extent to which you are seeing increasingly competitive or aggressive pricing behavior from your peers, are you starting to see any of that or would you kind of characterize the industry as still broadly holding discipline on price?
Myron Gray: Alex, this is Myron. If you go back to the fourth quarter of 14, each corresponding quarter, we have continued to see softness in the market and its adversely affected each of the carriers in the market. However, base rate improvements have remained steady and we are not seeing any adverse actions to the negative that are being taken by any carriers that we would expect that to remain that way moving forward.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Matt Troy of Nomura. Please go ahead.
Matt Troy: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I just had a pretty straightforward inquiry on CapEx, I was wondering if you could talk about your CapEx budget for 2016, I know you guys have had a lot of irons in the fire in terms of optimization and modernization programs across the network. So just wondering what the capital budget is for 2016 and what are some of the major projects and allocations from that budget we can expect you guys to make progress on in 2016? Thanks.
Richard Peretz: Sure, Matt. This is Richard. Our CapEx, as I mentioned in my talk, is expected to be about $2.8 billion right now. The model that we built at UPS in the network is very unique and we are continuing to make the necessary adjustments in automating our Tier 1 buildings, but we are going at a measured pace because we also have to make sure that we continue to provide the service that our customers expect. In fact, in the last few years, we have actually doubled the spend in our buildings and facilities and we expect that, that will continue and thats probably the area where we will be spending the most money next year. But the results of this quarter were really driven by the investments we made in the last few years and thats helped us to achieve the margins and the profit level that we got for 2015. Thank you.
Matt Troy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty: Good morning guys. Thanks for the time. I just wanted to think about the different macro outlooks throughout the world and can you give us a sense of how much of your revenue you would estimate touches the U.S. at least at one end, so whether its generated domestically or imports or exports. And then also maybe you could give us a similar estimate for Europe as well?
Richard Peretz: Yes. Kelly, this is Richard again. When you think about the total company, obviously the U.S. is a very large piece of our business and we have talked about the importance not only of the U.S. but also both imports and exports coming into and leaving the U.S. And today of course, the imports into the U.S. are stronger and thats really something we have seen because of the strength of the dollar, so exports coming out of the rest of the world coming into the U.S. are much higher. And we have talked about in the past that Europe is a very large part of our international. Its about 50% of the International business. So together, those two are a large  very large part of the company, but the other pieces of the network are important because the customers are sending packages all over the world back and forth.
Kelly Dougherty: Is there any way to kind of quantify 75, 80 whatever that number is percent of your revenue actually touches the U.S. in some way, shape or form?
Joe Wilkins: Kelly, this is Joe. We can take that detailed question offline when we talk later on today.
Kelly Dougherty: Okay.
Joe Wilkins: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rob Salmon of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Salmon: Hey, good morning guys. And thanks for squeezing me in here. With regard to the margins in Q4, U.S. domestic package got back to in line margins for the full year and I think its a testament to a lot of the internal initiatives that you guys were calling out as well as the strength on pricing, how are you guys thinking about margins looking out next year and it appears that within domestic, are the international initiatives enough where that we will start to see fourth quarter margins again be better despite the greater concentration of home deliveries and B2C shipments or should we kind of think about it roughly in line with the broader full year overall margin in U.S. domestic package?
Richard Peretz: Rob, again this is Richard. I think you have to look at 2016 and David actually made a comment earlier that this is going to be a balanced year. So there is both volume growth and making sure that we align the revenue with the resources that are used in UPS, thats very important. As well, in the last few years, we have been down this road of improving our internal operations. You saw that because for the first time, you actually see stops going growing twice as fast as volume, yet your cost per stop came down. And thats a testament to the technology and the U.S. operations it had a good quarter. And I will actually ask Myron to comment on that.
Myron Gray: So Rob, let me begin by thanking the thousands of UPSers who help to execute on the well designed plan. We will continue to deploy technology, tighten our direct labor hours and add capacity where necessary to take advantage of this expedited growth in residential deliveries. Deployments like ORION that helped us control our miles actually they were flat in the fourth quarter. Our direct labor hours were down from last year and the service was exceptional. And we continued to deploy Access Points that gave control and convenience to our customers. So, we believe that this expedited growth and residential deliveries dont pose any support moving forward. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Helane Becker of Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much operator. Hi gentlemen. Thank you also for the time. As you guys think about the CapEx you are spending on improving the technology in the buildings, are you actually able to grow without adding additional headcount? And I think Myron, maybe you just started to address that question with respect to improving margins without increasing either headcount or salaries that much?
Myron Gray: I think our automation strategy will allow us to not add headcount. And our automation strategy moving forward is to either deploy technology in the existing footprint that we have when we build new buildings or where we may need to add capacity that would help us reduce handles. In the fourth quarter, our direct labor hours were flat. Now we hired what we expected in terms of people that 90,000 to 95,000. But because of this automation, we were able to bring them on much later at peak and our actual hours were down 8%. So we dont see a need to add headcount. Thank you.
David Abney: Yes, this is David. Just to put a recap on that. Each of these automated facilities we see about a 20%, 25% efficiency. So it gives you an idea of what they mean to us. Thank you. Next question.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. Mr. Kauffman your line is open. We will move on to our next question from Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Thanks for squeezing me in here guys. Just to kind of step back, if you are going to have to design a parcel network from scratch to serve e-commerce customers, leverage the residential deliveries, can you talk a little bit about how are we different from the network that you have today?
Alan Gershenhorn: Look, I think that the network that we have today, the air and ground integrated network is second to none and the enhancements we are making to that network, whether its the operational efficiencies that Myron talked about with ORION and hub automation or whether its some of the customer-facing technologies that we are putting in place that also help reduce cost to make us more efficient and to make us attractive to both consumers and retailers is really the best network in the business. And again, when you think about this e-commerce ecosystem that we are putting in place with our base ground and air package network adding on the UPS My Choice, UPS Access Point, the Synchronized Delivery Solution, the SurePost and the SurePost Redirect, our returns portfolio, i-parcel, combining that with some of the efficiencies really makes UPS network the e-commerce network of the future.
Operator: And due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks for taking me guys in there. Congratulations. Just back to B2B domestically, if you could address it in U.S. package and Supply Chain & Freight, just how did you see the trend as you ended fourth quarter and into first quarter? And if you could speak a little bit to end markets that were most impacted good or bad? Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, hey, this is Alan, thanks for the question. So, certainly, in the U.S. here, our B2B business was positive all year with the exception of a slight dip in the third quarter growing at or about half the pace of B2C. And like we said, it rebounded back in the fourth quarter, but mainly driven by retail. Certainly, on the Supply Chain & Freight side of our business, the vast majority of that business is in fact B2B. And in the International business, a much larger preponderance of our business is B2B, so the growth you are seeing in there would impact also B2B.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to our Investor Relations Officer, Mr. Joe Wilkins. Please go ahead.
Joe Wilkins: Thank you, Steven. Appreciate it. I will now turn it over to David Abney for closing comments.
David Abney: Good. Thanks, Joe. We are successfully executing our strategies and capitalizing on our investments. Due to the strong peak, the fourth quarter, the four consecutive quarters of 2015 where we exceeded expectations are all evidence of our execution. We are carrying this momentum into 2016. We feel good about the year even with a little less certain environment around us and we expect once again to deliver strong earnings growth this year. Thank you for your time and see you next quarter. Thank you.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Wilkins - Investor Relations Officer David Abney - Chief Executive Officer, Director Alan Gershenhorn - Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Richard Peretz - Chief Financial Officer Myron Gray - Senior Vice President of U.S. Operations Jim Barber - President, UPS International
Analysts: Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Tom Wadewitz - UBS Ben Hartford - Baird Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs David Vernon - Bernstein Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Nate Brochmann - William Blair Chris Wetherbee - Citi Art Hatfield - Raymond James Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Scott Group - Wolfe Research Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research Alex Vecchio - Morgan Stanley Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank David Ross - Stifel Bascome Majors - Susquehanna John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise and after the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note, we will take only one question from each participant to accommodate more analysts during the call. Thank you for your cooperation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Joe Wilkins, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Joe Wilkins: Good morning and welcome to the UPS third quarter 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO, Richard Peretz, our CFO, along with International President, Jim Barber, President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we will make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2014 Form 10-K and 2015 10-Qs. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. In our remarks today, all full year comments and comparisons will refer to 2014 adjusted results. In addition, we will discuss UPS' free cash flow which is a non-GAAP financial measure. In mid-August UPS closed on it's acquisition of Coyote Logistics. For the remainder of 2015, the business results of Coyote will be reported in the Supply Chain & Freight segment. Revenue will be included in the Forwarding & Logistics unit on our web schedules. The webcast of today's call along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. And just as a reminder, please ask only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thanks for your cooperation. Now, I would like to turn the call over to David.
David Abney: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone. UPS continued its positive momentum with the third consecutive quarter of improved growth in earnings per share. This is consistent with the outlook we provided during our Q2 call. During the third quarter our International segment, again produced double-digit growth in operating profits. The U.S. Domestic and Supply Chain & Freight units performed as planned. We are pleased with the results this quarter, especially given the uneven global economy. We remain on track to achieve the higher end of our full-year earnings per share guidance. Looking closer at the global economy. GDP growth in the U.S. has remained relatively unchanged. E-commerce has continued to expand, but the strong dollar has contributed to lower industrial production growth and softer exports. Global GDP forecast for the second half of the year have come down in leading European markets, including Germany, Poland and the U.K. Asia has also come down slightly, primarily influenced by lower China output. In other global trade developments during the quarter, we were encouraged that an agreement was reached on The Trans-Pacific Partnership, an accord that is expected to establish the rules of 21st century trade. In the U.S., it now awaits congressional review and approval. We expect the agreement to cut the customs red tape and allow faster clearance of shipments. TPP should also create a more level playing field for private companies when competing with government supported entities. Additionally, tariff cuts and transparency measures will provide benefits to companies on both sides of the Pacific. We continue to promote TPP with Congress to help ensure that many benefits of the agreement are fully understood. Our key strategies have positions us well to help UPS customers, especially small and midsize companies as they and we capitalize on expanded global trade and other new growth opportunities. We continue to invest in these key strategies which include focusing on high-growth markets, expanding network capacity, improving operational efficiency and developing custom solutions for targeted industries. During the quarter, we announced the largest expansion ever of our Worldwide Express portfolio. UPS extended this time and day definite service to more than 41,000 new postal codes, many in high-growth markets. This product is now available in countries that comprise more than 90% of global GDP. We have also expanding capabilities for UPS customers with the recent acquisition of Coyote Logistics. This strategic investment brings UPS a high tech asset light entry into the fast-growing truckload brokerage market. Jeff Silver and the pack add a tremendous amount of value to the UPS portfolio providing growth opportunities for Coyote and UPS. In addition, the acquisition of Coyote will enable us to better manage UPS backhaul capacity and purchase transportation spend. We anticipate this combination to create more than $100 million in unique synergies. We are already reaping the benefits of the Coyote acquisition. In October, the UPS freight brokerage team transitioned to Coyote's world class order management platform, known as Bazooka. The migration went smoothly and customers tell us they are pleased with the results. Coyote will also play an expanded role by supporting our U.S. peak season operations this year. Speaking of peak, our plans include a multifaceted strategy. We are implementing selective pricing initiatives, adding new capacity that is aligned with customer needs and installing innovative technology solutions. In a moment, Alan Gershenhorn will provide further details on our peak plans. UPS is working closely with customers to ensure we have the operating plans in place that will provide excellent service at an appropriate cost. We expect peak season to provide great value to UPS customers and investors. I am encouraged by the progress we are making on our strategic initiatives and impressed by the dedicated efforts of our team. UPS-ers around the world are gearing up for an exciting holiday season and I want to thank them in advance for their efforts. Now I would turn it over to Alan.
Alan Gershenhorn: Thanks, David and I welcome the opportunity to update you on our global peak season plans and expectations. The growth of online shopping and returns continues to redefine peak season at UPS and this year between Thanksgiving and New Year's, we expect to complete about 10% more deliveries compared to the same period last year. And then on our planned peak day, December 22, we are scheduled to deliver about 36 million packages worldwide more, than twice a typical day. Now looking at the market, the National Retail Federation expects holiday retail sales to increase 3.7% and online sales are forecast to rise between 6% and 8%, similar to last year, but still very strong growth. As David just mentioned, we have broadened our strategy for peak this year and these actions are producing year-round benefits. And UPS focusing right now on three areas, both to improve customer experience and also the financial results of our business. We collaborating with customers to align our capacity with their needs. We are installing world-class technology solutions and we are also implementing selective pricing initiatives. Our first area of focus is to continue to deepen collaboration with customers by jointly developing operating plans that provide the capacity and service levels they expect. And to support our customers' need for flexibility, we will again employ our control tower this year. The primary goal is to optimize the network capacity by providing creative solutions to our customers' unique requests. This allows UPS to further say yes to our customers. In addition, customers have more options this year, including increased adoption of omni-channel distribution and the use of our expanded access point solution. In fact, about 60% of retailers will have an omni-channel strategy deployed this peak. At the same time, UPS will have 8,000 access point locations open in the US and more than 22,000 globally. And this December, 20 million UPS My Choice subscriber households around the world can link to the access point network for delivery solutions that will provide them even more market-leading choice, control and convenience. Looking at our second area of focus, all our constituents will benefit from several key technology and facility automation projects this year. New and updated hubs in the U.S. and Europe will increase sort capacity and reduce cost and we have a multiyear plan to modernize or replace all of our major sorting facilities. And on the road, our delivery dispatch will be even more efficient during peak with the acceleration of ORION. This year, 70% of our U.S. drivers will be utilizing this world-class dispatch technology, up from 45% last year. These technology advances allow us more flexibility to efficiently and effectively adapt to changing customer volume levels on a daily basis. Now finally, looking at pricing. Package sizes continue changing due to the e-commerce trends. As a result, we have adjusted prices to ensure they are aligned to the value of the services that we provide. For lightweight packages, as you know, earlier this year, we expanded dim weight charges for ground shipments. This change encourages our customers to optimize their packaging. At the same time, we have continued to see an increase of very large packages. These shipments require special handling and minimize the opportunities for automated processing. As a result, we have increased the surcharge for these packages. Ultimately, these changes provide an economic incentive for customers to enhance packaging and/or choose the appropriate UPS network. In summary, the UPS team is ready to provide customers around the world with world-class value and service during this upcoming holiday season and the steps we are taking will deliver year-round benefits for both UPS customers and our shareowners. Now I will turn it over to Richard.
Richard Peretz: Thanks, Alan and good morning. Our business units continue to execute well and our third quarter performance delivered solid operating results. Reported revenue was slightly low in the third quarter. Topline revenue growth was reduced by about $700 million as a result of the year-over-year currency and fuel surcharge changes. The International segment generated double digit profit growth for the third consecutive quarter of the year. And the U.S. Domestic and Supply Chain & Freight segments continue to perform as expected. Overall UPS generated earnings per share of $1.39, an increase of 5.3%. Let's move to the segment details. Starting with the U.S. Domestic business, where revenue increased 1.9%. Fuel surcharges lowered total reported revenue by about 250 basis points or $200 million. Strong base rates were offset by fuel surcharges and changes in product and customer mix. Average revenue per package was essentially flat to last year. Customers continue to choose our air services with elevated demand for deferred air products up over 13% and Next Day Air up 4%. In the U.S., ground volume slowed this quarter. Overall daily package volume increased slightly. The pace of B2C growth increased in the third quarter and offset the declines in B2B shipments. Additionally tough comparisons to last year combined with a softening macro environment have muted growth. Operating profit was in line with expectations, but down slightly to last year. Results were affected by higher pension expense and a slight drag from fuel. Operating margins came in at 14.2%. Let's move to the International segment. And we have some good news here. I am pleased to say our momentum continues. We set new highs in the third quarter operating profit increasing to more than 10%. These results demonstrate our ability to adapt in a shifting global economy. Revenue on a currency neutral basis was up 0.4%. In addition, fuel surcharges reduced growth by about 350 basis points. Base rates expanded their highest pace so far this year, reflecting the continuation of our yield improvement initiatives across the globe. Export daily packages increased 1.2% over last year. It was driven by two factors. First, we have worked to ensure we have the right packages in our network to increase operating leverage. Second, gains in European transborder and U.S. imports were offset by a further decline in U.S. and Asia exports. In our International Domestic business, shipments were down 3.4%, primarily due to slowing economic conditions in Canada and Germany. Also this quarter, we took some rate action on a few low yielding accounts in Europe. Turning to the Supply Chain & Freight segment. I will remind you that with the close of Coyote, we have included their revenue in the Forwarding & Logistics unit. Additionally, we have booked a charge about $20 million for transaction related costs. The freight forwarding unit continues to benefit from diversifying its customer base and improving revenue quality. Operating profit was higher and margin expanded as revenue and tonnage declined in the quarter. We are using a controlled growth strategy that is translating into improved profitability. A softening market and our decisions to pass on certain lower yielding contracts contributed to the change in tonnage. Revenue growth in the distribution unit was masked by the changing currency. The unit continues to invest in the future, expanding their industry specific solutions. Aerospace and healthcare expansions in 2015 contributed to the growth. UPS freight revenue was down 8.6% from the prior-year. Fuel surcharges contributed about 600 basis point of the decline. A combination of soft market demand and selective pricing actions resulted in the tonnage reduction but revenue per hundredweight increased slightly. Now let's turn to our cash flow. UPS continues to generate healthy free cash flow. In the first nine months, we have produce $4.6 billion after investing $1.7 billion of capital expenditures. In addition, UPS repurchased 20 million shares for approximately $2 billion and paid out another $1.9 billion in dividends, up 9% per share over last year. Looking at our tax rate. We recorded a few discrete tax adjustments that lowered the effective rate to 34% for the quarter. On an ongoing basis, we expect our tax rate to be 35.25% and that's due to the mix of U.S. and International profits. Now let's discuss our guidance. We expect earnings per share at the higher end of our full-year guidance of $5.05 to $5.30 per share. In fact, for the fourth quarter, we expect operating profits to increase at double-digit pace in all three of our business segments. In the U.S., we expect higher average daily volume growth in the fourth quarter to be around 4% to 5%. We anticipate fourth quarter operating profit will be at the highest growth rate of the year in the low double digits, supporting our guidance for full-year operating margin. International momentum will continue in the fourth quarter with operating profit growth at the high-end of the range. Currency and fuel surcharge will again weigh on top line reported revenue growth. Underlying base rates will remain strong. Looking at fourth quarter volume growth, it will be flat to last year. This is driven by the weakness in the global economy and the ongoing revenue management initiatives we have implemented. In Supply Chain & Freight, fourth quarter revenue is expected between 7% and 9%. The revenue actions we are taking in the forwarding unit will be outweighed by the addition of Coyote's revenue. Operating margin is expected to be about 8%. Before we open up for questions, I want to take a moment and summarize our current position. Our strong execution is generating positive momentum. We are managing our capital efficiently. We have experienced positive returns from our investments in additional capacity and capabilities producing strong free cash flow and at the same time, we have closed on our largest acquisition to-date. In addition, through three quarters we have returned over 100% of net income in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Going into the fourth quarter with three consecutive quarters of earnings per share growth and the peak preparation that Alan talked about this morning, we are confident in achieving our full-year 2015 guidance. That concludes our prepared remarks. Now I would ask the operator to open the lines. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good morning. I would like to just follow up on the outlook for a moment. Your EPS jumps from mid-single digits to the low-teens in the fourth quarter, if we take the top-end of your range. But you noted U.S. volume growth is going to be 4% to 5% next quarter after ground volume declined for the first time in 16 or 18 quarters or so. Can you maybe talk about what's in the expectation? What you see in the market? Is that just driven by B2C outpacing the B2B? Or do you expect a pickup in the company? Just want to understand what's built into our outlook.
Richard Peretz: Sure, Ken. Good morning. This is Richard. When we look at where our guidance is, we look at both internal and external factors and obviously we have a mixed bag in the economy with the negative IP the last quarter and it doesn't look that's changing going into the fourth quarter. However at the same time, you have B2C that looks like it's going to have a solid quarter. E-commerce is still expected to be strong. And then when you look internally, we look at what we are doing, the preparation. We are making all the right moves. We have made the adjustments in our operations to calibrate the expectations and what our customers are expecting. We are working with customers to ensure that the volume comes in on the tons we are expecting the days of the week and we have aligned our revenue and cost. And so when you put all those factors together, we expect that our bottom line growth will come and that our company performance in the last three quarters will continue into the fourth quarter.
Ken Hoexter: Thanks, Richard. I appreciate it.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. I wondered if you could comment a little bit on, I know you are asked about the fourth quarter, but just maybe a broader comment on how you see the economy developing? Like did it get weaker within third quarter? Or it was kind of just stable at a lower level in terms of B2B? And do you think that that's going to continue to deteriorate? Or is it just a little bit of lower level in terms of, I think there are a couple of different areas where you saw a bit of a change, so obviously, Domestic B2B and then International export, I know you had yield management, but I guess those were the two areas in LTL where it seemed like there was additional weakness in the economy. So maybe a little more commentary to understand how that developed in the outlook on that? Thank you.
David Abney: Okay. Good morning, Tom. This is David. And I am going to take the first part of this question and I will hand it over to Alan to talk a little bit from our customer base. But we have seen some softness in the U.S. economy and in the third quarter B2B faded a little bit and really we are just seeing mixed signals. And we are seeing growth from the consumer side. So B2B, especially online retail continues to outpace overall retail. But there is definitely softness in the manufacturing sectors. International production, as we talked about in the second quarter declined, in the third quarter we have seen acceleration of that decline. And we do estimate that IP is going to be negative in the fourth quarter. Part of that is the continued strength of the dollar certainly affecting exports and then there is just soft global demand, whether it be in China, Asia or wherever. So that's what we are seeing across the U.S. economy. Again, it's mixed. Alan, would you like to talk a little bit about the customer base?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. Thanks, David. I guess, first like Rich said, we are seeing continual improvement in the B2C. So quarter-over-quarter, first quarter to third-quarter, our B2C results continued to improve in terms of volume growth and that's even with some tough comps from last year on some SurePost wins in the third quarter. We are also seeing very positive growth in our air products, Next Day Air grew 4%, our deferred products are growing double-digit, again, despite tougher year-over-year comps. So we think on the B2c side, for peak season that we are sitting really well in terms of what the growth projections are and we are going to finish the year in line with the volume expectations we set out at the beginning of the year.
Tom Wadewitz: Thanks.
Operator: A question from the line of Ben Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Alan, maybe just continuing that point in the context of some of the weakness that you have seen domestically and globally during the third quarter. Domestic yields continued to be strongly. Obviously there is an effort here this year to recoup to drive yields higher. How confident are you that bias can continue, that we can continue to see strong yield growth, obviously not necessarily in the fourth quarter, but in 2016 if we do continue on this trajectory of soft economic growth domestically and globally?
Alan Gershenhorn: Well, let me just say that first, our rate change for 2016 is in line with what we have done historically as well as in line with the market. So while we have implemented dim weight this year and we will be lapping that next year. We are confident that the value that we are creating for our customers along with ensuring they understand why we need to increase those prices based on the value in the solutions we are providing for them that we are expecting some strong yield results in the fourth quarter and into 2016.
David Abney: And you know, we certainly have a focus on the yield. We have had all year, but just want to remind everyone that we are always looking for prudent balance between volume and yield. And of course the ultimate goal is to grow the long-term economic profit. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Tom Kim of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Tom Kim: Good morning and thanks for the time here. Now you have talked a lot about some very encouraging strategies around improving the peak season execution and the capacity and pricing initiatives are certainly well merited. I guess the one thing that wasn't entirely clear to me was your willingness to limit volumes around the peak season surge days. And I am wondering, to what extent are you going to walk away from business, should demand exceed your expectations and your customers? Thanks.
David Abney: Yes. So like last year, we are going to be beefing up our control tower for peak season [ph] and that control tower is going to allow us to work together with our customers that maximize the value we provide and reduce the total cost. So the bottom line is, the idea here is to optimize the network capacity and its going to allow UPS to say yes, more to our customers for the unplanned volume.
Operator: Our next question will be from David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Maybe David or Richard, as you think about the longer-term outlook on the Domestic margin side, obviously we have seen a little bit of pressure now. We saw a bunch of implication cost. It feels little bit of a headwind. How confident are you that that we are at a point where the productivity initiatives and the better market discipline or better pricing in the Domestic segment is going to allow you to put a floor into that Domestic margin and avoid any further margin compression over the next couple years?
Richard Peretz: David, this is Richard. I will take it and then in a minute I will turn it over to Myron to talk a little about what's going on. We are making the improvements that we guided when we spoke last November. We talked about a multiyear process and we are making those improvements in our operations and at the same time we are balancing the alignment of cost and revenue together. And as we have done that, we have got ORION with 70% of our drivers this peak and so that will continue into 2016. We have the multiyear hub update and replacement that we will be doing. So putting all altogether, we are right in the line with where we expected we would be right now and we are working to the same plan that we covered with you guys just about a year ago. With that, I will turn it over to Myron to talk a little about what's going on operationally right now.
Myron Gray: So this fourth quarter and moving forward, underlying factors to maintain good margin growth will be additional capacity, enhancing our customer experience and of course cost control. And I will start with cost control first. Richard just alluded to the continued deployment of technology in our field operations. And as he alluded to, we expect to have 70% of our drivers deployed on ORION this year and we will complete that by the end of 2016. And our progress to-date continues to show very good progress. We will also continue to modernize our hubs. We plan to fully automate our top Tier 1 hubs over the course of the next five years. And in addition to that, we will continue to deploy technology in our inside operations to help control cost as well. Alan has alluded to the deployment of access points. This year by the end of year we expect to have over 8,000 access points in the U.S., which helps us to improve delivery density, which also is a cost control measure, while at the same time enhance our customer experience. So we are very confident that moving forward we can continue to extract cost, improve the experience of our customers and have a good profit margin in the U.S.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hi. Good morning, everyone and thanks for taking my question here. So I want to come back to the fourth quarter because obviously there is a lot of implicit volatility built in here, just given the outcomes with peak. And David or Myron, I mean there is a lot of uncertainty heading into 4Q just with the economy and you even have some labor issues with your pilots. I know the Teamsters have talked about that as well. But let's just say that things are better or even worse, what's the flexibility on the cost structure right now with this peak season capacity? And are some of these things concerning where you are going to have flexibility to dial that back? Or is it pretty much locked-in at this point from a cost perspective?
Myron Gray: So Brandon, let me start with your first question first. We are confident the negotiations will be completed with our pilots without any disruption to our customers, just as it has been in the previous four negotiations with our pilots. UPS and IPA our still bargaining in good faith at the table under the direction of the National Mediation Board. In that vein, it is not possible for a strike without the NMB's permission. And even if they were to give permission, it would only be given after exhausting a lengthy series of safeguards. And the next round of negotiations are already scheduled in November and December. In regards to cost containment in the fourth quarter, we are certain that we can adjust the network and be flexible enough to take the cost out. For example, while we have added capacity of 6% across the network, we will have 35% fewer sort days than last year. Even though we will have 44 additional sorts, we are able to accomplish that by starting the sort much later in the season than a year ago. Last year, the workday that we have with Black Friday operations, we felt like that the delivery network was underutilized and we are making the needed adjustments there. Our purchase transportation expense should be considerably less than a year ago based on our acquisition of Coyote. So we are also going to have improved production with our drivers. We are tightening up our dispatch. We will bring helpers on at the same rate as we did last year, but we are bringing them on much later and we will extend our drivers day to reduce overtime.
David Abney: I would say, to just wrap up that question, we certainly have a good plan that we have worked on all year. We know there is going to be order books that are going to occur different conditions and we believe we have the flexibility to respond to those. Most of that flexibility is in this multipronged strategy that we have talked about. We have really been working hard with our customers collaborating. This control tower that you have heard us talk about is going to help us say yes and how to many customers on those last few days. So if we have customers that greatly exceed the amount of volume that they have committed to us, then we certainly would be willing to enforce cuts, but that's not our intention. Our intention is to work with customers on how we can move volume around and earlier days or take advantage of weekends. And then this increased technology that we keep adding is just going to give us a lot more flexibility, including our access points, putting ORION and the other things that you have talked about. The good thing about all of this is, it gives us year-round flexibility as well as helps us flex for peak. So we are confident that we have our plan and that we are going to execute to that point. Thank you.
Operator: Nate Brochmann of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Nate Brochmann: Hi. Yes. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I found it interesting that we saw the pickup in the air business and I am assuming part of that is that some of those B2C customers are needing increased service levels which might be a little bit of shift away from everybody just worrying about the lowest price point. I was wondering if you are seeing a real trend there? And if that's an opportunity then longer term to gain market share away from some other potential vendors that can't offer that kind of same level of service.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. Hi, Nate. Thanks for the question. This is Alan. Yes, we are in fact seeing strong growth in the Next Day Air and deferred products and it is driven largely by e-commerce and specifically in that area we believe we are gaining market share. And earlier, I think David, in his opening remarks, talked about the expansion of our time of day delivery commitments for Worldwide Express and we have done the same for Next Day Air and our Early A.M. and the Express Plus products and we have the leading coverage in the United States by time of day and certainly worldwide. And we are continuing to focus on being a leader in that area. Thanks.
Operator: A question from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to come back to some of the comments around peak and sort of the outlook for about 10% growth during the peak season, relative to Myron's comment about 6% capacity. I don't know if those are apples-to-apples sort of numbers but I just wanted to get a rough sense as to how you guys think about balancing that equation of growth relative to the existing capacity? I would have maybe expected those numbers to be a little bit closer but maybe there's something I am missing there. If you could give us some color that would be great.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. This is Alan. I will take the first part of that and I will turn it over to Myron to speak good specifically about capacity. You have got to remember that we have one more day than last year to spread that volume out a little bit. And as far as the growth goes, again on the B2C side business, we are experiencing quarter-over-quarter growth in that regard. So we are pretty confident with what the projections are for e-commerce sales in the market and what our customers are telling us that we are going to be seeing that 10% volume growth between Thanksgiving and New Year's Eve. Myron?
Myron Gray: So in addition to that, the 6% capacity is a network number, spanning our ground transportation as well as the air. So on the ground, we have concentrated 10 specific projects that encompass both automation, modernization or expansion of our facilities. We opened two brand new air sorts, one in Ontario, California, as well as one in Columbia, South Carolina. We added additional capacity in Dallas, Texas. If you will recall, last year we opened a brand new facility with 20,000 an hour capacity. That's since been expanded to 40,000 an hour. We modernized one of our hubs in Chicago, Illinois. In addition to that, when you look at WorldPort, where obviously is our air home, we have added additional capacity to increase our feeder only which is our long trailer unload capacity from 70,000 an hour to 100,000 an hour. And going back to Alan's opening statement, if you will recall, the retailers are expecting about 4% overall growth during the period. So we think we are fully covered.
Operator: Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Art Hatfield: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for my question. Just a quick question on the LTL segment. Can you elaborate on your comment about selective pricing initiatives? Is that you trying to push price higher within your book? Or are you seeing competitive actions by other people in the industry?
Myron Gray: We are seeing great action being taken by everyone in the industry, but specifically for UPS Freight, we have worked to shed some unprofitable customers all year long. So we will continue to do that by focusing on the small package market, specifically as working very diligently with Coyote.
Operator: Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good morning. With regard to dimensional weight pricing, could you please elaborate on what benefit or revenue contribution you expect this year and how it's going to contribute from your conversation in the peak season? And just as a follow-on there, you mentioned larger packages getting priced higher too. Is that having any effect on your capacity? Thanks.
Myron Gray: Yes. So we are still projecting our yields to be at the higher end of the 2% to 3%. We certainly came in that way in the third quarter. And we are expecting similar results for the remainder of the year. And it's really a combination of dim weight, the GRI and also selective pricing actions with customers. And certainly, we have noticed a uptick in the amount of large packages in our system and we are making sure that we are being compensated appropriately for the value that we are seeing with those packages.
Operator: A question from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys. So I want go back to just the fourth-quarter guidance. So if I look at low double-digit operating income growth in the U.S., that implies pretty flat sequential earnings, at least U.S. package earnings from third quarter to fourth quarter. So we typically see a lot better than that outside of the past two years. So I guess my question is, do you feel like there's conservatism in that low double-digit guidance? Or is it that even with the changes that we have made for peak this year, something has changed and we are not expecting to see much sequential improvement in earnings from 3Q to 4Q anymore?
Richard Peretz: Scott, this is Richard. And first of all, when you think about our fourth quarter number, there is growth in all three segments, as we talked earlier. I think in my talk, I said that there is going to be double-digit growth in profit for all three segments of our business. And part of that is because we spent the last year working and our peak plans that Myron talked about and David and Alan this morning, but in the third quarter we also talked a little about the economy and what was going on with it. And we still feel that peak season will be strong because of the growth of e-commerce and that's reflected in the guidance and the guidance does have the total company actually growing double-digit growth in profits for the fourth quarter as well. Thank you.
David Abney: Hi, Scott. It's David. When you talk about peak seasons of the past, you just have to remember that prior to this big growth in B2C e-commerce that our average peak day was increasing volume, somewhere around 50% over a typical day. Now with e-commerce, last year we approached 75% over. So the nature of the business has changed. We certainly see we are going to see big improvements over last year. But the relationship between third and fourth quarter has just migrated a little bit just over of this B2C growth. Thank you.
Operator: And Jeff Kauffman of Buckingham Research, please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much and congratulations. I want to follow up on Scott's question. Did I hear correctly that you said the package margins could be the strongest of the year in fourth quarter?
Myron Gray: No. What I actually said was that our profit level will be the highest in the year in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. So profit level. And then I just want to hit International margins. Now, normally the seasonal change is about 200, 250 basis points stronger fourth quarter versus third quarter on the International side which would imply a pretty big number on International margins. You did mention slowing in the global economy. Is it possible that you could be looking at kind of 18%, 19% margins on the International product? Or is there a reason why that normal seasonal margin difference would not happen?
Myron Gray: So Jeff, if you look across the year, we have actually had about the same margins all year and we don't expect that to change. You know, at the end of the day, we are balancing our strategy around revenue management and growing the business. With what's going on around the globe and the economy and it is changing a little bit, but that's not really changing where we think we will be. And at the end of the day, the fourth quarter, we expect to be at the high-end of the guidance for what we have given on International.
Jeff Kauffman: Okay. And the impact to Coyote on SCS in the fourth quarter, is that going to show more as a benefit to the SCS margins or is that going to show more as a benefit to the package margins as you are going to be using them as a capacity source for the holidays this year?
Joe Wilkins: Jeff, this is Joe. We are going to take jus the one question and then come back in. Okay?
Jeff Kauffman: Okay.
Joe Wilkins: Thanks. One other thing too, just while I cut in here. Just so you know, at 9:20 today, there is going to be a peak season press release that goes out that summarizes what Alan just said, just so you are aware of that during the call, if the press release, it's not anything new. It's just a summary. So we will go into the next question. Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Alex Vecchio of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Alex Vecchio: Hi there. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So there's obviously been increasing reports out there recently about Amazon and their efforts to develop their own full-blown transportation network. So maybe David or Myron, you don't have to comment on Amazon specifically, but can you maybe talk to how you see the parcel competitive landscape evolving over the next few years? And how do you make sure that you are guarding against the potential outcome where your customers might increasingly become competitors?
Alan Gershenhorn: This is Alan, Alex. Thanks for the question. Look, I think we have been successful because of our integrated network that creates the efficiencies and the value proposition. It's very difficult to match. And you have got to keep in mind, that that's from pickup through delivery, right, where we are almost making a million pickup today a day and obviously delivering millions of packages a day. And our customers are actually receiving the benefit of that scale efficiency of the integrated network. At the same time, we are cognizant of the competition out there as well as investing in new technologies to improve both service and efficiency. You are well aware of some of the things we are doing on the e-commerce side with UPS My Choice, UPS Access Point, UPS SurePost, UPS SurePost Redirect, our synchronized delivery service, i-parcel, so on and so forth. So we are continuing to monitor the space, but not only monitor the space, execute and continue to hone our offering to ensure it's the best in the business.
David Abney: So the key to us is really just focusing on value to our customers. We have unmatched capabilities and systems and people. And if we stay focused on taking care of the needs of our customers and on providing that value, then we don't have to worry nearly as much about what the competitors are doing, because we are listening to our customers and focusing on that value. Thank you.
Operator: Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry: Good morning. Thank you. I was wondering if you could talk about the recently announced third-party fees that are being imposed on retailers that are using the account of a larger entity to basically gain more favorable rates? Has this been an increasing trend you have seen amongst your smaller customer base over the last few years? And could you give us a sense of what percentage of your business that the surcharge applies to?
David Abney: Yes. Allison, first, it is increasing amongst the customer base and it's a very valuable service that's in high demand and we certainly want to continuing offering that service and expand it with customers that use it today. And really no one out there provides a better third-party pickup service than UPS from the planning, implementation and the execution. And for shippers, what it does is, it can be very significant to them in terms of inventory handling and transportation savings associated with the service, as well as an ability for them to offer a broader line of products to both businesses and households consumers. So that's what we are really looking at out there with the third-party billing service. Thanks.
Operator: Rob Salmon of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Salmon: H. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. If I could turn the discussion back a little bit to the cost side within the U.S. Domestic Package segment, clearly we have had two major changes as I am looking at the landscape. One is that rail services has improved quite a bit from a year ago and more so from two years ago and in addition you guys have got the now completed acquisition of Coyote. So if you could talk a little bit about what the optimal rail mix is as part of your purchase transportation network? What that looked like in 2013 and 2014? And provide some comments about how you see Coyote changing your truckload needs, whether it be from a pricing or from an optimal mix perspective for UPS? Thanks.
David Abney: Okay. Thank you. First, I would say that when you start talking about, especially 2013, a little bit of 2014, our balance between rail and road did had to change and it had to change because the rails had serious operating problems. Part of it was too much volume, part of it was infrastructure. And we have always valued on the service that we can give our customers. That service started being threatened a little bit with the rail difficulties. So we put more on the road. And now we have seen that the rails have improved and they can provide the service that we need and when they do that, it makes it easier to put some of that business on the rails. And also with this acquisition that we just completed, that's one of the areas that Coyote can help us on, especially during peak when it comes to putting additional loads on the road. That's something that they can provide and help us decide the best company to use, the best agent, the best way to backfill. So we think it's one of the real value points that that they are bringing and it's one of the key synergy areas when we decided to do the deal. And the Coyote acquisition is going very well. It's according to plan. Our customers and employees are reacting very positive and we do believe they are going to help us make a difference during peak of this year. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross: Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. I wanted to talk about the Forwarding segment for a second. In the last call you mentioned the Trans-Pac airfreight market was pretty good and you saw some favorable buy rates. Did you see those buy rates remain in 3Q? And any commentary you can give around just Trans-Pac airfreight volumes would be great? Thank you.
Jim Barber: Okay. David, it's Jim. A couple things, I guess, the quarter we just finished and kind of looking forward at the same time. What we saw in the third quarter was really just an expansion of the supply in the market. We saw it collectively globally going up about 4%. Demand is not keeping pace for that. Hence the market conditions that you just referenced. If you move into the fourth quarter, what we see is, it really depends on the lanes you are talking about. APAC to the U.S., we think will be strong. APAC to Europe, not so. Middle East will be strong. It certainly depends on the mix of the freight and where you have it relative to the question about supply and demand. But obviously the forwarding numbers for the third quarter as a business were very strong relative to our strategy. We will continue that in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Yes. Thanks for taking my question here. A lot of questions on peak but looking beyond the peak into 2016, what critical variables are out there that could put you above or below your longer-term expected EPS growth rate of 9% to 13%? And generally speaking from where we sit today, do you think this range is going to be appropriate for next year?
Richard Peretz: Sure and this is Richard. When we look at our guidance and when we set our guidance for this year and last year when we talked about five years, the variables are obviously the economy and what's happening externally in the economy and at the same time, that's why there is a the range. At this point, given everything we are doing internally to create network efficiencies and manage and ensure that our cost and revenues are aligned properly as we see a structural change in some of the volume mix, we think the range is appropriate. We expect it will continue. And next quarter we will talk about 2016.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Barnes: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just with your commentary around the global outlook and some softness domestically and I recognize that the assets you are investing in are long-lived assets, but can you just talk a little bit about how you are balancing maybe the capital spending going forward based on what you are seeing? You have talked about the $1 billion of potential investment in Europe and just some of those dollars and how they are allocated given what you are painting as a pretty soft backdrop? Thanks.
Richard Peretz: Sure. John, this is Richard again. When we think about our investments, we are not thinking about what's happening in the next six months, but it's really what's going to happen for the next 10 years. And we are investing to continue to grow this business in the long term. And so when we are thinking about those assets, are they slight tweaks, yes. Year-to-year, we might make some decisions that are more ad hoc, but for the most part, it's a longer-term process. We started the year, I think closer to $3 billion as CapEx and I think right now we think it's closer to $2.8 billion for the year. That's a slight change, but that's not changing our reinvestment in automated buildings and making the network as efficient as possible because as we do that, we also bring down our operating costs. And so that helps our value proposition to our customers and we think that in the long run we will continue to keep investing to make sure that this business keeps growing strong and fast as we can get it to grow.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie, followed by closing remarks from the panel. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty: Good morning, guys. Thanks. Obviously Europe has been pretty strong for you guys. So I just wanted to talk about how you think about growth in Europe assuming FedEx, TNT goes ahead as expected? Does it change your game plan at all? Or maybe perhaps open up some additional opportunities for share gains between now and then? And then if you could comment maybe on what the pricing environment looks like in Europe? Obviously it's pretty stable in the U.S. but you hear at least some pockets of it maybe not being quite as rational over in Europe.
David Abney: Okay. This is David. We have been in Europe almost 40 years and we continue see great opportunity there and we have been growing our business at a rapid rate and we continue to believe we will do so. Nothing has changed our strategy to invest and to grow and to grow at a pace exceeding the market rate. So yes, we are investing more than $2 billion in Europe which we announced last year and we are executing on that strategy. It's a lot about adding capacity. It's about modernizing our buildings. It's about implementing technology. All of the things that you would do if you got a very growing vibrant business. So we feel very comfortable about Europe. Jim, you want to follow up on a couple of things?
Jim Barber: I think two points worth mentioning, Kelly. First, if you have seen the quarter, we just came through internationally, you saw the volume was down a little bit, but the revenue, when you clean it up for currency and fuel was up 3.8%. So that really speaks to the pricing environment and the rationality as far as we go to market. Obviously we have to do that in a competitive landscape, but we feel like we are doing that pretty well. And the other comment worth mentioning is, this quarter we just finished, you saw our strongest yield improvement in our Domestic product in over two years. So those two points for us tend to point to a market that we believe is really kind of in a balance growth market, but we believe we have to strike the right price to go to market and we will continue to do that. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. On behalf of today's panel, we would like to thank you for your participation in today's call. Thank you.
Joe Wilkins: Steven?
Operator: Yes, sir.
Joe Wilkins: We are going to have closing comments by David Abney.
Operator: All right. Please go ahead. Mr. Abney.
Joe Wilkins: Thanks. David?
David Abney: Okay. Well, first I would like to thank everyone for their interest in our company and for your questions. I just would like to emphasize that again this time our quarter was in line with our expectations. We felt good. This was a solid quarter. Year-to-date, all three quarters so far have been in line and we have either met or exceeded expectations. That momentum gives us confidence in peak season. We have good plans. We have the people to execute those plans and we have the discipline to do that. And once we do all those three things, then we will see a successful peak season and a successful fourth quarter. I would like to thank our people in advance, because I know they are going to make that happen and just look forward to the call in February. Thank you very much.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Wilkins - Investor Relations Officer David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP James Jay Barber, Jr. - President, UPS International Myron A. Gray - President-US Operations & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kenneth Scott Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets LLC Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc. Jeff A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Brandon Robert Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc. Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Kelly A. Dougherty - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co. Matt Troy - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise, and after the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note we will take only one question from each participant to accommodate more analysts during the call. Thank you for your cooperation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Joe Wilkins, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Joe Wilkins - Investor Relations Officer: Good morning, and welcome to the UPS second quarter 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Richard Peretz, our CFO; along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2014 Form 10-K and 2015 10-Qs. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. As a reminder, in the second quarter last year UPS completed the transfer of post-retirement liabilities for certain Teamster employees to defined contribution Healthcare plans. As a result, the company recorded an after-tax charge of $665 million, reducing second quarter 2014 diluted earnings per share by $0.72. In our remarks today, all quarterly and full-year comments and comparisons will refer to 2014 adjusted results. In addition, we will discuss UPS' free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The webcast of today's call along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. And just as a reminder, please ask only one question, so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thanks for your cooperation. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to David.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone and welcome. We're pleased to share results of another solid quarter and I want to thank the UPS team for their efforts. This is the second consecutive quarter of double-digit EPS growth, which demonstrates we are successfully executing and generating improved performance. UPS grew operating profits and expanded margins across all three segments. In the U.S., we remain focused on growing the business, effective revenue management and delivering operational improvements. Although, the economy slowed somewhat we made progress on executing our plan. Our International segment continues to have positive momentum with our operating profit, up more than 17% primarily led by strong results in Europe. Our ongoing investments and integrated operating model are driving increased customer demand around the world. Our Supply Chain & Freight segment also had a solid increase in operating profit. The result was led by Forwarding as it continues to pursue a disciplined pricing strategy across key trade lanes. Clearly, we're making good progress this year. We're highly focused on executing our strategy to create unmatched value for UPS customers and UPS shareholders. We will accomplish this by continuing to build on the strategies guiding our business. They are: expanding our network capacity; improving operational efficiency; focusing on high-growth markets; and delivering industry-specific solutions. In the area of expanded network capacity, we made key announcements during the quarter. In Germany, we doubled the capacity of the UPS hub in Nuremberg. This automated facility is ideally situated to link Eastern and Western European trade lanes. We announced an expansion of UPS Worldwide Express Freight service, adding five emerging markets in Latin America and three in Europe. This guaranteed services designed for urgent, high-value and heavyweight international shipments. In another high-growth market, UPS implemented several enhancements throughout Asia to improve service coverage and network speed. The moves accelerated intra-Asia transit times by up to one full day connecting 41 key markets. These improvements will position UPS to further capitalize on the fast-growing intra-Asia marketplace. We continued to make good progress expanding UPS industry-specific solutions. To broaden our global Healthcare network, we announced two new facilities in the Netherlands. These new sites add capacity and simplify customer access to our global distribution network. We also opened an automated distribution facility for Pratt & Whitney in New Hampshire. This facility is a great example of how we collaborate with Aerospace companies by offering specialized solutions that provide them with competitive advantages, while these investments help UPS grow strategic acquisitions, speed the implementation of new capabilities across our global network. In fact, UPS Capital recently acquired two specialized high-value logistics companies, Parcel Pro and IPS. They enhance our global small package network for secure shipment and insurance solutions for high-value goods in Europe, Asia and the U.S. Another great example of acquiring capabilities in one region and implementing them globally is our purchase of Kiala, which we have referenced in the past. We've refined and improved this unique e-commerce delivery solution and launched it globally as the UPS Access Point. In the U.S., we had very positive results in five initial markets. Today, I'm excited to announce we are accelerating the rollout of this delivery option to more than 100 U.S. cities. By year-end, we'll have more than 8,000 locations in the U.S. and more than 22,000 globally. The UPS Access Points location provide a convenient and secure alternative to home delivery in order to enhance the e-commerce delivery experience for consumers. This is an important part of our strategy to offer unique customer solutions and improve e-commerce profitability. Before I turn it over to Richard, I would like to applaud the passage of the U.S. Trade Promotion Authority bill. TPA will help facilitate trade agreements that provide growth opportunities for UPS and our customers. We all know that trade is vital to the U.S. economy, supporting global growth and spurring job creation. I understand the negotiators are making headway on the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement. We urge them to resolve final outstanding differences and for the U.S. Congress to approve the agreement. We also encourage negotiators to make progress on TTIP, another critical agreement that will enable international trade. To summarize, I'm pleased to say that we're on track with our earnings growth and pace of investment. Based on our recent performance, we fully expect to attain the higher end of our guidance range. Our progress to-date, especially in the International segment, makes us confident in our strategic direction and four-year plan. Richard will now take you through the details.
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Thanks, David, and good morning. I'm glad you could all join us this morning. It's great to speak with you on my first official earnings call. I've had the opportunity to meet many of you, the analysts and investors, who know our company so well. Those meetings gave me a better appreciation for the market perspective on UPS as an investment. I heard the importance of execution in the current business model as well is looking for future opportunities to grow this business and create value. Your open and honest feedback is appreciated by me and it will be useful as we move this great company forward. Now, let's turn to the second quarter results. UPS delivered better-than-expected results. The International continues to show strong momentum with key initiatives around the world contributing to our success, especially in Europe. The U.S. Domestic business is on track with its revenue management and efficiency gains; however, we are seeing some softening in the economy. Our Supply Chain & Freight results were lifted by improvements in the Forwarding unit. Market pricing and customer mix drove better-than-expected results. Together the segments produced earnings per share growth of 12%. Turning our attention more specifically to the U.S. Domestic segment, where operating profits increased to $1.2 billion. The operating margin expanded to 13.6% as a result of the pricing initiatives and productivity improvements from technology implementations such as ORION that we've talked about in the past. Packages per day were up 1.8%, driven by a 15% increase in Deferred Air products and UPS SurePost growth of over 8%. On the other hand, total average daily volume comparisons were lowered by 50 basis points versus last year due to a second quarter benefit in 2014 for a large catalog shipment. This year, UPS experienced balanced commercial and residential growth. The pace of B2C expansion continued slowing, while B2B gains were due to omni-channel and return services in the retail sector. Reported yields were flat with last year as solid base rate increases were offset by the product mix changes and more importantly, about a 300 basis point decline in fuel surcharge revenues. Turning to International, and this is where the segment set a new high in second quarter operating profit, our profit rising more than 17%. Our results are due to a balanced approach, a balance of export shipment growth, network efficiency gains and a strong focus on revenue management initiatives. These areas also drove significant expansion of our operating margin, but keep in mind, it was magnified by the weakening of the non-U.S. currencies. Looking at the top line in this segment, International revenue adjusted for currency increased 1.5% over the prior year. I've received a lot of positive feedback on the transparency of the new currency schedules we added last quarter. We kept the schedules that showed the impact of currency changes on our reported revenue. Revenue management initiatives have boosted base rates across the globe. However, there is about a 350 basis point headwind due to lower fuel surcharges in 2015. Looking at yields, there is some impact on shift of products as reported revenue per piece on a currency adjusted basis decreased 2.4%. Although the biggest impact to reported yields is due to fuel surcharges, if we factor out fuel, revenue per piece was slightly positive. The International success is due to robust export volume growth that remains strong at 5.5% growth driven by an intra-Europe shipment growth of over 8.5%. The strength of the U.S. dollar contributed to greater U.S. import shipments primarily from Europe, while exports out of the U.S. were down slightly as the dollar increased in value. Looking at the Supply Chain & Freight segment, operating profit jumped 18% to $207 million and margins expanded to over 9%, driven primarily by the improvements in the Forwarding unit. The Forwarding unit is executing a disciplined revenue management strategy focused on profitable trade lane growth. As a result, revenue declined as certain lower yielding contracts were not renewed. Market conditions in the International Air Freight business allowed the unit to capitalize as buy rates dropped quickly, providing improved pricing spreads during the quarter. Operating profit increased and margin expanded to high-single digits. The distribution unit continues to expand its industry-specific solutions in order to win more and win faster, opening new facilities around the world like the ones David mentioned earlier. Revenue growth was led by Mail Services, Healthcare and Aerospace gains. UPS Freight revenue declined 2.5%, primarily due to lower fuel surcharges and a drop in the LTL tonnage. Pricing discipline in the unit was evident as we saw LTL revenue per hundredweight increase 1.4%. Now let's turn and talk about our cash position. For the six months ended June 30, UPS generated $3.3 billion of free cash flow, after reinvesting in the business with capital expenditures of about $1 billion. In terms of shareholder distributions so far this year, UPS has paid $1.3 billion in dividends, an increase of 9% per share. We've also repurchased more than 13.5 million shares for just under $1.4 billion. Note that our second quarter tax rate decreased to 34.5%, primarily due to a one-time tax credit. Now let's turn and discuss our guidance for the rest of the year. Total company first-half results came in a little better than anticipated, primarily due to the improved International performance. As we previously guided, third-quarter earnings per share is expected to be up modestly due to tough comparisons with the same period last year. Earnings per share growth in the fourth quarter should be slightly above our guidance range. Now let's turn and talk about the individual units. In the U.S., we expect Domestic volume to increase between 2% and 3%, as a result of the slowing pace of growth in the economy. Revenue should grow at a slightly faster pace as base rate pricing remains strong. However, lower fuel surcharges will continue to weigh on the reported yields. U.S. Domestic operating profit in the third quarter should be flat with last year. It's due to the tough comparisons created by lower workers' compensation cost in 2014. Fourth quarter operating profit is anticipated to grow in the low-double digits. Full-year operating guidance remains unchanged at 5% to 9%. In the International segment, we expect to see positive momentum continue in the second half of the year with operating profits at the high end of our 6% to 12% range. Revenue growth in International will continue to be challenged by currency changes and lower fuel surcharge revenues. We are confident of the International guidance, because of our balanced approach of growing the business, creating network efficiencies and strong revenue management initiatives we have implemented. In Supply Chain & Freight groups, second-half operating margins are predicted to continue to be around 9%. Top line growth will be muted in Supply Chain & Freight as the Forwarding unit continues to implement their initiatives and change their customer mix. To summarize the quarter's results, positive progress is being made across all segments of our business. All segments improved profitability and margins. The investments we are making in new capacity and capabilities are starting to pay dividends. We are successfully executing our strategy today, while we continue to identify both organic and new accretive growth opportunities for the future. The confidence we have in meeting those objectives is demonstrated by our move to the higher end of the guidance. Thank you. Now, I'll ask the operator to open the line. Operator?
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Yeah. Good morning, everyone and thanks for taking the question. I'm just wanting to talk a little bit on the domestic side with the comments of things slowing a little bit. One, is that relative to just expectations for the start of the year or is something really going on currently? And how do you disassociate that from whether any of your other customers might be doing a little bit more themselves and if that's taken an impact? And if indeed you believe that slowness to continue for the year, will that hurt any of your expectations going into peak season in terms of the benefits on profitability, particularly expectations for greater route density both real and synthetic?
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. This is David. That is a heck of a question. And I will start the answer and then I'll hand it over to Alan. He can talk a little bit about it from a customer standpoint. But to get to the economy, recent economic news has just been mixed and it's caused us to be cautious. The continued strength of the U.S. dollar and I think this impending rate hike by the Fed appears to be holding back some U.S. growth. If you just look at in January, the GDP forecast we thought was going to be about 3.1%. Now, the thinking in July is about 2.3%, so let's say, a pretty significant decrease. Retail has been uneven and we saw it soften a little bit in June. And so, that's the reason that we're cautious. Obviously, we had a good first quarter, a good second quarter, but a little bit cautious about the U.S. economy. Alan, you want to talk a little bit about it from a customer standpoint?
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah, Nate, a couple of things to keep in mind. Remember back in the second quarter of 2014, we've got some tough comps. We had some of our best Ground growth in 2014 for the second quarter, up above 8% growth. So, when you look at the two-year growth comparison, we're up about 9% versus 2Q 2013. Also, we had a very large catalog shipment last year that was about a 50 basis point positive impact on the second quarter last year. While the overall growth issue was just shy of 2%, we've had some really strong Deferred Air growth at 14% and even with lapping some 60% year-over-year growth on SurePost, for the first half of 2014 we still had excellent SurePost growth at 8%. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Yes, good morning. Wanted to ask you on the pricing side and just I guess a question on how that came through in the numbers for Ground yield. I know there was fuel surcharge impact, but if I look at Ground yields were up about 1%, 1.1% in second quarter, they were up 3.1% in first quarter. So, I don't know if you could give some color on why there is that deceleration and if the core price still looks pretty strong? And then in terms of any thoughts on peak season surcharge whether that's likely at this point or whether we should be cautious on our view on that? So, on the broader pricing front? Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. So, on the Ground you can see the RPP showing plus a little over 1%. And what you've got there is a fuel surcharge drag of a couple of hundred basis points that's putting a drag on that as well as the large customer versus small customer mix. And obviously, we're growing our SurePost faster than our Ground residential. And then you've also got the omni-channel there, where we've got some shorter zone. But, on the base rates, we are absolutely at the high-end of the 2% to 3% range and our tactics of creating value for customers along with the revenue management associated with the GRI, dim weight and other value-added asset stories are all working. And we're obviously very, very pleased with the yield. As far as peak goes, we're certainly focused on improving the residential profitability year-around. And like I said, we're at the higher end there, the 2% to 3%. And that's going to have an impact on residential and peak. And we are going to continue to address peak on a customer-by-customer basis, really understanding what their needs are, the value of the solutions and market conditions and price them accordingly.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Ben Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes, thanks. Maybe, Richard, this is probably directed to you since this is the first time at the helm for you at the call. On the heels of some of the recent industry news speculation with regard to your acquisition strategy, specifically targeting a large truck broker, I won't ask you to comment on that specifically; but maybe generally speaking, can you provide some context to your perspective on how you view the business from an acquisition standpoint? What are some targets or goals and really how do you view your industry-leading return on invested capital? And could your focus change a little bit to broaden the scale or opportunities as it relates to acquisitions going forward, some perspective there would be helpful?
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Ben, this is David. I'll take the first part of that question. And as you accurately predicted, I'll turn it over to Richard. But really, first, when it comes to any rumors that may be out there, obviously, we can't respond to rumors as you know, and UPS does not discuss M&A activities just due to confidentiality and competitive reasons. But, getting back to the more general understanding of what we are looking for, it's really in three different areas. First is, what are new opportunities that would allow us to expand our portfolio and allow us to give additional value to our customers? We also look at geography, are there certain geographies that could strengthen our offering? And then third, we look at what capability does our network presently need that we don't have? And where there's an adjacent industry or whether it's a different service offering. So, that's in general, the way that we look at it. Richard, do you want to talk a little bit about the ROIC and our expectations?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure. So, when we think about the acquisitions, we look at not only how the business stands alone, but also as we integrate into our business what it does? And so, obviously, over time what happens with our acquisitions is that the ROIC becomes closer to the characteristics of the UPS ROIC as it expands the capabilities David talked about. And such as Kiala, where it started out as a standalone with a very small ROIC, and now its value to the UPS network is much greater. So, we look at it is growing it into the UPS network, also increases and is important to the acquisition  it takes on the attributes of our financial discipline as well. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning and thanks for your time. Congrats on the quarter. I wanted to, obviously, we appreciate your confidence guiding toward the higher end of the range. It certainly seems that you're bucking the trends on global Air Freight trends; and frankly, indicators that we've been looking at had been deteriorating, so it's great to see you guys outperform there. And I know we've talked previously about how Europe is driving all of that. My question is around China. As you know, concerns around to that market have only increased recently with a market selloff. And as I think about your business, I believe, it's predominantly exposed to China exports and if that's fair, I'd certainly love to hear that affirmation. But, I am wondering to what extent you can provide color around your exposure to China imports and the domestic market, which obviously would be more impacted by a slower China. Thank you.
James Jay Barber, Jr. - President, UPS International: Tom, this is Jim. I'll pick that one up. I think, obviously, the last couple of days in the market have been unique, to say the least. I think we look at that, though, as really more of a domestic phenomenon as opposed to really aligning to our business. We still are firmly in the export-import business in China. Most recently, we're up about 5% to 6%, we continue to focus on the middle market. And so, we continue to be in China for the long-term. So, really those factors that are going on as they moved to more of a domestic GDP consumption, we have to keep an eye on it, but our business is aligned to grow almost regardless of that through the import-export and the Supply Chain and Forwarding business. So, that's the kind of what we look at it right now.
Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Scott Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. Can you dig into the comments on the slowing B2C just a little bit, maybe flesh that out? Or is that a slowing overall market? Are you losing volumes to other modes? And I guess if you compound that with your thoughts on a slowing economy, do you now need to get out ahead of this and I don't know, cut costs, eliminate trade lanes, lower CapEx, is there anything you need to react at this point? But, I guess, primarily thoughts on the commentary around the slowing B2C? Thanks.
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah, Ken, hey. This is Alan. I'll take that. We're certainly, we're about where we thought we would be. We think the economy was certainly slower for sure. The B2C pace, I think the secular trends are still in place; although, it is slow again, you've got to remember we had those tough comps from last year. I'd also say that, on the B2B side as a demonstration of e-commerce, the omni-channel and the returns are still very, very strong.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is David. Alan talked about the tough comps. You just have to look back and if you look at two years ago and compare what our volume is today, you actually see an increase of 9%. It's just that when you compare them to the comps of last year that you get a little bit different perspective. So, good question. Thank you. And, operator, we're ready for the next question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you and congratulations on a nice quarter, gentlemen. You've talked about UPS Forwarding benefiting from improved market conditions and customer mix. Maybe could you expand a little bit more upon the improved market conditions commentary? Is that more of a function of better buy rates? Or is that in conjunction with maybe a pickup in volume? Just maybe a little more color around those improved market conditions you're seeing in Forwarding. Thank you.
James Jay Barber, Jr. - President, UPS International: Okay, Kevin. It's Jim. So, first let me start with the overall Forwarding results are really balanced. I'll get to the IAS specific in a second. But, when you look at the North America Freight network, ocean brokerage, NIF, they all had really solid quarters for us. We've told you guys back in 2014, we'd come into this with a very focused go-to-market strategy of the right tonnage, the right customers, and our balanced network. We did that. With specifics to the market right now, what's going on is from the way we see it, we got about 12% more capacity in the market than we thought. What that does is drop, obviously, the buy rates and it opens it up a bit. We think that will last about three more months, maybe two-and-a-half months as we come up into the retail peak season. At that point, we'll continue to adjust, but we did get some tailwinds. I would say, the majority of the results are really kind of because of the right focus, the right customers and the right tonnage in the network, the balance of that is some tailwinds on the market.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
J. David Scott Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys and thanks for taking a question. So, if we look at the leverage that UPS is getting in International, can you help us to understand what's driving the upside? I'm specifically trying to figure out, if it's the benefits from maybe better profitability in the longer haul, sort of cross-ocean package business? Or maybe you guys are just getting a lot more leverage on the high rates of intra-European growth than maybe would have expected? Just trying to sort of look at it from the inside out. Are you getting better growth out of the cross-ocean business or more intra-European?
James Jay Barber, Jr. - President, UPS International: Yes. I'll start with that. So, let me just say this. We talk a lot about Europe, but we also over the last year-and-a-half have really done some good work in Asia as well, largely around our intra-Asia network. David made some of those references in the opening comments. But, we really had to kind of get that intra-Asia network built up, after we built it to the right place and the team's done a great job. Europe continues to do very well. So, really, the Asia-Pacific that has intra-Asia and the trunks back to Europe and U.S. are performing very nicely. Europe, as we've said, it's about a balanced mix of product mix, yield mix, and then cost management on the back of the capital that we've talked about and putting an extra $1 billion of capital into that part of the UPS network. So, it's really a combination of those two. And then, I would say, at the same time, I would ask you not to lose sight of, as these results come out, we're also taking advantage of actually investing in emerging markets and continuing to expand as we said in opening comments, in some of the other capabilities. So, we're kind of blending it all together and that's kind of what you see in the bottom line results.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know, we do have, we do see a lot of strong momentum in our International business. And one of the key factors is definitely the pan-European network that we put in place maybe a few years before its time, before the market started shifting to a pan-European inventory replacement model. And now that that transition is happening, we've just got the right network in the right place, at the right time. And Jim and his team's just doing an excellent job with it. Thank you. And next question, please, operator?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could discuss the impact of fuel and lower buy rates in the Forwarding division that you saw on the purchase transportation expense line item. It looked like there was a more pronounced sequential decline as a percent of sales than the historical average. So, any color that you could provide with respect to this and maybe how to think about it going forward. Thank you.
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: So, I think I'll start by talking about the impact of fuel in total and then I'll turn it over to Jim to talk a little bit about the Forwarding group specifically. When we look at the total company and adjust for fuel, we're talking about a growth rate of about 1.5% versus what's reported. So, fuel this quarter had the biggest year-over-year change that we expect or that we've had in 2015. So, because of the large 300 basis points in Ground and 350 basis point difference in Air, it had a big impact on reported revenue and you see that in the revenue number. In fact, it's worth mentioning that we're pretty happy with where our revenue growth has been, but it's being masked by both fuel and currency. Those two combined would take revenue growth to almost 4%. So, there's something around the neighborhood of $700 million difference in reported revenue versus the commodities. Jim, why don't you talk about the Forwarding?
James Jay Barber, Jr. - President, UPS International: Yeah, Allison, the only thing I would remind you and come on the back of that was what I just mentioned a minute ago, and that is that we come at this with a very targeted approach. Last year, we grew effectively tonnage almost double-digits quarter-over-quarter-over-quarter, which obviously hits the top line. This one has been much more muted. It's about flat tonnage, year-over-year. But the product mix and the tonnage we're bringing in, you can see how it affects the bottom line as well. And as I said, or we talked about, that buy rate, we figure is down about 7% where we thought it would be coming into the year. That translates also to the bottom line and I've spoken how we see that going forward. So, that's kind of how we manage the results.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to touch a little bit on the guidance, specifically around the fourth quarter as you expect sort of a bit of a ramp back up to low-double digits on the domestic side. I guess when you think about sort of e-commerce customers and preparing for the peak season, you have about four months to go. I guess, how far through the process are you in terms of talking to customers, getting them prepared for what they might need to do from both an operational perspective as well as sort of a pricing perspective, as you're at this point in the game? I just want to get a sense of sort of how far you are through that process, maybe what else needs to be done as you go through the next four months in advance of peak? Thank you.
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. This is Alan. Our peak season planning for 2015 started right after peak 2014. So, we've been having discussions with our customers on the solutions that we need to put in place, the capacity planning, the visibility we need, the forecasting, and so on and so forth. So, this is an ongoing process that happens throughout the year. We don't discuss the individual customer pricing, but we do have comprehensive peak pricing initiatives underway to increase revenue from the customers that surge and ultimately drive significantly greater cost at peak. And this solutioning and pricing is really separate and distinct from our year-around revenue management and solutioning. And it's helping us better align our revenue with our cost. And now maybe, Myron, you want to talk a little bit about what we're doing on the operations side?
Myron A. Gray - President-US Operations & Senior Vice President: So, Chris, this is Myron. We're certainly on plan as it pertains to operations. Earlier Alan alluded to Access Points, so we're going to deploy them in over 100 cities and we'll have over 8,000 Access Points by the end of the year. It's a win for the customer, for the companies, and certainly for UPS as we'll be able to drive delivery density. Along with that, we'll continue to deploy operational technology at a faster pace. We'll have over 70% of our drivers deployed on ORION by the end of year. There are 10 projects that we certainly are addressing that either allude to hub modernization, automation or expanded capacity. And our flow-through at the end of peak season will be enhanced by over 6%. And then we're also going to, as I've alluded to before, tighten up operations. We'll extend our drivers' delivery day a bit and will not use as many drivers as we've used in the past to lower our costs. So, we're on plan and we're pleased with where we are today.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is David. Everyone in our organization is focused on making sure that we have a good peak for investors, customers, and employees. And we absolutely felt like that we're on track and where we need to be at this time. And we're focused on where we need to go between now and peak. So, thank you for the question.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, thank you. Hey, just to follow-up on that, I mean, you mentioned capacity planning, I know last year you made a concerted effort to over-resource the network for a period of time to ensure the service kind of came through. How do you balance the capacity planning with some of the comments you've just made on maybe seeing some slowing in B2C, some signs that may be the economy is a little softer, retail has obviously been a mixed message? How are you walking through this process of kind of figuring out that capacity planning, resource planning when you've got this backdrop that maybe is a little softer than you anticipated?
Myron A. Gray - President-US Operations & Senior Vice President: So, as Alan alluded to earlier, we've been collaborating with our customers since the beginning of the year and this is much even earlier than what we've done in the past. So, we're certainly going to stay close to what their projections are and we'll flex the system based on what we believe the volume pinch points may be. I also alluded to the projects that we have in place this year to expand capacity and if you'll remember last year, our pinch points were network-related and not delivery-related. So, we'll flex our drivers based on the capacity that we see and we believe that these expansion and capacity projects that we have in place will improve our flow through to the point that we can control our costs. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could comment on the competitive landscape in the U.S. Ground segment. Given the Postal Service wants to become a bigger player with some of the larger e-commerce shippers and you're seeing certainly a more competitive dynamic among the regional players out there, what are you seeing as you try to implement these above-trend pricing increases? And are you seeing any disruptors in the marketplace given a more sluggish domestic economy?
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. The U.S. market has always been competitive, but I would tell you that where we're seeing the growth right now in the e-commerce area, nobody has a better solution out there than UPS with our e-commerce ecosystem, whether it's omni-channel or synchronized delivery solutions, returns, our SurePost and SurePost Redirect, UPS My Choice, UPS Access Point that Myron talked about. So, we're real confident in our ability to achieve our plans from both a top and bottom-line perspective.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And one of the reasons that we're so confident, and this is David, is that the unique solutions that we continue to focus on that are going to help us not only during peak season, but throughout the year to remain competitive and to provide the value to our customers that are looking for Access Points, I think, is a great example that we get the benefits during the year. And this is something that started on an acquisition that we did a few years ago in Europe and now we're implementing it across the U.S. in over 100 cities. And these Access Points combined with UPS My Choice just gives us a real differentiator to offer the marketplace. So, thank you for the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you. Thank you very much. A lot of my questions have been answered so let me follow-up more on the investment side. You're now rolling out Access Point, you had accelerated ORION, you're seeing a little bit of a softer patch domestically on the retail side. Have you given any thought to the capital spending for the next one to two years?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Jeff, this is Richard, thanks for the question. You know when we think about investing in our network, we think about the long-term benefits and we think it's important that we continue to manage this network and the highly integrated parts of the network for the long term. And so, as we look at what's happening with volume, there might be little tweaks; but overall, we're adding capabilities and enhancements that are going to help our customers for the long term. Thank you.
Jeff A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks very much. Over in the Supply Chain & Freight category, I'm just curious, could you elaborate a little bit on the Mail Services with distribution. And then as a follow-up, just Freight pricing in Freight if there's a little bit of slowing growth in the market, what you can do there? Thanks.
James Jay Barber, Jr. - President, UPS International: Yes, Scott, it's Jim. The Mail Services, as most of these products are designed to do is provide a solution to a customer that the other products in the portfolio don't. Obviously, it's, if you will, an asset-light business that we're glad we're in it. We'll continue to invest in it the right way. We've got a lot of customers that are using all of our products. And so, it's not one product versus the other. But obviously, we have the SurePost on the other side as well as Mail Innovations. But, it's a product that we are glad to be in and we plan to continue to invest in it and it just complements all the other products that we have for our customers.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: From our Supply Chain & Freight perspective overall, we are seeing good growth and had a good quarter. And we've got a good focus and expect that we will continue to see good results. Thanks.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Robert Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Congrats on the better quarter here. Richard, I want to come back to a near-term question, because I think it's important here, but can you comment on the FX impact in International's quarter? Because it would seem to me that if you're translating foreign currency into a shorter dollar, it would actually be negative on earnings. So, is there some hedge impact that we should be thinking about? And if I extrapolate your guidance in the back half of the year, it sounds like you're talking for a sequential deceleration in International margins. Is that the right way to think about it?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Yeah. So, let's first talk about currency, because currency really has an impact on the top line and the bottom line for UPS. On the top line, obviously, there's lower reported revenue as the dollar strengthened. And in the schedule, I had referenced earlier, there's about $320 million less revenue. On the bottom line, our hedges are protecting our profits, not creating profits, and the hedge allowed us to make sure our profit levels stayed the same. But, we did have about a $15 million drag for the unhedged currency and that's part of that unhedged currency drag that we talked about for the year. It had a minimal impact; but at the same time, there are currencies that are moving very quickly and the exposures aren't large enough for us to take a position on those. What was the second question?
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: The second question was about the second half of the year.
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Okay. And on the second half of the year, our guidance really is at the higher end of our, where we expect it to be and it's really driven by the fourth quarter that you mentioned; but in the third quarter, there's some tough year-over-year comps. In the third quarter, we had a very high earnings per share, 14%. We talked about the volume that drove that and there were some wage deflation productivity improvements and we expect some of that to continue, but there was also a true-up of workers' comp with a credit and we just don't think the credit will be quite as large in the third quarter. And so, when you put them together, we're growing our profits in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And we expect to hit the high end of our guidance.
Brandon Robert Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey. Thanks guys, good morning. So, just wanted to follow-up on a couple of items with you, Richard. The currency hedge impact that you talked about in the second quarter, how should we think about that hedge benefit in third quarter and fourth quarter and then into 2016? And then also on the fuel side, you gave good color on the revenue impact. Can you just help us think about the net impact on profitability for each of the segments in the quarter?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure. First, we'll talk about the currency hedge. One of the things we talked about in previous calls as well is that we took a multiyear approach to the hedge. We really did that as the currency was at the $1.35, $1.33 range. So, we have coverage on the currency all the way through the end of 2016. And because of that we don't think there's an impact that you should be thinking about on that. In terms of the fuel and the net fuel, when you think about fuel there's a lot of ups and downs, but the bottom line is it's almost neutral to the profit line. There is a slight drag in the domestic in the second quarter, but it's not enough to really talk about at this point. But overall, our fuel surcharge is meant to be a natural offset to the changing volatility of fuel prices, so that it's taken into account.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: All right. Helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly A. Dougherty - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I know there's been a lot of discussion about slowing B2C growth, so I'm just curious if you can estimate for us how much of the business is industrial-related versus consumer-driven. And I'm pretty sure it's pretty different within the segment so any comments on that. And then maybe just a big picture insight into how you see industrial versus consumer parts of the economy moving, and maybe how you might have to make some adjustments to the network, if that's changed since you first put out the operating plan for this year.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. I'll take the second part of the question about the economy and then turn it over to Alan. So, we have talked about seeing B2C, the pace slow down just a little bit. We don't at all want to leave people, though, with the impression that B2C is not going to continue to grow. And it is, but just the pace of growth has slowed just a little bit. And the other part from the industrial, the manufacturing side, we've seen four quarters of increase from the manufacturing sector; but really this quarter, we saw that, I was going to call it even, but it was just a slight decrease. So, that's one of the reasons that we're a little cautious about the remainder of the year in the U.S. We just want to see if the manufacturing sector rebounds. I'll turn it over to Alan for the first part of your question.
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah. Kelly, really the split right now in the U.S. is about 45% B2C, 55% B2B. And like David said, the manufacturing and some other sectors that were related to B2B have slowed down a little bit. The B2B this quarter was primarily driven by retail with returns and omni-channel. Next question?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes, good morning, everyone. I wanted to talk a little bit about UPS Freight. Shipments were flattish year- over-year, a little down probably reflecting the industrial economy that you just talked about there, David. But when I look at yield, adjusting for weight per shipment it looks like yield was down year-over-year unless something went on with average length of haul. Was average length of haul up, down? What was the impact there and what was kind of true pricing like in the LTL?
Myron A. Gray - President-US Operations & Senior Vice President: Good morning, David. This is Myron. Overall, as you know, the U.S. Freight market is down 1.5% to 2%. However, our base rates and bottom line continues to be supported by a disciplined strategy, which is our focus on the middle market. So, the average tonnage was down, but revenue per ton continued to actually grow because of rate actions that we're taking on some lower yielding customers. And we see it coming through in our business, so we're actually pleased with where we are.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Where was average length of haul?
Myron A. Gray - President-US Operations & Senior Vice President: It's about the same.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rob Salmon of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, thanks for taking the question. We heard a lot of talk a couple weeks ago with regard to July Black Friday events, and I was curious, if you could talk a little bit about how that volume, if we should be expecting any sort of meaningful impact in the third quarter? And could you talk about the performance during that kind of summer peak-type volumes and if there were any incremental resources that you added to the network?
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah, hey. This is Alan. Look, as we all know there was a number of retailers out there that had a number of similar events. And we're actually excited about this innovativeness that's going to continue with e-commerce. It obviously drives significant small package growth and redefines how business is done. And UPS will benefit and continue to benefit from those type of promotions. And certainly, our ability to develop the solutions that I talked about earlier with our e-commerce ecosystem gives us the ability to flex our integrated interoperable network to support those kind of promotions very cost-effectively. The last thing I'll say is that I think it's also a demonstration of the potential to drive and shift demand that there's going to be some definite new learnings from. For example, we've talked on prior calls about the U-shaped volume between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And certainly, if we can better level that working with our retailers, that's going to help out our retailers and UPS alike. Thanks.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Campbell of Thompson, Davis & Co. Please go ahead.
David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co.: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on a good quarter. I just wanted to ask about the last six months. Someone mentioned I think that operating profit in the International operations would be up 15%; but I'm not sure, I got that right. Could you please clarify that for me?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: Sure, this is Richard. What we have guided to for the next six months is that the operating profit in International would be at the high end of the range that we've given at 6% to 12%. And that's what we expected in the guidance and was in my talk.
David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co.: And so that rate of growth is also in the last six months, 6% to 12%?
Richard N. Peretz - CFO, Treasurer, Vice President & Controller: That's right. At the high end of that range.
David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Matt Troy of Nomura Securities. Please go ahead.
Matt Troy - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. I just wanted to ask a broader question. The same-day fulfillment market is one that's been receiving a lot of attention in the press. You've got Amazon launching in 14 major markets. Just wondering to the extent you could update us on your thoughts and your tests in the same-day market that would be extremely helpful. And what you might look at the market size as going forward.
Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer & Executive VP: Yeah, Matt, this is Alan. We've been in the same-day market for about 20 years on the B2B side with our Express Critical and Forward Stocking Location network primarily aligned to high-tech and Healthcare. As you know, there's a tremendous amount of innovation going on in the retail e-commerce space including same-day. And we all know why that is, is because retail is expected to grow four times the GDP. We saw an announcement this morning about one of the operators closing down their same-day operations. And quite frankly, I think we all know that the challenge is having a valid economic model for low-cost shipping offers. Currently, the same-day free e-commerce has challenges with consolidating density on single piece stock economics that create profitability issues. So, we continue to monitor the space and look for cost-effective solutions that are profitable that can serve the needs of our retailers.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Matt, this is David. Because of the time that most of these e-commerce orders are made which is later in the afternoon we're really seeing much more of a demand for giving our retailers, especially those with an omni-channel network, giving them late pick-ups and then giving them local delivery the next day. And we've seen a lot of interest there and that's part of our business is growing and we expect that that will continue to grow at a pretty rapid rate. Thanks for the question.
Matt Troy - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. I was hoping you could give us a brief overview of your existing truckload brokerage operation? And just a little color on the overall size, where you regionally are customer focused, the growth rates you've been able to achieve and your desire to gain scale a bit more quickly through acquisition? And ultimately, is this business more strategically important to UPS as part of the bundle you can offer customers or really is a way to drive greater line haul efficiencies in your parcel and LTL businesses?
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is David. I would talk about the full truckload brokerage, we do have an existing business that's part of our UPS Freight business. And we do have asset-light businesses today that are part of this broad portfolio. As far as speculating where we may or may not want to go with that business, especially as it may or may not be anything that I'd say would be tied to rumors that are out there, that's really as far as we can go, that we have an existing business. And we just like any other part of our business expect to grow that business. And thank you for your question. I appreciate it.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. David Abney. Please go ahead, sir.
David P. Abney - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I would just like to close with a couple of things. One, very pleased that all three of our business units met planned performance or exceeded it and led to the results that we got to talk about today. We are clearly moving in the right direction to achieve our year-long financial objectives. And we do see strong international momentum and we do have confidence that we're going to hit the upper end of our guidance range. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. On behalf of today's panel, we'd like to thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Wilkins - Investor Relations David Abney - Chief Executive Officer Kurt Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer Jim Barber - International President Myron Gray - President of U.S. Operations Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer Richard Peretz - Corporate Controller and Treasurer
Analysts: David Vernon - Sanford Bernstein Tom Wadewitz - UBS Ken Hoexter - BoFA Merrill Lynch Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Art Hatfield - Raymond James Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Prashant Rao - Citigroup Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer  Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie  Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs Robert Salmon - Deutsche Bank Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research Scott Group - Wolfe Research Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Jack Atkins - Stephens Inc David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Company Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group Helane Becker - Cowen & Co.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise and after the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Joe Wilkins, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Joe Wilkins: Good morning and welcome to the UPS first quarter 2015 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray, Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn and Richard Peretz, Corporate Controller and Treasurer. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the Company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which are described in detail in our 2014 Form 10-K. This report is available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. The webcast of today's call along with a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. And just a reminder, please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thanks for your cooperation. Now we'll turn the call over to David.
David Abney : Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2015 earnings review. We will talk in a few moments about the CFO transition announced this morning, but first, we are going to review the quarter.  I am pleased to report UPS produced solid performance across all the segments. Earnings per share increased more than 14% led by International. This segment continues to demonstrate positive momentum as our unmatched integrated network generates high returns and significant value for customers around the world. The US Domestic segment performed as planned. Our actions on revenue management and pricing drove revenue per piece higher during the first quarter. The pace of volume moderated as we chose to forego some lower yielding opportunities. And in the Supply Chain and Freight segment, revenue and operating profit improved over last year as all three business units made progress.  The first quarters results demonstrate that we are on track with our core business initiatives, both for the remainder of 2015 and for our long-term financial targets. Last year, at the Investor Conference, we outlined five key investment areas. These include improvements in capacity, efficiency and our strategies for growth markets.  In addition, weve detailed our industry-specific focus and the One UPS initiative. We are moving forward in all five areas. In terms of greater efficiency, we improved productivity and operating leverage during the quarter. Investments in hub automation and route optimization projects are on schedule.  In fact, we expect the accelerated deployment of ORION will reduce a 100 million miles annually once fully implemented. We are on plan to complete 70% of driver routes by the end of this year. To support the core business initiative of expanding industry-specific solutions, UPS enhanced two services to assist healthcare customers.  We introduced our new Temperature True Packaging service which includes expert consultation and exclusive packaging options. These shipping containers are pre-qualified for use in our network and designed to fit our customers budget and risk requirements.  Next was the expansion of our international special commodities program to 20 new destination countries. This allows UPS customers to ship biologic samples and specimens to more than 50 nations. These solutions will provide growth opportunities with new and existing healthcare clients.  Our third initiative is capitalizing on growth markets. As demonstrated by our International segment, especially the strong growth that we continue to produce in Europe. The multi-year investments weve made there have positioned UPS to extend our ten plus years of near double-digit growth rates for the region.  Another great example of a growth opportunity for UPS is the online retail. To strengthen our position as the e-commerce shipper of choice, we are expanding the access point network, our unique network of retail locations that both improves the consumers experience and provides better stop economics.  In January, we increased the US footprint to include the more than 4400 UPS store locations. In May, we will add non-UPS store locations in the Boston, San Francisco and Washington DC metro markets. These expansions will bring the total access point locations to more than 20,000 by the year end. This unique channel is a key component of our global B2C strategy.  As I reviewed at the Investor Conference, combining the many capabilities of UPS to meet customers supply chain needs is the foundation of our One UPS strategy. To increase awareness, we began a campaign to highlight the breadth of services that differentiates UPS in the marketplace.  The tagline says it all. We are UPS, and to customers, we are united problem solvers. This play on our name and the entire campaign invites shippers to experience the can do, customer-centric, problem-solving culture of UPS.  The goal is, both the new customer acquisition and deeper collaboration with existing shippers. These five investment areas are key to achieving our financial targets.  I want to reinforce that UPS is intensely focused on creating and enhancing long-term shareowner value. This will be achieved by providing differentiated solutions delivered by highly skilled UPS.  Our belief in both the UPS business model and the execution of our strategy was conveyed by the recent 9% dividend increase. We have a 46 year history of providing UPS investors an increasing or stable dividend. When combined with share repurchases, we expect total returns to shareholders to exceed 100% of our net income again this year.  This quarter clearly affirms that we are moving in the right direction and on track to achieve our financial objectives.  Now, Kurt will take you through the details. 
Kurt Kuehn: Well, thanks, David and good morning. The first quarter results show good progress across all segments. The US performed well and is successfully implementing a disciplined pricing strategy. International continues to produce strong momentum with a balance of growth, pricing and operating performance, and Supply Chain and Freight achieved solid results considering the turbulence created by the port disruption.  As David mentioned, UPS earnings per share improved more than 14% over last year. Digging into the numbers, the impact of currency and fuel price changes have made comparisons to last year complex. But well try to make it clear as we move through the segment results.  Let me begin with the US Domestic segment, which reported revenue gains of 3.8% as a result of volume growth and improved pricing. Average Daily Package volume increased 2.4% driven by Deferred Air growth of more than 12% and UPS SurePost gains of 7%.  Shipment growth rates were a little bit slower as the company chose not to pursue some lower yielding contract renewals. During the quarter, we saw balanced growth in both B2B and B2C shipments. Revenue per package increased 1.3% as base rate improvements overcame about a 200 basis point reduction in fuel surcharges. Ground yield was up 3.1%, primarily due to the dim weight change and other revenue management actions.  Operating profit grew 11% to more than $1 billion. Margin expanded by 70 basis points supported by productivity improvements. Direct labor hours grew at a slower pace than volume.  Now for the International segment, which continues to make substantial gains around the world, revenue on a currency-adjusted basis increased 2.4% over last year. International operating profit was up 14% to $498 million.  Margin expanded 280 basis points to 16.8%. Volume growth, pricing initiatives and the benefit from the lag in fuel surcharges, all contributed to margin expansion. In addition, our currency hedging strategy also aided results.  Daily shipments were 4.6% higher led by export products up 6.7%. This gain was driven by impressive growth in Europe, up more than 9% and we expect strong volume growth there to continue. Base rates improved across all regions and products, although they were masked by currency and changes in product mix and about a 300 basis point impact from lower fuel surcharges.  Mix shift changes continued as trans-border volume grew faster than intercontinental shipments, and deferred products continued to outpace express products.  Now, turning to Supply Chain and Freight, which performed about as expected. Revenue increased 1.3% to $2.2 billion driven by growth in distribution in UPS Freight. Excluding the impact of currency, revenue increased by 4.2%.  Operating profit increased to $151 million and margin was 6.9%. The Forwarding unit improved operating profit and expanded margin over the same period last year. Congestion at West Coast Port terminals created challenges for many ocean freight customers. But the multi-modal flexibility of the UPS portfolio allowed customers to accelerate their ocean freight or re-route to non-affected ports.  Looking at distribution, where revenue was up at a mid-single-digit pace. This unit continues to deliver top-line growth as more customers in the healthcare and retail sectors seek out our industry-specific solutions.  Continued investments in technology and infrastructure pressured margins. UPS freight revenue increased by 2.3%. LTL shipments per day increased 3.5% over the prior year period. LTL revenue per hundred weight increased by 1.1%, but was negatively impacted by almost 500 basis points due to lower fuel surcharges. The unit is focused on providing mid-market customers with broader solutions and technology they value.  Now for an update on our cash position. The company generated $2.4 billion in free cash flow continuing our strength and providing flexibility to fund our growth projects. Regarding share under distributions, in addition to the dividend increase that David mentioned, the company repurchased more than 6.7 million shares for approximately $680 million.  As we look at our 2015 guidance, the first quarter did come in little better than anticipated with some help from fuel. Remember, as I said on the last call, first and fourth quarters earnings growth would likely be higher than the years average, while comparisons for the second and third quarter will be below the years average.  Basically though, the 2015 quarterly results should return to the more typical UPS annual profit distribution. US Domestic volume growth should increase about 3% with revenue growing at a slightly faster pace.  We expect base rates to be up approximately 3% at the top of our typical target range. However, lower fuel surcharge revenue will continue to weigh on reported yields. And last, our International revenue on a currency-neutral basis is expected to be up 2% to 3%.  In summary, our full year earnings per share guidance is unchanged as $5.05 to $5.30, up 6% to 12% over last year.  With that, Ill turn it back over to David. 
David Abney: As you know, UPS issued a second press release announcing the retirement of Kurt Kuehn and the appointment of Richard Peretz as CFO. Kurt has served UPS for nearly 38 years and has been the CFO for the last eight. I have come to relying on his leadership and support over many years.  Ive also worked with Richard in previous assignments, especially when we were on the front-lines of expanding UPSs International footprint. He has broad financial leadership experience and operations and corporate across many aspects of the finance area.  He is well prepared to take on this elevated responsibility. Kurt will be with us as CFO until July 1st in order to assist Richard and the UPS team with the transition. An important part of that transition will include visits with investors for Richard to gain further insights into our company and markets.  Following the Q&A period, I am going to turn the phone over to Kurt for closing remarks, but now, Id like to introduce, Richard. 
Richard Peretz: Thanks, David for this opportunity and thanks, Kurt for your support throughout my career and now, as I enter this new role. I am looking forward to the challenge and I am honored to be part of the team leading this great company for the future. Ill soon be hitting the road with Kurt and the IR team. I am intent on listening and learning and then integrating those perspectives into my own.  Ill save my comments for future meetings after Ive spent a little more time adjusting to the job and the new responsibilities. Kurt?
Kurt Kuehn: Great. Congratulations again, Richard. Richard and Ive worked together for more than 20 years on many of the most important company developments throughout our shared history. I think he will learn that he has tremendous ability to simplify complex business issues and develop a sound financial perspective, even on the most difficult transactions and issues. He is a capable leader who is ready to take on the critically important job of guiding the companys financial strategies and leading the financial team.  And I cant hope but note, Richard that since this is your first appearance on an earnings call, it will also be your easiest. I am still going take on point on answering questions for this quarter, but Q2 will be yours and with Davids leadership and the rest of the management team of course to help.  David, Ill turn it back over to you. 
David Abney: Okay, operator, lets 
Kurt Kuehn: Wait, wait, let me do this last one, okay. 
David Abney: Okay, Kurt. Be my guest. 
Kurt Kuehn: Okay, great. Okay, operator, it is my pleasure for the last time to say, we are now ready to take questions on the quarter. Please open the lines. 
Operator: Your first question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Thanks for taking the question and congratulations to both Kurt and Richard. 
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, David. 
David Vernon: Little bit about pricing, can you talk about the progress and results that you guys have seen and implementing dim weight in the Domestic segment and provide any kind of additional insight into customer feedback on peak pricing initiatives that were discussed last call?
Kurt Kuehn: Sure, the  clearly, you can see on our reported yields that even with the headwinds of fairly substantial fuel surcharges, we showed substantial gain. So, the dim weight is one piece of that. Alan, maybe you could talk a little more about the revenue management more ahead. 
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, Kurt. Pricing has been a real positive story. We are certainly proud of our sales and marketing team discipline and the value selling. As you can see, we were 200 basis points better than last years year-over-year growth rate with even a much larger fuel drag. So the impact came at the high-end of our expectation range and certainly the dim weight along with other revenue management practices contributed to that.  Also on the call, previously, Kurts and I believe Davids comments, they talked about us not renewing some lower yield in customers. Switching to peak real quickly, weve got a comprehensive strategy in place thats already begun to increase the revenue from customers that urge during the peak season and then also drive additional operating expenses.  Price increases again it can be generally applied to the residential products and other high cost areas, but they will vary by customer and those revenue initiatives are already built into the guidance. 
David Vernon: Thanks, just as a clarification, as far as the number of customers that are paying a dim weight, are there a large  is there a large percentage of shippers that maybe gotten a waiver and thats going to be out there in the future? Or can you give us a sense for kind of what percentage of customers actually took that dim weight charge in this year? 
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, David, well save that for the next questioner. Lets move on. 
David Vernon: All right, thanks. 
Operator: The next question will come from Mr. Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz : Yes, thank you and, Kurt, congratulations to you. Ive worked with you for a long time, remember back when you are Head of IR and its really been a pleasure working with you over the years. So, congratulations on the retirement and Richard, congratulations to you as well. 
Kurt Kuehn: All right. 
Tom Wadewitz : Lets see. So, I think, I want to ask a little bit more on the pricing, the strategy, how much is this change in terms of the yield management that you would expect affecting going forward? Are we going to hear more about yield management and turning away business and perhaps even acceleration in pricing from what weve seen in first quarter? Or is this more of a one-off where it was a particular piece of business that was kind of a one-time thing? 
Kurt Kuehn: No, I think, we are pursuing a consistent revenue management strategy. We have talked last year that following peak season, we were going to migrate and to being more price disciplined. And so, this is not a one-time issue. Its just a continuation of our strategy. 
David Abney: Our revenue management initiatives certainly are gaining traction. We expect that to continue, but we have to remember, this is a multi-pronged strategy. I mean, yes we are working on pricing initiatives and especially along peak season lines, but we are also focusing on creating unique solutions for our customers that brings additional value.  And then of course, focusing on operating efficiencies that would give us the results we want to. So, its a multi-prong strategy and its something that will be throughout the year. 
Tom Wadewitz : Thank you. 
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter : Great, thank you and good morning and Ill let go that, congrats Kurt, its been great working with you for almost 15 years and welcome to Richard. If we could just jump over to International a bit, youve posted a increase in profitability up about 280 basis points on the margin.  Can you talk  you talked a lot about the cost, David on the Domestic side, and what youve put in place. But a big upside, I think surprise on the International side. Can you kind of walk us through where  what cost kind of you focused on there or was it more of the volume side or was it the cost side that enabled that increase? 
Kurt Kuehn: Well I think, youll - I think its a blend of all of those, but Jim, why dont you take us through the quarter? 
Jim Barber: Sure, I would appreciate the question. I think it is a blend. I think if you start in Europe, youve heard us talk for a couple of quarters about the growth there and some of the challenges we had and the Group has done a great job over the last couple of quarters to put that into the network and you also heard us discuss the expansion of the network in Europe in investment, thats starting to payoff as well and some of the operating efficiencies and I think the other big one for us in the quarter is out in Asia.  Even with some of the slower growth, I think the team has done a very good job to cut the network and balance whats going into the network and I would say, those are the two biggest drivers especially in the Inter-Asia network and the European network as well to drive the numbers this quarter. 
Ken Hoexter : Thanks, I appreciate the insight. 
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin Sterling : Thank you and, Kurt, let me say my congratulations as well on your pending retirement. Ive enjoyed working with you over the years and best of luck to you. 
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks. 
Kevin Sterling : Maybe, can you guys talk a little bit about some of the trends you are seeing in April? Particularly, on the International side and in LTL, are you still seeing some benefit from the West Coast Port diversions and congestions? 
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think a lot of thats cleared up. I dont know, Myron, any particular trends on the LTL side do you think are notable?
A  Myron Gray: On the volume. We are seeing the same thing happened in April that we saw in our first quarter with stable improvements we expect that will have 3% to 3.5% growth and freight market moving forward. So no particular issues there. 
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, barring a little labor disruption on the ports, of course, given the latest guidelines, yes.
Kevin Sterling : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Mr. Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Art Hatfield: Hey, thank you. Me likewise, Kurt, congrats and its been great working with you. Glad that you finally decided that you had enough of us. 
Kurt Kuehn: No. And it was a full dose. 
Art Hatfield: I am sure. Going back to the comment on your pricing strategy, real quick and being more disciplined, can you talk a little bit about what you see in customer actions that when you decide to walk away?  I mean, whats your kind of history with that? Do you see customers coming back to you after a short period of time when you do something like this asking you to come back as they miss the service? And really are they ultimately going to see higher pricing in the long run and why would they allow you to walk away from them at this point in time? 
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, thats  certainly, pricing decisions are complex and it depends a lot on the relationship and the nature of the volume thats being entered to it. But, Alan, if you could talk a little more about our approach? 
Alan Gershenhorn: It really all comes down to, I think what David talked about the balance as well as the value that we are creating for the customers. So, we are very focused on creating value for the specific industries that we are targeting and yes, in some cases, we do see those customers come back. But I just want to reiterate that we are firm in our strategy to further align the revenue with the cost throughout the year including peak season. 
David Abney: You know, and I think, Id probably word it just a little bit different than maybe on the question, as far as walking away, I think its more that we do choose sometimes not to pursue some of these lower yielding contract renewals. But we are constantly working with our customers on how we can add value and how we can optimize our network for them. So its not like we just walk away. We try to give options and we try to show the value. There are some cases that we choose not to pursue. 
Art Hatfield: Right. Thanks for your time this morning. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bill Greene : Yes, hi there, good morning. Kurt, congrats again. Wish you all the best. Richard, congrats, by my condolences. So, I wanted to ask a little bit more of a broader question. Of course, weve seen FedEx take action in Europe and they will spend sometime absorbing TNT now integrating it. Can you talk a little bit about how you see the broad global landscape now after that change?  Obviously, in the interim, you will try to win I am sure some share in Europe. But, does this make other aspects of the world, other areas of the world more attractive? Should we think more about growth in Asia given the changing playing field in Europe? Can you talk a little bit about how you see that evolving? Thank you. 
David Abney: Certainly, I can, first, Ill just remind everyone that the FedEx, TNT deal that is complex deal and we expect that regulatory agencies will be as stringent on this deal as they have been on previous deals. Then when you talk about opportunities in Asia. Obviously, Asia and emerging markets were always pursuing those opportunities.  Lets dont forget the fact that that we have experienced just great returns from our Europe markets and we certainly dont expect that to change. Over the last ten years, our Europe export average daily volume has more than doubled and weve previously announced a five year capital deployment plan thats approaching about $2 billion. So, we are adding capacity. We are expanding our capabilities. We have a real good business in Europe and we expect it to continue to grow and we are as excited as we have been at any time about Europe. 
Bill Greene : Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Ross Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross : Yes, good morning gentlemen. Just to follow-up on the question regarding Europe. The exports are certainly strong driven by the weak euro, but domestic Europe was also up year-over-year. Can you talk a little bit about the overall European market, what you see in terms of the European economy right now and going forward? 
David Abney: Jim? 
Jim Barber: Sure, David, the  I guess, Ill just hit on trade flows real quickly. The kind of the balance of the network certainly at this point with the strength of the dollar, we are seeing a move of imports to exports. Europe is a big piece of that. We kind of right now after the first quarter have a gap of about 6% between growth of imports and exports. Well balance that.  We have to balance the network. Well look at how we rate export and import rates across the world, but thats just part of the normal running of the business. The domestic in Europe, specifically, that just is a continuation of the investments over the last decade as David referenced. We continue to do that and invest in some of those. The acquisitions weve made over the previous years help us grow. So, the solutions that are in place will are paying off and they will continue to pay off going forward. 
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ben Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford : Hi, good morning guys. Jim, I guess, I am interested in the comment that you had made of a better balance in Asia and I am curious about your perspective as it relates to outbound Asian Air Freight post-Chinese New Year and as we look into 2Q and 3Q with the US West Coast situation presumably normalizing, do you expect further cuts or would the next step be to add incremental pet capacity in that trans-stack lane and just outbound Asia generally, as we look into 2013 there has been  2015, there has been a lot of debate about a demand to outbound China here year-to-date. I am interested in your perspective there.
Kurt Kuehn: So, if I look at April, compared to the first quarter, it continues on and remember in the Freight segment, we are kind of in that transition we have a very targeted growth plan. You can see that in some of the numbers coming through. So you will see lower growth, more targeting of the freight thats in the network. Well continue that.  The West Coast Port stoppage in the first quarter gave us some lift, thats mitigating as we speak. But we have to balance that network obviously with the small package network. Chinese New Year, we had a really good new year this year. We had some great alignment of the network to the volume.  That will continue and so its just a continuation in our minds of balancing the right network with the right volume at the right levels going forward and I think the first quarter was a success and we see the same things starting off the second quarter. 
Ben Hartford : Thank you. 
Operator: We have a question from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Prashant Rao: Good morning, this is Prashant Rao in for Chris and congrats to Kurt and to Richard. My question is really on the volume side on Domestic. I was wondering if there is anything  how much of the volume changes are to be attributed to maybe some seasonal patterns, weather and seasonality a play, any other factors youd like to call out, maybe in terms of what we are seeing on the Domestic side in terms of volume. Clearly, yields and revenue management are fantastic, but just wanted to kind of get thoughts around the volume side there? 
David Abney: Yes, Alan, if you could?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so, yes, we are actually encouraged by the progress we are making in balancing the volume growth and the yield. We did actually see a dip in the average daily volume in February that aligned with some of the bad weather in the Northeast and other areas of the country. And also some of those pricing decisions not to renew the low yield agreements. 
Prashant Rao: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger : Thanks. Good morning and congratulations Richard, and Kurt. Just following up on that last question, in the first quarter, it sounds like the B2C and B2B were both strong. Could you add a little bit on each please? Thanks. 
Kurt Kuehn: Alan, go on ahead. 
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so, for the first time in a very, very long time, our B2B growth was actually a bit stronger than our B2C and as you know, our deferred volumes were also strong and the SurePost while its still strong, certainly, year-over-year slowing down as that product becomes more mature. Just keep in mind that this is just a one quarter data and we are still expecting about 3% growth for the year. 
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty : Hi, thanks for taking the question. And so I just want to follow-up on that last one if we can talk about the B2B versus B2C growth. And wonder how you think about, maybe some UPS-specific initiatives, because some of the macro data that's been out recently has been underwhelming from an industrial production or manufacturing perspective. So thinking about how that factors into maybe what you are expecting earlier this year?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, so, a couple of things. We are very focused on industry-specific solutions that we are building for the hi-tech, the healthcare, the automotive industrial, manufacturers thats out there. So that we can win more and win faster in those specific areas.  Certainly, e-commerce though is also driving a significant amount of our B2B growth through returns as well as manufacturers that ship B2B going more into the e-commerce realm. So, its really a mix there. So we are pretty excited about the fact that e-commerce is beginning to generate some significant B2B business.
Kelly Dougherty : Is there any way to separate out, your - I know great that that B2B is growing faster than the B2C at this point. Is there any way to separate out kind of traditional B2B versus what retail might be driving?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Kelly, it is becoming pretty blurred these days. So we are  at this point, we are really not adding anything to that. 
Kelly Dougherty : Okay, thanks Kurt and congratulations. 
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks. 
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Tom Kim of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Tom Kim : Thanks very much. I wanted to ask with regard to trading down on International, I mean it was a very impressive performance last quarter and I am wondering to what extent there is actually further opportunities just depending on how trading down may be shifting? Thanks.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, those trends have been pretty consistent. We have seen our standard and deferred products grow faster than our premium express products for a number of years. So, with our aligned network, its not a big deal. One thing though that I guess, I do want to highlight, if you look at the yields that there was certainly some impact from the shift of products, but the biggest issue on yields by far is the currency impact.  And so, it is  we do have on Page 3, the schedule of revenue per piece that weve always had there. But with Rich coming in as our Treasurer, he decided to give a little gift to you guys and we actually created a new schedule on Page 3 there that shows total company revenue-adjusted for currencies. So, Rich, maybe you could talk a little bit about currencies.
Richard Peretz: Sure. We use hedges to minimize the volatility of currency and now the business to concentrate on the fundamentals of growing the company. Our current hedge strategy is protected through the end of 2016 for all the major currencies that we operate in.  There are some non-hedged currencies that we saw larger shifts than we have seen historically and thats because the dollar strengthened so much during this first quarter of 2015. Our strategy is to use a color approach and it really is there to make sure that we are protecting the currency while the business continues to grow. 
Kurt Kuehn: So, thats really been the biggest issue on reported revenues. The trade-down is a small piece of it, but, anyway, we thought being transparent on just what is happening with currency was an important element there and we are fortunate to have locked in a couple of years worth coverage on the euro and the pound thats certainly helping to keep the financial results solid for the foreseeable future.
Tom Kim : Thanks very much.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Robert Salmon of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Robert Salmon : Okay, thanks, and Kurt, and Richard, my congrats to both of you guys as well. If I could kind of turn it back the discussion back to the dimensional pricing, can you give us a sense of how much of the full impact that you guys realized in the first quarter? And how we should be thinking about that stepping up as we look out to 2016 and 2017 for some of the longer term contracts that you have?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think one way to look at it, and Ill let Alan talk a little bit about the contracts, but certainly the initial impact of dim weight has been primarily on the revenue side. But ultimately, we are working with a large number of customers to adjust their packaging, thats the real intent to this. And so, if anything we have said, the revenue impact will moderate a little over time and the economic benefit of less air in our feeders will come through.  So, we did see a big benefit in the first quarter and as we work with customers to reduce their costs then that will migrate. And then certainly with some long-term contracts there are some other ramifications. 
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, I mean, I think its a combination of both. So youve got our customers that we are working with to get smarter on their packaging which obviously helps us add on the side, but well take the revenue down a bit and then weve got some longer term contracts that well be able to capture a bit more the dim weight opportunity going forward.  What we are looking at this year is that, we already stated that we are at the high-end of the 2% to 3% base rate that we look for and our expectation is that thats going to continue through the year. 
Robert Salmon : Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski : Well, good morning everyone and Kurt, as well, congratulations, just make sure you watch out for Andy Dolny on the golf course when you're back out there.
Alan Gershenhorn: Right, he is dangerous. 
Brandon Oglenski : Ive heard. I can't let you off that easy, so I do want to ask a question on Domestic margins and I guess it's two parts, I hope I'm not cheating on the one question rule here. But, can you first quantify the fuel impacts on margins for us if possible?  But then, can we walk through the puts and takes here, because obviously you have a pretty strong pricing outlook, but what are the cost additions of the capacity initiatives that we have again, and I know you - I think you have $180 million of pension headwind. Should we still be thinking that margins domestically are going to be roughly flat with last year or even slightly up, which I think was the prior guidance?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Ill let you cheat. Its because the final farewell question here. And Ill let margin  Ill have Myron  excuse me  talk about the margin enhancement activities. In general, just to highlight the impact of fuel a little bit, for the International business, there was a benefit of fuel of about $30 million or so. In general, coverage for fuel and International was not a 100%, so as fuel dropped we got a benefit although the lag accounted for a lot of that. On the Domestic side, actually, fuel was relatively neutral for us in the quarter.  Traditionally, there is a benefit from the lag as it drops, but with fuel dropping frankly to unexpected levels, our coverage ratio is at the very low end of the fuel curve were not complete and that in effect, offset the lag. We did tweak the curves a little bit in February and so that will be relatively neutral going forward. But, we did not get a material benefit on fuel in the first quarter. So, Myron, maybe you talk a little bit about the margin enhancing activities we are working on. 
Myron Gray: Yes, Brandon, keep in mind that, US Domestic really is a year-over-year comp story as we also have a drag of almost $200 million in pension expense that I want to bring to your attention. In addition to that, as David Abney earlier alluded to, we have made progress operationally on several fronts. Weve continued to deploy operational technologies. Weve tightened up our operations from a dispatch perspective and we continue to add capacity in selected markets as well as our hub marked projects. 
David Abney: The first quarter just really affirms that we are moving in the right direction. And that we are on track for our financial objectives and we really had solid performance across all three of the segments. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman : Thank you very much and Kurt, best of luck and Richard, really looking forward to working with you. Although I do reflect on the fact that Kurt, you've been promoted a number of times, now you are retiring and I am in the same job. All right. So here is my question, the International growth you talked about 2% to 3% ex-currency, but in the current quarter, you did 2.4% ex-currency.  And as I look around the world, I am looking at get some big markets for you like Europe that seem to be gaining in momentum. So, can you tell us through your eyes what's going on and how the levers are moving globally? And are there any aspects of the global environment that you were downgrading to stay at this  at level in terms of your forecast for the year?
David Abney: All right, from a macro point of view and then Ill turn it over to Jim. But the  International growth is not expected to be quite as strong as previous estimates. Its not 2.8% GDP growth versus 3.0%. So the outlook is really mixed at the regional level. In Europe, the growth is estimated to be 1.9%.  So, previously forecasted at 1.7% and thats really driven by Germany, and one key point here I think is, for the year, the real UPS  excuse  EU real exports are forecasted to grow at 4.8% this year in 2015. So, Jim, turn it over to you to talk about the specifics.
Jim Barber: Yes, I would add probably three quick points to that. One, and then we already touched on one, one is kind of the balance of trade here. And how that plays out relative to some of the currencies moving in the world. I think, you also have fuel in here that is one of those wild cards that we are not sure how thats going to work We also have to look at a little bit of China slowing in this discussion.  We cant forget that at any time. And I think the last part is that, as weve gone through this, we have purposely said that we are going to slow some of the growth until our investments catch-up with it and then well fire the engine up faster again.  So this is kind of one of those purposed slowing to let the investments catch-up, reinvigorate it and keep moving forward. So, we are going to kind of dip it down a little bit from a revenue or a volume revenue. But that will be very targeted in our revenue management activities to do that. So thats our plan. 
Jeff Kauffman : Well, thank you very much. Thats my one. 
David Abney: Great.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group : Hey, thanks. Morning guys. So, first, Kurt, when you were giving the fuel impacts, I didn't hear you give one for Freight, if you can give that. And then just my bigger question is on Europe and you talked about you've had this kind of sustained track record of growing double-digits and wondering given the FedEx, TNT deal how you think that plays out and whether or not you think that will accelerate in the near-term? And do you think that once the deal closes, do you think you'll be able to sustain double-digit growth in Europe?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I am not sure how many questions that was Scott. But well humor you a little bit. Certainly, fuel was a significant drag on reported revenues and Freight, almost 500 basis points. The P&L impact was modest, but not significant, because of the dramatic change in coverage ratios once again as we move down to those levels. David? 
David Abney: We feel real good about Europe this year and we do have a great track record. We are investing heavily to expand our business. But there is a little bit of transition going on with some of the players in the market and we are certainly going to emphasize our message that we have a fantastic service offering. We meet our customers needs there and we are going to continue to invest and grow in this important part of our business.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry : Thanks, good morning. 
David Abney: Morning.
Allison Landry : In terms of the hub modernization, how many of the 30 major US sorting facilities are now automated? And given our expectations for continued strength in e-commerce, whether it's B2C or B2B, do you see any need to further accelerate investments in the network? And within that context, should we read anything into their cash builds during Q1?
Kurt Kuehn: Ill start with the last piece of that once again. No, the cash build in Q1 is more just typical seasonal from Q4 where we have a lot of receivables coming at the end of the year. For Q1, where our CapEx is usually low that we do see the balance sheet swell. So, if you go back to last year, youll see similar trends.  So, no, we are on track for our guidance of about $3 billion in CapEx this year and certainly continuing to modernize hubs is important. Myron, maybe you could talk a little bit about the status and benefits of that.
Myron Gray: Allison, there is a five-year plan thats in place to either add capacity or modernize all of our top 30 hub locations. At the end of this year, well have four projects that will be totally completed with adding capacity in two locations and hub models and two others. And certainly they are put in place to increase our throughput and our productivity. 
Allison Landry : Okay, thank you for the time. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins : Good morning guys. Thanks for the time. So, I guess just, for my question, you're thinking about the US Freight economy, there is a lot of concern out there that we're beginning to see things perhaps slowdown a little bit. Could you give us a sense for what you are seeing in your underlying business in the US? And then, what are you learning in your conversations with your customers as it relates to freight demand for the balance of the year?
David Abney: Okay, first when it comes to the US, the outlook is certainly mixed. I mean there were some recent disappointing employment news in March and weve seen IP and the retail data maybe be not as positive as we would have thought.  There are some headwinds. We talked a little bit about the West Coast Port, dont know if thats going to fade away pretty quickly of if this is going to continue. But the strengthening US dollar and the cautious consumer when it comes to spending, but then on the bright side, you see that, ASMO has gotten off to a strong start this year. January over 14% and February, almost that same level. So, I would say that, its just a mixed performance. We are focused on maintaining our strategies and I think it was a good solid performance for the first quarter. But there are some headwinds out there. 
Jack Atkins : Thanks, again.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Campbell of Thompson Company. Please go ahead.
David Campbell : Yes, hi. Thank you, Kurt. Congratulations and thanks for all your help over the years especially at our analyst conferences. I wanted to ask you about the West Coast Port disruption in the first quarter, I couldn't tell whether that was a help on the Cargo revenues or International shipments or both?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think, depending on which segment of the business you talk to they, that are enjoyed it or struggled with it. So, Jim, maybe you could talk a little bit about the West Coast disruption in general and how that impacted results.
Jim Barber: Sure, I think that, David, I think its in all segments. I think, from a Cargo perspective, our first quarter was very big, no question about that. That was up heavy double-digits and that actually runs through obviously the impact of the small package network we had trade-ups from  into the Air segment from our Freight business and we also had some moving into small package business.  So I think, Kurt has framed it at somewhere between $5 million and $10 million impact to the first quarter. As a lift in total, we dont see that continuing long-term. Therefore, we kind of pull that out, but thats kind of the impact from this segment. 
David Campbell : Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors : Thank you. So to follow-up on David and Rob's questions on the Domestic dim weight implementation, can you give us a little color on how much of the portfolio that youve got on the dim weight schedule for 2015? And whether that's a two to three year implementation to get to 100 or close to 100 or kind of how you see that playing out from a delayed gratification perspective for some of these customers over the next year or two?
Kurt Kuehn: We are not sharing specific numbers, but Alan, maybe you could talk about the general approach.
Alan Gershenhorn: No, again, so, all of our  so all the packages in the US package portfolio are now dim weight eligible. So it really becomes a question, we are talking about really is, whats under the covers in the contracts and I think again, you are going to see what the work that we are doing with our customers to improve their packaging to reduce the size of their packages will probably be an offset to some of the gains we get from contracts expiring and being renewed with stronger dim weight language.
Operator: And our last question in queue will come from the line of Helane Becker of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker : Thanks very much operator. And gentlemen, thanks for the time. Kurt and Richard congratulations. Kurt, I will miss you. And I look forward to working with Richard. Just a question on the tax rate, given how big your International opportunities are - is there an opportunity to lower your tax rate at all by shifting revenue around the world?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, unfortunately, we are not a manufacturer that has a lot of discretion, Helane. So, certainly, we continue to look at our tax structure in the very high statutory rate of the US is a drag on US companies. And certainly, we are a great example of that. So, David constantly ask me that question and we do what we can. But, to some extent, we are a business where you have to operate where the volumes are. So there is not a tremendous amount of discretion.  But, as the International business continues to grow and we expand across the globe, that does have a somewhat beneficial effect that lowers it slightly, but still in the main  the majority of that does get hit with the US taxes. Thats why we are big proponents of a more rational US tax platform and that would be a good step for us and help us compete more effectively across the globe.
Helane Becker : Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. David Abney. 
David Abney: Okay, and thanks for your questions. I think as you can see today that, our answers were really focused about creating unique solutions to our customers to create more value on our pricing initiatives and obviously on increasing our operating efficiency.  But now, we are going to cut it a little bit short today to give Kurt a chance to say a few final words before closing out the call. Like many long time UPS employees, Kurt began his career as a package car driver, while in college and progressed quickly through management.  Whether working on international growth, expansion into the industry segments or integration of several strategic acquisitions, Kurt has contributed exceptional judgment and fresh perspectives. His partnership character and capacity to find solutions has helped UPS advance through many challenges while remaining true to the needs of our customers, shareowners, and employees.  Kurt is just a great example of a business executive first and a finance executive second. I appreciate his thoughtful candor and welcome his knowledge and broad perspective. While Ill personally miss Kurt as a partner and as a friend, I am happy to also announce Richs appointment. Richard has been with the company nearly 34 years. I believe he will contribute the right mix of experience and new thinking to help UPS continue to attain profitable growth.  So, Kurt, its all yours. 
Kurt Kuehn: Well, thanks, David and thanks for letting me get the final word here. But now its been a wonderful career at UPS and Ive been privileged to tackle a number of major projects working for this great company.  Certainly, the one event that comes to mind is when I first met many of you on the call, which was our IPO in 1999 and got the unique opportunity to be UPSs first Investor Relations Officer after a history of 92 years as a private company.  I was a bit overwhelmed at first, but was extremely proud to represent this great company as we migrated from the private company we were to the public markets and would like to thank a number of you on the call there for your professionalism over the years have given us the benefit of the doubt and helping us communicate the UPS story.  There have also been a lot other highlights along the way and in every case, my recollections will be strongly enhanced by the memory of working with such a great team that we have here at UPS. Ive had the great fortune from starting as a package driver to assuming the CFO role back in 2008 to have an incredible breadth of assignments and clearly its truly transformed both me and my view of the world.  And so, Ive been honored to have served and helped position this company for the future. But I do know, its now time to get out of the way and allow more capable executives like Richard to takeover, little younger, little faster, little smarter. He joins a dynamic management committee that has been assembled by David and together, they have both the vision and the dedication that will take UPS to new levels of success.  As the official old-timer on the UPS team, I am already dreaming about having some leisure time to do some of the other things I love, maybe learn how to play piano, get in shape and certainly work on my ass fishing will be good places to start.  In the near-term, I am looking forward to seeing many of the participants on todays call in the upcoming meetings or conferences that Richard and I make visits during this transition. So, thanks to everyone for your well wishes today and I look forward to seeing many of you as the part of our upcoming meetings.  With that, our call is adjourned.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Wilkins - IR David Abney - CEO Kurt Kuehn - CFO Jim Barber - International President Myron Gray - President of U.S. Operations Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Commercial Officer
Analysts: Chris Wetherbee - Citi David Vernon - Sanford Bernstein Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Tom Wadewitz - UBS Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Nate Brochmann - William Blair Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Scott Group - Wolfe Research Helane Becker - Cowen Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets David Campbell - Thompson Davis
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brad. I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Joe Wilkins, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead, sir. The floor is yours.
Joe Wilkins: Good morning and welcome to the UPS fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, along with International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which are described in detail in or 2013 Form 10-K and 2014 10-Qs. These reports are available on the UPS investor relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. As previously disclosed there were two accounting events that influenced our fourth quarter and full year results. First, expense recognition related to our company-sponsored pension and postretirement plans. A 90 basis point decline in average year-end discount rates more than offset improved asset returns. This led to a noncash mark-to-market after tax charge of $670 million. Second, recent contract gratifications triggered the recognition of $22 million in after tax charges for our second quarter transfer of certain Teamster employees to union healthcare plans, neither of these charges affect benefits paid to plan participants or required pension funding. Ignoring the impact of these charges, diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter were $1.25 and GAAP earnings were $0.49. A tutorial has been provided on the IR website to provide additional information on mark-to-market accounting. In our remarks today, all quarterly and full year comments and comparisons will refer to adjusted results. In addition, we will discuss UPS's free cash flow which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The webcast of today's call along with a reconciliation of free cash flow and adjusted results, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and just a reminder, as on previous calls, please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Now we'll turn the call over to David.
David Abney: Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings review. By now I suspect almost everyone on the call reviewed the press release and Kurt's audio message from January 23, those that did understand that we're disappointed in fourth quarter financial results but pleased with our strong service levels. Peak season 2014 provided us an opportunity to deliver excellent service during periods where UPS volume more than doubles. To meet the challenge, we invested in capacity with new facilities, automation and expanded operations. It was important to fortify the trust of customers and protect our brand and from that perspective, UPS was successful. UPSers around the world went the extra mile to ensure service levels remained high throughout the holiday season and our customers were delighted with the results. The management team and I received numerous calls and emails from customers of all sizes. They expressed their appreciation for the efforts of UPSers. I'm extremely proud of our team and the service they provided this year. And while we met our commitments to serve customers, we certainly did not achieve our financial objectives. Executing an efficient operating plan to meet the surge in demand is complex. Ultimately, we erred on the side of caution and built an operating plan that would provide superior service if volume levels exceeded expectations, contributing to higher than expected costs. In addition, the rapid growth of online retail over the last few years has pushed us beyond our normal peak workload and limited our traditional economies of scale. To illustrate the enormity of peak season, consider that during this peak we averaged over 30 million deliveries per day. Looking back just two short years ago, that's about 6 million more per day than we handled in 2012. In those two years, we saw peak volumes go from 55% above our average day to 75%. This is a trend we expect to continue as e-commerce expands its influence over the retail sector. Going forward, there are two clear paths to improved results. As we laid out at our investor conference, UPS will continue our long term initiatives to invest in technology and capabilities, ultimately bending the cost curve lower. While at the same time we will pursue specific revenue initiatives that will improve yields and ensure we achieve our financial objectives. Looking shorter term, there were obvious cost overruns that will be addressed. On the operating side of the equation, we will improve production with a tighter dispatch, improve helper utilization and reduce overtime. We will expand hub capacity in key areas ultimately reducing the need for temporary sorts. Additional hiring and training costs associated with staffing the new sorts and facilities will be reduced going forward with the permanent capacity expansions. We made the decision to conduct full operations on Black Friday this year with the expectation of smoothing the network during Cyber Week. While we did achieve benefits for our hub and feeder network, the pickup and delivery network was underutilized. In 2015, we will adjust operations as needed. Purchase transportation expense including contract carriers in TOFC will be optimized with more efficient use in 2015. In addition, we will improve our cost profile through the acceleration of ORION deployment and enhanced operation technology. We will be implementing peak residential surcharges that are differentiated from our nonpeak time of year on a customer segmented basis. These surcharges will focus on SurePost and residential packages. In some cases, these changes will be implemented over a multi-year period as contracts come due. These pricing strategies will be designed to ensure we're properly compensated for the value we provide. We will align revenue with cost, extracting the value for the investment in our network, especially during peak periods. The control tower was put into effect in 2014 and was mainly focused on capacity management. In 2015, the control tower will continue to focus on capacity management and also be utilized more for revenue and yield growth opportunities. I'm confident our team will manage costs, tighten up the plan, keep service levels high. At the same time, we will implement rational new revenue actions to improve yield during this period. UPS has a high value offering in the market which our customers appreciate. These steps will further align value, cost and yield. Overall, the other two business segments performed fairly well this quarter and Kurt will provide you more details in a moment. Looking to the future, the global economy is expected to be modestly stronger in 2015 with global GDP and exports increasing at a faster pace. While the U.S. economy is expanding, parts of Europe and Asia are expecting slower growth. Fortunately for UPS, there are opportunities for growth outside general economic expansion. E-commerce is expected to outpace global GDP growth by fourfold and cross border e-commerce at 7 times. Concentrated investment in growth industries like healthcare and retail put UPS in the position to capitalize on market expansion. One way our government can help advance economic growth is by supporting global trade. We were pleased hearing the President's support for advancing trade promotion authority. We continue to urge Congress to pass PPA legislation that will facilitate new trade agreements. Free trade enables businesses to gain access to new markets and compete on a level playing field. Before I turn it over to Kurt, I want to emphasize that we're resolute in improving the financial performance of the company. During the next couple of years, the cost initiatives will provide escalating benefits and the revenue strategies will continue to be implemented. We're 100% committed to our long term financial targets that we shared in November. UPS is focused on the key points of our long term strategy which include investing to position UPS for future growth, developing innovative industry-specific solutions and adapting our B2C delivery model to improve profitability. Keep in mind this is a multi-year transition. 2015 will be a year of progress and we expect solid growth in all three business segments. I'm confident we have the right strategy, the right solutions and the right people to deliver on these objectives. Now Kurt will take you through the financials.
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, David and good morning everyone. Back on January 23, I shared with you our performance during peak season and I also committed to provide you additional details on today's call. Now I'll provide you with more information on our results, as well as further insights into what we expect in 2015. UPS fourth quarter earnings per share were $1.25. The U.S. Domestic segment results came in less than planned due to higher than anticipated peak operating costs. Meanwhile International results were in-line when adjusted for currency and onetime items and the supply chain segment was pretty much on plan. On the positive side, our revenue growth was 6.1%, the best we've seen in some time. Now I'll take you through the segment details. The U.S. Domestic average daily package volume for the quarter was up 6.6% driving total revenue up 7.5%, daily shipments for ground increased by 7% which includes over a 28% jump in SurePost shipments. Deferred Air increased 11% while Next Day Air declined by 3%. The drop in Next Day Air was primarily due to changes in the holiday calendar and distribution channels including the proliferation of omni-channel. This year retailers employing a local distribution strategy increased by 50% and the number of stores participating was up by 30%. Products distributed closer to the consumer have resulted in some trade down from premium products, package yields declined by 0.8%. Underlying base rate increases were offset by lower fuel surcharges and changes in product mix. This does mark however another quarter of improving trends in both reported yields and underlying base rates. Operating profit was $63 million lower than last year as operating margin contracted 150 basis points to 11.4%. In total, U.S. domestic operating cost was more than $200 million higher than anticipated. During the quarter, operations ran well in October. However, the opening of an unprecedented number of new buildings and sorts in November caused a notable decline in productivity as operations geared up for peak. Early seasonal hiring and training, as well as working nontraditional operating days, contributed to excess hours. As a result, direct labor hours per day increased by 11%, outside carrier costs were up 65% due to both increased usage and higher rates. Also contributing to the cost overrun was the disruption to our network from the West Coast port dispute. On a positive note, we're seeing benefits from ORION as miles driven increased just 5.8%. As David mentioned earlier, we're committed to lowering our long term operating costs while at the same time implementing pricing strategies that ensure we're properly compensated for the additional cost of peak season operations. Now looking at our International segment, the volume growth was healthy and operating profit showed positive momentum. In fact, if you strip away the currency impact and the onetime items, fourth quarter performance was very good. Total International revenue when adjusted for currency was up 5.9% and daily shipments increased by 4.3%. Our International Export volume was up 5.2% with high single digit growth in Europe and double-digit gains on the Europe to U.S. trade lane. Average revenue per package was down 0.6% on a currency-neutral basis. This is actually a continuation of an improving trend in yield. Total operating profit was flat with last year at $536 million and operating margin declined slightly to 15.6%. International results were negatively impacted by the fluctuations in global currencies, lowering operating profit by $40 million. UPS does hedge the major currencies like the euro, the British pound and the Canadian dollar. However, the volatility and rapid devaluation of our unhedged currencies in comparison to the U.S. dollar weighed on results. During the quarter, the segment also experienced $30 million in onetime items including a restructuring charge in Europe. The International business experienced increased in-country expenses especially in Europe where demand during peak season exceeded network capacity and did push costs higher. Now turning to Supply Chain & Freight which performed pretty much in-line with our expectations, revenue was 7.4% higher due to strong growth in Distribution and UPS Freight. Operating profit was up 5% to $179 million with an operating margin of 7.3%. Forwarding revenue improved slightly during the quarter primarily from strength in North American Air Freight. Operating profits declined as gains in Ocean and North America were offset by the continued challenges in the International Air Freight unit. Distribution revenue was up more than 10% while operating profit improved by 9%. Growth in the retail and healthcare sectors offset a slight decline in high tech. UPS Freight expanded operating profit and margin over the prior year. Revenue increased by 8.6% to $773 million during the fourth quarter. LTL tonnage increased by 5% and LTL revenue per hundredweight was up 2.4%. Now for an update on our cash position, for the full year 2014, UPS generated $3.4 billion in free cash flow. This includes after tax contributions of $800 million to company sponsored pension plans and $1.5 billion for the transfer of certain union employees to multi-employer healthcare plans. UPS made capital expenditures of approximately $2.3 billion, slightly below our $2.5 billion guidance due to the timing of project payments at year-end. In addition, the company paid dividends of $2.4 billion, an increase of 8.1% per share. UPS repurchased 26.4 million shares for approximately $2.7 billion. In total, the company returned over 100% of net income to shareowners in 2014. Looking now at our expectations for 2015, as we look at the year, continued investment in making the business model more flexible and adaptable will weigh more on operating margin expansion than originally anticipated. However, this is absolutely the right thing to do to position UPS to capitalize on future market growth opportunities. The company expects growth across all business units with earnings per share of 6% to 12%. This includes a $240 million headwind from pension expense and currency. Overall operating profit is expected to improve 5% to 9%. Total shipments per day are anticipated to rise about 4% with revenue up 3% to 4%. Excluding the fuel impact, underlying revenue growth would be 5% to 6%. Now looking at the segments, the U.S. Domestic Package volume is expected to increase by approximately 4% with revenue up at a similar rate. We're expecting solid base rate improvements due to dim weight and other and other pricing initiatives. However, the gains will be mostly offset by lower fuel surcharges which will be around a 200 basis point drag on package yield. Operating profit is anticipated to increase by 5% to 9%. International shipments should grow by 3% to 4% with revenue growth of 2% to 3%. Falling surcharges in International will lower yields by approximately 300 basis points. Operating profit is expected to increase by 6% to 12% with currency being a $50 million drag. Supply Chain & Freight revenue is expected to grow 2% to 3% as faster growth in Distribution and UPS Freight is offset by revenue management actions that we will be taking in Forwarding. Operating profit is expected to increase approximately 5% with modest margin improvement. UPS Freight will be challenged by the decline in fuel surcharge revenue as it isn't fully compensatory at the current low fuel prices. Total company 2015 diluted earnings per share are anticipated to increase 6% to 12% to a range of $5.05 to $5.30 and our effective tax rate is anticipated to be about 35.5%. Looking specifically at the quarters, there will be variability in the quarterly results due to the year-over-year comparisons. We expect the first and fourth quarters' earnings per share growth of be higher than the year's average while the second and third quarters will fall below. Looking at the balance sheet, we're planning 2015 capital expenditures of approximately 5% of revenue or about $3 billion as hub automation and capacity expansion projects accelerate. Share repurchases in 2015 are expected to be $2.7 billion continuing our philosophy of robust distributions to shareowners and of course, dividend growth will remain a priority. So 2014 was a year of demonstrating our ability to handle the peak surges and we met that challenge. 2015 will be a year of continuous improvement and positioning UPS for the future. Advances in our strategic initiatives have great potential for the company. E-commerce growth, operations technology implementation, emerging market expansion and industry-specific solutions will all provide momentum for UPS as we move throughout this year and into the future. Well thanks for listening. That completes our prepared remarks and we're ready to take your questions. I'll turn it back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Chris Wetherbee with Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citi: Just wanted to ask I guess a question on pricing and the outlook for 2015. Kurt, as you kind of laid out the Domestic outlook on the revenue side, ex the fuel headwind, it seems like maybe there is I think a consistent amount of core pricing embedded in the guidance. I guess I just want to understand, as you're taking on some of these pricing initiatives to offset some of these costs, how quickly can you start to realize that? How much is in 2015? Does it take a little bit longer, 2016, 2017 and beyond to catch up on that pricing side? Thanks.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. Chris, you're right. There is certainly underlying momentum and if you look at the quarter-to-quarter changes, you can begin to see some of that picking up already. We did say at our investor conference that we expect our base rates to be at the high end of the 2% to 3% targets that we normally have. So we're well on our way towards that, but it is a long term process and I'll have Alan talk a little bit about some of the moving parts with that.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so we're certainly expecting throughout 2015 including peak, to see additional revenue for piece improvements just like Kurt alluded to last year. We saw quarter-over-quarter gains from the second, third to the fourth quarter and that's going to continue into 2015. Certainly the Ground dim weight changes are going to impact the 2015 results. We're also continuing to work with our customers on their packaging to obtain mutual cost reductions. So we will see a little bit of impact there on the cost side. So we're going to see improvements throughout 2015 and it is going to be on the high end of the 2% to 3%.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, although it certainly will be masked a bit, as I said, with fuel surcharges down a couple hundred basis points, but we feel very confident that the underlying momentum is strong.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Vernon with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: So it sounds like the overshoot on costs in this fourth quarter and I'm trying to understand how the $200 million extra that we spent in the fourth quarter kind of plays into the guidance for next year. Should we be expecting that that level of inefficiency that we saw in the fourth quarter you guys are sort of baking some of that into the model or are you guys also adding additional operating expense into 2015 that's keeping that cost recovery that we had been expecting in this year from last year out of the numbers and out of the guidance numbers?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, maybe let's start, David, I know, wanted to at least put a recap onto peak season of 2014. He can talk a little bit about what our intentions were and then we can migrate from that into guidance.
David Abney: Yes, first, our main priority going into peak was protecting the brand. After 2013, we just felt that was something we absolutely had to do. We were successful in doing that. We also made significant progress working with our customers in forecasting capacity, vision, visibility and communications, but the cost associated with providing this quality of service was greater than expected. We built our operating plans to accommodate higher volume and that was based on the volume surge of 2013. So we certainly erred on the side of caution. We did overbuild to some extent and that is the basis for some of our 2015 initiatives where we will be able to eliminate some of that expense lessons learned from 2014.
Kurt Kuehn: So I think as we look into 2015, we were certainly a little concerned and surprised at the challenges of opening up so many operations in November. It's really unprecedented for us and that was the primary disconnect I think that happened between where we thought we were heading. Just bringing that much capacity on after what had been a breakneck speed on the engineering and operations side getting ready overshot. So we're a little cautious I guess going forward, twice burned thrice wise and so as we look into 2015, this forecast does assume that a higher portion of that expense -- the peak season added expense stays with us. Clearly over time, we will work through it, but right now at least that guidance does assume more drag in the fourth quarter. Certainly the revenue will help to cover that because we do feel that cost is maybe more structural than we thought. That's why we're focusing more on revenue. We do think over time though fourth quarter will become much more profitable. It wasn't too many years ago, just a couple of years ago where the fourth quarter was our most profitable quarter but it is going to take us a few years to get there.
David Vernon: And does the guide also have some of that peak season surcharge in it as well?
Kurt Kuehn: Some portion, yes.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Kurt, coming off that comment about how the fourth quarter used to be the most profitable. I mean, you know, David in your prepared remarks here, obviously your customers like the service that you provide in the fourth quarter definitely better than where you were in 2013 and with 6% volume growth and operating earnings down, I'm sure customers do like that outcome, but your shareholders obviously have a little bit different priorities here which a lot of them are taking significant risk investing in a cyclical stock like yours. And if we can't convert the upside right now in a very robust growth period, ultimately we're going to be exposed to a lot of cyclical downside whenever the economy does potentially roll over. So I guess with you being in the leadership role here for the last half year now, what is the real priority of UPS going forward for the next few years because it's been a while since you guys have hit your long term earnings growth targets and it seems like the discussion here is all about additional capacity, additional service. It doesn't sound like there's a lot of aggressiveness to take yield from customers which are obviously benefiting from all these additions you have put in the network. So can you tell your shareholders what is the priority here? Is it really returns and a financial focus or is it more about protecting the brand and potentially this is a cycle where we just don't hit those long term growth targets because we're putting so much capacity in the marketplace and underestimating on the pricing ability?
David Abney: Well first, let me tell you that we certainly take our responsibility to our investors very seriously. In fact, when I talk about this first priority of protecting the brand, we believe that was necessary in order to take care of the interest of our investors, but let me focus on and I know we covered it at the investors conference, but, based on peak, I'll really focus on a couple of things to solve the peak issues that we saw and then we can of course talk about the entire year of 2015. One is it is a cost reduction story and we're going to ask Myron in just a second to really focus on some specific things that we're doing that will be in the best interest of the shareholders, lessons learned, lessons learned, things that we will be able to improve this year. We can also talk a little more long term. But the other thing and we mentioned it at the investor conference, but the tone is much, much stronger today is that we're taking this revenue management side very serious. The fact that we realized some of these extra costs in peak are going to be with us for a few years has just made us that much more determined. So what you're hearing today is that we absolutely will charge our customers more for the extra costs that we have in peak and that we absolutely are pushing our foot down harder from a revenue management side. So Myron, why don't you talk a little bit about some of the cost initiatives and what you're going to do this year?
Myron Gray: Thank you, David. We will continue to ultimately bend the cost curve lower by our continued deployment of ORION, by the end of 2015, we will have over 70% of our drivers deployed. We'll continue with automation and modernization and then, of course, there are other operational technologies and innovations that we'll continue to focus on such as driving density with SDS, SurePost Redirect and we're going to continue with our deployment of Access Points to take cost out of the system. As David and Kurt both alluded to earlier, we erred on the side of caution considering the peak surge of 2013. However, there were a lot of lessons that were learned. I'll give you just one example, we made the decision to conduct a full operation on Black Friday in the intention of smoothing out demand on our network during cyber week. While that benefited our hub and feeder operations, we did underutilize our pickup and delivery operations. We'll make the necessary adjustments in 2015 to cut the cost.
David Abney: And just wanted to sum that question up, were certainly focused on our long term strategies. We're 100% committed to the long term financials that we reviewed for the time period 2015 through 2019 during our investor conference. So we have not backed up from those numbers. We do have some challenges that we have to address and we certainly will do so.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Tom Wadewitz from UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: I wanted to focus a little bit more on the revenue actions that you're talking about. It sounds like this is primarily focused on peak, but is there any element of saying that's broad or that says we just need to be more aggressive on price and so we're going to look for more in base rate with our B2C shippers? And also I guess just in terms of understanding the magnitude I think you said $200 million difference in cost in fourth quarter. I don't know if you would say it is $200 million or more than that shortfall in operating income probably more than that. So is half of that shortfall going to be on these peak season price changes, so you're looking for a couple hundred million or what's just the magnitude of that pricing change when you look at the peak? Thanks.
Kurt Kuehn: Well clearly Tom, the solution for the fourth quarter for us in peak is really two-pronged. We're going to need to improve operations, streamline it, lessons learned, find how can we scale up 100% without driving our marginal cost so high that it's unprofitable and we've got a number of initiatives there both physical capacity and operating changes. And then the other path equally important is the yield side to make sure that for that disproportionate increase, we do need to increase yield and also as we've talked, certainly we're more focused on yield in aggregate because of the -- last year was a brand-building and capacity-building and this year clearly the value is there. So Alan can talk a little more on the revenue side.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes certainly, as we said before, the Ground dim weight changes are going to amplify the impact in 2015 and go a long way to increasing the yields and specifically in the B2C market, as well as more broadly and as peak has become more costly, there has been additional pressure on the margin. So going forward, we do plan to better align the revenue against this increased cost. So we're going to focus on residential and peak surcharges for specific customer segments and we're firming our strategy to better align revenue with costs during peak season as well as throughout the year. Certainly also very focused on the value creation that UPS does with our customers and ensuring that we're getting paid for that.
David Abney: One other addition to the peak pricing is this past year we really focused on a control tower from a capacity management standpoint and we had a lot of success from that end. This year, the control tower is still going to be focused on capacity management, but also will be focused on taking more revenue action for those real peak weeks. So it's going to be a big step for us from a revenue management standpoint.
Kurt Kuehn: I think one thing maybe we could bridge to a little bit is certainly the revenue management is a critical part of peak. Outside the U.S. where we're a little farther ahead with some of our alternative delivery modes, we're looking at both revenue enhancement and also some cost reduction with our Access Points network. So Jim maybe you could talk a little bit about how the e-commerce surge is working for you guys internationally.
Jim Barber: Sure. I think that, Kurt to that point, I think one thing you have to first look to is that as you move outside the U.S., depending on what part of the world you are in, you have got different market characteristics, capabilities and situations and operating models. So it really does present us some unique opportunities as we've grown this International business to experiment in different ways.  Our Access Points are up to about 16,000 outside the U.S., when we bought that company; they were at about 6500 so we've organically over doubled that network. It's providing us good opportunity and benefits in this B2C space to actually get at this and provide different solutions to customers and you would also probably have noted the acquisition of i-parcel that gets us into this cross-border e-commerce as well here recently that we plan to roll out globally. So lots of change on the forefront and International provides us a great platform to experiment and grow the business.
Operator: And we do have question from the line of Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bill Greene: Kurt or David, I wanted to ask you about the rest of the year. So obviously, peak has all of its challenges that we're aware of given the increase in the peak volumes and you'll do what you can with the surcharges and whatnot and I'm sure you'll work hard on the cost there, but is there something to be said for trying to smooth this out not by managing peak but more increasing the volume in first, second and third quarters to the point where if we have added structural costs, the average profitability in the other periods gets much better and peak will just do what peak does? So the real key here is getting more balance through increasing throughput in the first three quarters to adjust for those structural costs. Is there an argument for that or does that not make sense in your mind?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, Bill, it's a great argument. We would love to have the rest of the year pumped up that high if we could scale to it. Certainly what you're seeing is an industry in transition and part of the challenges that we're wrestling with is this factor of peak versus the rest of the year has gotten much more extreme. So what used to have very low marginal cost for us as we grew the volume has gone beyond that. I think one silver lining to your comment is that we're seeing an uptick in our commercial growth. Our B2B business was up over 3% in the fourth quarter. So as the U.S. economy has begun to broaden its expansion and the industrial manufacturing components grow, that does actually help to grow the other quarters frankly. What we have seen up until last year was a small package growth business driven primarily by B2C which exaggerates the Q4. So Alan I know has a big focus on these industry-specific solutions and Alan, maybe you could talk about how are we tackling the opportunity and the rest of the segments.
Alan Gershenhorn: We've certainly seen a revitalization of growth outside of the B2C retail market. Five of our top six industries are growing now and we're very, very focused on healthcare, high tech and the industrial manufacturing segment and creating value for those segments to create more year-round type of opportunities for UPS versus the peakiness of retail.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Nate Brochmann with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Nate Brochmann: I wanted to follow up back on Tom's question regarding the pricing and getting the surcharges and that certainly all makes sense in terms of going back and getting paid for all that high service. But how far kind of going back to a question not too, too long ago, how far do you think you can really push that without foreseeing those various shippers to go in a different direction? Youve often talked about maybe some competing opportunities out there for them and I know it's a growing space, but how do you balance that in terms of pushing that price to the point where you don't push your shippers to go think of different alternatives?
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly that's the judgment that we have. We have long term relationships with our customers and we tend not to have dramatic price swings as part of the value proposition as a large company for us to do. But that is clearly part of the activity and Alan, I know you guys have talked about but this is really a multi-year cycle as contracts come due, right?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So you're right, but we do have a long history of revenue management that balances aligning the revenue with the cost and also the value that we provide to our customers while maintaining a fair and rational pricing environment. So we think that the GRI we just implemented, the dim weight changes that we're already seeing the effect on are going to pay some dividends in 2015. It is a multi-year process with some of our customers because they do have multi-year agreements, but we do expect to see positive results from the actions we're taking during 2015.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: In terms of using the tower for volume seemed to work well in trying to allay some of the volumes to different dates, but adding 100,000 temp workers for a few days. How quickly can the surcharges be implemented to smooth out those peak days and when you think about getting a return on the investment for the $3 billion? You're jumping CapEx nearly 30%. So just wondering the balance of those permanent costs in hiring 100,000 workers with the returns on those price increases?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, it is very difficult to just will the tower ever recover. Your incremental costs for just those few pieces over a threshold are challenging, that will be just one of many mechanisms that we deploy. So it is a multipronged process. We've accomplished the first step which was maintaining and sustaining the value of the brand and our commitment to our customers and going forward, as we said, we'll both reduce our costs with more streamlined operations as we get a little smarter in handling these spikes and also pursue revenue in a number of fronts, not just control tower.
David Abney: As we invest in the capacity of our buildings and facilities and vehicles and others, you got to remember that we still expect a real high return on invested capital. And we've said before, we'll continue to say that we expect a 25% to 30% return. So these investments are made with the investor in mind and it is to get the return that our investors have become used to and that we certainly are committed to continuing.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin Sterling: Kurt, I think in your prepared remarks you talked about products being closer to the consumer which resulted in some trade down from premium products. I want to ask you kind of going forward do you think this trade down will continue as you say more distribution centers are built? I would think this trend might continue that way, but I would love to hear your thoughts looking forward regarding products closer to the consumer in the trade down.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Kevin, I guess there is really two things that are going on. One of them is really a comparison to last year where a number of customers given the challenges of peak accelerated and traded up, but the other one is more of a structural issue and we do think that Next Day Air, at least for B2C fulfillment is likely to decline over time. We think the B2B as the industrial base grows there is good opportunity. But, Alan, I know this omni-commerce omni-channel is quite a trend that's revolutionizing retail.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so like we've said before we're seeing a significant amount more of our brick-and-mortar retailers utilizing the inventory from their stores to fulfill the e-commerce needs of their distribution centers. So this year, we've got about 120 retailers, nearly 22,000 stores that have the ability to ship packages now using omni-channel solutions and this year we've added about 41 retailers and more than 5000 stores in 2014. So we expect this trend to continue and certainly echo Kurt's comments on how the retail industry and e-commerce is going to handle the overnight or shorter shipping timeframes.
Kurt Kuehn: It does make for some year-over-year changes in distribution patterns that keep us busy though.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: So wanted to follow up on the pricing, there has been good kind of broad discussion, but maybe we can put some numbers around it. Is there any way that you can talk about how much your cost per package has gone up domestically and maybe that's a way to quantify how much pricing you need to get to offset that cost? And just along those lines, just want to understand is the idea with the peak surcharges that fourth quarter is going to start being the most profitable margin quarter again?
Kurt Kuehn: Well certainly that's our goal over time, Scott. We think it is the time when the capital is fully deployed, so to recover cost of capital for that it should have our highest margin. It's also the time of the greatest demand. So for I think six years up till 2012 we had I think both the highest margin and the highest profit in the company in the fourth quarter. So is this a challenge for the company? Absolutely. Have we figured it out and operated successfully in the past? Yes. It's just gone beyond that economy of scale to where the added volume is creating diseconomies. We will get this solved. It is a two-pronged process with operational enhancements, some automation, some smart capacity and efficiency and also making sure that price recovers it. So we really can't decompose all of that stuff at this point yet, but it is job one for us and it's a great problem to have. We're disappointed that we over swung last year.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Helane Becker from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: I was just wondering if we could get away from the fourth quarter for a second and just look out to 2015 and the first quarter and what you're seeing. I was just wondering if you can make some general comments about what you're seeing in the economy, maybe with a specific comment to what you're seeing from your corporate accounts who are energy focused and if there is something you can fill us in about what you're seeing there.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, our exposure to the energy sector is not huge. There is not a tremendous amount of small package. But clearly all industries are having an impact over time with this low energy cost. On the procurement side, it will ripple through into reduced prices we hope for things like tires and some of our commodities. Clearly, the fuel surcharge changes our impact. We did mention that the UPS Freight and the LTL surcharges are a bit of a challenge, but we think in general the reduced fuel prices are good for the economy and will help certainly the U.S. continue to grow. I think trends so far in January -- certainly things look better than they did a year ago at this time because of the incredible disruption of all the snowstorms. Although those people in Detroit and Chicago right now may not be feeling that way. So we feel pretty good in general. I know, Jim, around the globe anyway, the Chinese New Year is a little later than normal. Maybe you could talk a little bit about trade flows and anything you guys are seeing.
Jim Barber: Well I think it's just as you said. We're about where we thought we would be and of course, year-over-year it's different because of weather and some other options. I think the port delays are presenting some unique trade patterns. I think generally though, since that port delay is heavy into the oceanside of the supply chains that really presents some challenges for our customers. We've been at it for a year now actually. We started last February 2014 with webinars with all of our folks and customers to give them solutions and some of that you've seen appear in Myron's side of the business when it actually gets into -- because you've got to get into the port, through the port and out of the port and that's where our network provides some really good options. So I would say the port would be the big one and the wildcard here going forward as it moves from freight off the ocean, not so much into the air, but other surface modes as it appears in the U.S. side of the business.
David Abney: Just a couple things on the economy. one is things seem to be continuing to be going up or getting slowly better in the U.S. Unemployment rates are getting much down, very close to prerecession rates and consumer confidence is increasing and it's one of the reasons that we believe that our revenue is going to continue to grow and grow at a good pace in this year in the U.S. In Europe, of course, there's a lot of concern about the economy there, but our results have been and continue to be much better than we're seeing from an economic standpoint. Jim, could you talk a little bit about the transborder in Europe and the success we've seen there?
Jim Barber: Sure. As we know, the transborder network, we've talked about it many times on the previous calls it continues to drive our growth. You've seen that in the export numbers. Kurt mentioned about a year ago we would continue to reinvest in Europe, his number at that time was about $1 billion. We actually have sized it for the next five years. It's actually above that. We won't get to the specific numbers because there's changes, but it's above $1 billion and we believe that investment in essentially the Western side of the European operations, A, is needed, but, B, can bend that cost curve as we talked about it back to some of the days where it was at its best. So we would continue to do that. The other wildcard I would mention at the same time though, David is I think the strength of the dollar will have implications going forward that we're going to have to watch as trade patterns move around that, so that would be another wildcard, but we're happy with Europe and its continued growth for the business.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford: Jim, maybe if we could just continue down that path and focus on international freight forwarding for a moment. There was some acknowledged weakness this quarter. I would be interested in your perspective on the yield dynamics in the fourth quarter and how you see that playing out in 2015. It seems as though there is a desire for some more yield discipline in that space, whether that comes through or not, I would be interested in your take. And then also if you could include your perspective on some of the attempted changes from the air freight carriers to comingle fuel surcharge with base rates and what effect that might have for 2015 as well that would be helpful. Thanks.
Jim Barber: Sure. I appreciate it. So if you look at our forwarding unit like many, we've got the ocean product, we've got the surface stuff; we've got the air products. Our North American operation, we continue to see it grow and do very nicely for us. Ocean was a turnaround story for the last five years. It continues to do really well for UPS and our customers and bring differentiated solutions to them. The air freight issue for us, you might have heard me say a couple times previously that we had some overexposure to some verticals around military and so forth. At this point, I think it's all about the mix of our air freight product. We're still heavily concentrated in some of the enterprise segments of the business. We believe we've got capacity going forward to extend that product into the middle market in a different way and change the mix and the structure, we will do that. You would see that in some of our guidance going forward with respect to a bit of a slower growth and so we'll manage that yield and the kilo growth which you've seen really good growth over the last couple years, but we believe it's time for us to shift. Your second question really got at this issue of fuel and the mixing of that into transportation. In fact, it's already started to happen with a dip in the oil. We've got some different looks at that. Obviously each organization has to deal with that and how they see that, but yes that is happening in the market right now with the concept of trying to split that apart in a different way and capture that dropping oil price. We have some solutions and some strategies to make sure that we do that on an equitable basis, but right now as we move out in the first part of the year, our strategy remains as I just walked you through and we will obviously have to deal with the fuel dip going forward, but we feel like we've got good controls in place to do that.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: I'm kind of pulling us back into peak on U.S. Domestic. Obviously, you're going to try a lot on the yield side going into 2015. I'm just curious on the cost side. There is so much opportunity and you're talking of structurally higher costs and sounding very conservative, but with driving density, SurePost Redirect now feeling like maybe the pendulum has swung a little bit to the other side on overtime and training. It seems like there is a lot of opportunity, I guess Myron, perhaps for you, is that something that you're going to be conservative and be cautious and protect brand again in 2015 may be planning for 2016 or is there real opportunity there and we should potentially view some conservatism in that guidance? Thanks.
David Abney: Let me just kick that off with our long term initiatives that we've talked about are certainly going to be very important to us over the next three to five years and so we're going to continue to bend this cost curve. We're going to continue to use technology and accelerate ORION deployment and our automation. All of those will help us from a long term perspective and we're going to continue to use other operational technology. But there are some real specific things that we need to do this year to reduce our costs and Myron, why don't you review some of the specifics.
Myron Gray: Earlier and my statement reflected on Black Friday operations, but certainly there are additional things that we'll certainly do and one is certainly not to err so much on the side of being cautious. In certain locations where we probably brought helpers on too early during peak, we obviously drove up our contract carrier costs by going out and securing contract carriers earlier in peak and paid a premium for them. We won't do that moving forward next year. We obviously -- also in some cases drove our driver paid day too low and added too many drivers. We'll have a tighter dispatch this year and we'll seek to have driver paid days that resemble peaks of the past. And we've also made some significant progress working with our customers on forecasting and as we get additional visibility tools, we can tighten our dispatch on a daily basis. However, peak does continue to be more complex and it will require that we run a tight dispatch. So we'll certainly plan to do that and make the obvious cost improvements that we can while we continue to invest in hub modernization and show that these peak operations that we have won't drive so much training and associated costs with them, but we will operate much tighter this year in 2015.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Tom Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Tom Kim: Staying on the topic of peak season, what seems to be -- over the last few years what we can easily derive is the fact that predicting demand around the peak season is obviously difficult and you and the shippers can try to influence the timing of shipping, but I would think that demand will remain uncertain which leads me to think that there probably should be more focus on just controlling your capacity and your cost and I guess what's missing in today's conversation is your willingness to simply walk away from business and more specifically I'm wondering like how are you thinking about setting volume caps? Thank you.
David Abney: I will start that out and then hand it over to Alan. But the control tower absolutely did what you're talking about during the very peak moments. Now the purpose of it wasn't to see how much volume we can turn away. The purpose was how we could work with customers to maybe change the timing, maybe change the operating plan so that we could handle their needs. We also though made it very clear especially on peak days through this control tower that we would not be able to take additional volume and we had good cooperation from our customers from that. So Alan, do you want to talk a little more?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, look I mean, we're always going to have a max capacity of what we can handle and we certainly need to manage to that considering obviously the revenue and cost and profitability implications. But like Myron said, we've come a long way this past year in really working with our top shippers to coordinate our planning activities to understand how much volume they were going to have and we came to mutual agreements on that. We will do even more of that next year and we're certainly going to be looking at our capacity, but also looking at the revenue cost and P&L implications going forward understanding that we never want to turn business away if we don't have to.
Tom Kim: I guess I'm just a little bit confused because on the last call Myron had talked about being able to adjust capacity if the demand expectations were optimistic and I'm just wondering what had sort of gone wrong there, what was missed given that the control tower was intended to foresee how volumes were going to be shaping up and then adjusting around that. So if you could just help flesh that out a little bit, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think the big issue is just that the demand has become much more spiky at the very beginning of peak and at the very end. And so forecast aside, the shape of demand around the cyber weekend and then the weekend before Christmas was the big spikes and there just wasn't as much needed in that flat period.
David Abney: And we did increase customer collaboration and made a lot of improvements when it comes to forecasting. That is something that we still though will need to continue to work with our customers on.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Keith Schoonmaker with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Keith Schoonmaker: Both this morning and at the recent investor meeting, we've heard about UPS's commitment to investing in Europe. How would you characterize the current B2C growth in Europe, maybe what's the proportion of B2C in the most recent period? And then more importantly how applicable are the learnings from the U.S. peak season challenges in avoiding similar margin crunches in Europe?
Jim Barber: So I would say this. Obviously the business, as you can see is smaller relative to the U.S. and more disperse, but the same patterns actually exist internationally as they do in the U.S. It depends on what country you're in. I would tell you that the expansion of our Cologne operation has provided us great ability to move it transborder, but a lot of this does move domestically. I think you would have seen outside the U.S. some of our local competitors actually didn't make it through this peak. They actually as they say, kind of -- the investors pulled back on them. In the UK we had some issues and we think that our operating model does in fact with a combination of the Access Points and what we're looking at going forward give us the ability internationally to give our consumers choice on how they want this delivered at the right value proposition that in fact in the years to come may present some opportunities back in the U.S. And you're starting to see that with Myron rolling out Access Points, we're bringing My Choice to International. So it's a fee back-and-forth and we like where we're in that and Europe is our probably best market to prove that in the years to come.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of John Barnes with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Barnes: I hear your commentary around customer collaboration and I recognize the need to have those conversations, but if I'm looking at this incredible surge in volume a couple of times year and especially around peak season and there is only a couple of networks in this country that can handle that level of surge. I'm trying to understand why there has to be this level of collaboration. I mean the e-commerce revolution has taught us anything, its people want a lot and they don't want to pay a lot for it. So it seems to me like there is always going to be this give-and-take and if there is only a couple of networks and you're in what is essentially a duopoly situation, why not be more aggressive? Why does this have to take multiple years? Why can't this be a much more aggressive focus on one getting paid for what you're offering?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, John, I think certainly that is our focus. We may disagree on the speed and the intensity of it. This is a competitive market. It's not a duopoly, there are multiple players. Part of the value we create, part of why we extract such great returns is the long term success we help our customers get to. So it is a balancing act of trying to milk every dollar out of a couple of days versus creating a sustainable and profitable business year-round and that's the balancing act we're heading towards.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of David Campbell with Thompson Davis. Please go ahead.
David Campbell: Kurt, you mentioned in your presentation that you were estimating in 2015 a 5% increase in domestic packages, I think that's what you said. I just wondered in general it doesn't seem to reflect the fact that we have $50 oil and the possibility that we're going to get faster growth, not less growth. I'm just curious as to is the 4% growth estimate based on what you see today or does it reflect a longer-term benefit from lower oil prices? Just how does that all work out?
Kurt Kuehn: Well David, we're looking at about a 4% volume level and certainly there is some range in that number depending on how the economy goes. We did have a very strong year last year and we're cycling across some fairly large wins. There is also some issue that we may be a little more selective in volume. Clearly, it's the flip side of the revenue management initiative. So we think our guidance reflects both an improving economy and also a prudent growth path. So we think that's certainly a number that's in excess of GDP growth and that there may be more volume out there, but we will be somewhat selective especially if we're not appropriately compensated for it.
Operator: And that does conclude our Q&A today. I now turn the conference back to your host, Joe Wilkins. Please go ahead.
Joe Wilkins: Thank you, Brad. I appreciate it. And with that, I will turn it over to David for closing comments.
David Abney: All right, thanks, Joe. So yes, we do feel we have customers back onboard after providing a great service during peak. The financial results will improve as we take the steps to lower the cost curve and adjust pricing where necessary. The long term growth strategy for all of our business units that we laid out in November remains intact and will provide great opportunities for UPS in the future. UPS has always been a good place for investors, for customers, for employees and we certainly expect that to continue. And thank you for listening and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Wilkinson  IR David Abney  Chief Executive Officer Myron Gray  President, U.S. Operations Kurt Kuehn  Chief Financial Officer Alan Gershenhorn  EVP and CCO Jim Barber  President, UPS International
Analysts: David Vernon  Sanford Bernstein Thomas Kim  Goldman Sachs Brandon Oglenski  Barclays Capital Chris Wetherbee  Citigroup Ken Hoexter  Merrill Lynch Derek Rabe  Raymond James Bill Greene  Morgan Stanley Jeff Kauffman  Buckingham Research Kevin Sterling  BB&T Capital Markets Scott Group  Wolfe Research Allison Landry  Credit Suisse Keith Schoonmaker  Morningstar Ben Hartford  Robert W. Baird Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer Rob Salmon  Deutsche Bank Kelly Dougherty  Macquarie Helane Becker  Cowen & Company David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus Bascome Majors  Susquehanna David Campbell  Thompson Davis & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. My name is Stephen and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. And after the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note, we will take only one question from each participant to accommodate more analysts during the call. Thank you for your cooperation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Joe Wilkinson, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Joe Wilkinson: Good morning and welcome to the UPS third quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are David Abney, our CEO; Kurt Kuehn, our CFO; along with International President, Jim Barber; President of the U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments well make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2013 Form 10-K and 2014 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. In our remarks today, all quarterly and full year comments and comparisons will refer to adjusted results. In addition, we will discuss UPSs free cash flow which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The webcast of todays call along with the reconciliation of free cash flow and adjusted results are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. And just a reminder, as on previous calls, please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Before I turn it over David, I want to remind everyone of our Investor Conference on November 13th. UPS senior leaders will update you on our latest technology, customer solutions, as well as our long-term strategy and targets. In addition, we will provide 2015 guidance. For those registered, I'll look forward to seeing you at the conference. And for everyone else, the event will be webcast and available on our website. Now we'll turn the call over to Dave.
David Abney:  Thanks, Joe. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings review. Before I get into the business results, I want to take a moment to express my personal sadness about the tragic shooting that took place at one of our facilities in Birmingham, Alabama. Were a close knit team at UPS and this incident has touched all of us. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family and loved ones of those involved. The safety and well being of all 400,000 UPS-ers is a high priority for us and Im extremely proud of how our people responded to this tragedy, especially those in Birmingham. Now I would like to discuss our third quarter results. Balanced performance from all three segments delivered a record third quarter for UPS. Earnings improved 14% over last year to $1.32 per share. Total shipments increased 6.9% to 1.1 billion packages, the most ever in a non-peak quarter. The strong performance for the small package team provides momentum as we head into the fourth quarter. Overall, the global economic outlook has been mixed with primarily good news coming out of the U.S. and Asia while disappointing reports have recently surfaced in Europe. Trade between countries is a primary catalyst for economic growth. As part of my participation on the Presidents Export Council, I just returned from a visit to Poland and Turkey where we discussed practical ways to increase U.S. trade with these two important countries. UPS is a strong advocate for free trade agreements such as the trans-Atlantic and trans-Pacific trade pacts currently in negotiations. The key to advancing such trade agreements is the passage of Trade Promotion Authority. This legislation gives the administration the ability to negotiate trade agreements and present them for an up or down vote. We urge Congress to take action on this critical legislation. Looking more specifically at UPS, current market trends have provided a favorable environment for growth and we have been active this quarter enhancing our portfolio and expanding our capabilities. Earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of i-parcel. This cross-border e-commerce company facilitates the globalization of online retail. i-parcel dramatically simplifies cross-border trade by helping businesses localize their website, providing consumers in over 100 countries a seamless buying experience from the U.S. and UK based retailers. Cross-boarder e-commerce sales are expected to triple by 2018 to more than 300 billion. We are excited about the unique capability this acquisition brings to advancing the UPS global retail strategy. We also announced the expansion of two solutions aimed at enhancing the consumers' experience. Following a successful U.S. launch, UPS My Choice is now operating in 15 additional countries in Europe and North America. International consumers can now receive the personalized home delivery experience that 11 million U.S. members currently enjoy. Also, we expanded the UPS Access Point alternate delivery network to New York and Chicago with more U.S. cities to follow. By the end of 2015, we plan to increase the number of locations from 12,000 in Europe to more than 20,000 worldwide. This is a great example of how UPS continues to implement innovative ways to increase B2C profitability and improve the customer experience. In addition to these new solutions, UPS continues to invest around the globe. We announced new locations in Poland, expanded our forwarding and distribution networks in Myanmar and Thailand, while opening facilities in Mexico and Canada. Here in the U.S., we have increased network capacity to support our growth. These enhancements benefit UPS throughout the year and continue to prepare us for peak season. In a moment, Myron will take you through our peak plans and expectations. Were continuing to invest in our network enabling UPS to capitalize on sustained growth. Let me assure you, UPS is ready for the opportunities and challenges we expect to face this year. Now I would to turn it over to Myron.
Myron Gray:  Thanks, David and good morning. UPS has been preparing for peak season 2014 since December 26th last year. Weve made significant investments in new technology as well as both permanent and temporary capacity. The improvements were making will produce benefits for UPS far beyond this years peak season. Our people have been working hard to get everything ready for the holiday volume surge that typically starts during Thanksgiving week. This year the National Retail Federation is forecasting a 4.1% increase in total retail sales, a full 100 basis points higher than 2013. More importantly for UPS, online retail sales are expected to jump between 8% and 11%. This continued surge in web-based sales is not only fueled by online retailers, but also by the rapid adoption of omni-channel solutions. In fact, according to a survey conducted by Hay Group, 47% of retailers will have an omni-channel strategy in place compared to only 14% last year. These trends create opportunities and challenges for both retailers and for UPS. Thats why we've focused on increased collaboration with our largest retail customers. Agreements on shipment volume during peak season are critical to meeting both customers and UPS's expectations this year. During these discussions, customers have expressed their confidence in our ability to meet the peak season needs. At UPS, were gearing up for this growth. Weve added a full operating day on Black Friday in the U.S. and are bringing 49 additional hub sources online. In time for peak, well have 47 new, expanded or temporary facilities around the country. This added capacity provides the flexibility to handle higher volumes more efficiently. For example, weve opened expanded facilities outside Los Angeles and two in the Houston area. We also announced the opening of two new buildings in the fast growing Dallas market. North Bay, our first retrofit automated hub, will be operational in November. Weve also made improvements to our two largest facilities, Worldport and our Chicago consolidated hub adding sort capacity and unload doors. In addition, UPS has invested in the development of approximately 30 new technology solutions. These applications will improve package visibility, volume forecasting and customer communications. The UPS network and technology systems are ready for the wave of shipments we expect this peak season. In fact, for the month of December, deliveries are projected to increase 11% over last year. If current expectations are too optimistic, we will make adjustments to align network capacity to lower demand. Before I turn it over to Kurt, I have been visiting UPS facilities across the country, talking to our people. I walk away even more convinced of the great skills and passion our employees have. Were well prepared to handle the holiday surge and provide world-class service to all industry sectors. UPS is ready for peak. Now well turn it over to Kurt to discuss our results. Kurt?
Kurt Kuehn:  Well, thanks, Myron and good morning, everyone. After three tough quarters in a row, its great to be discussing positive results again. In fact, revenue growth was the highest weve seen in three years, up 5.7% over the third quarter of 2013. Global shipment volume of more than 17 million packages per day was 6.9% higher than last year. Operating profit increased 8.3% with growth across all segments. Operating margin expanded 40 basis points to 13.7%, our best non-peak results since 2007. Earnings per share of $1.32 were up 14%, aided somewhat by a slightly lower tax rate. Overall a solid quarter across the board. Now Ill take you through the segment details, looking first at U.S. domestic. revenue increased 5.3% to 8.7 billion resulting from a 6.9% increase in daily packages. E-commerce continues to be the catalyst for growth. However, B2B shipment gains of 3.4% were the highest weve seen in several years. Operating profit of $1.3 billion was 7.8% higher and margin expanded 30 basis points to 14.7%. Revenue per package declined 1.5% as product and customer mix changes offset base rate improvements. The primary reason for the yield reduction was the more than 50% jump in UPS SurePost volume. Total cost per package decrease by 1.9% leading the positive operating leverage. Several factors drove our cost per piece lower. We benefited from improvements in productivity, wage rate deflation and reductions to workers' compensation expense. These gains helped to offset the additional peak related projects and excess cost created by continued rail disruption. Now looking at our international segment. Total revenue improved 5.5% to $3.2 billion. Daily shipments increased by 6.7% with all regions of the world showing solid growth. Operating profit was up more than 10% to 460 million and margin expanded by 70 basis points to 14.5%. Local revenue and cost initiatives contributed to the margin expansion, while favorable currency and fuel prices also added to the bottom line. Average daily export shipments jumped by 9.4%, the result of robust growth out of Asia and Europe, up 16% and 14%, respectively. Volume from Asia to both the U.S. and Europe benefited somewhat from high-tech product launches at the end of the quarter. Non-U.S. domestic shipments improved by 5% with Canada, the UK and Italy leading the way. Revenue per package currency-neutral declined by 1% as a result of a 3.5% yield reduction in export products. High demand and shorter trade lines and product mix continued to pressure yields and offset base rate increases. Non-premium products grew by 16%, while our premium products grew by 5%. Turning to supply chain and trade. Revenue improved 7.4% to $2.4 billion with gains from all three business units. Operating profit of 215 million represented a 7% increase and operating margin was the same as last year at 8.9%. Forwarding and distribution revenue increased 7.4%. Forwarding benefited from higher air freight tonnage primarily in the government and high-tech sectors. In distribution, increased demand from retail and health care sector customers added to revenue gains. Our forwarding operating profit was down. The spread between third-party providers and customer rates out of Asia continued to pressure operating profit growth. Distribution operating profits improved as growth offset investments in acquisitions, technology and new facilities. UPS freight revenue was 7.9% higher due to LTL shipment increases of 4.7%. Both operating profit and margin improved and ground freight pricing growth has contributed to these positive results. Now for an update on our cash position. Through the first nine months of 2014, UPS generated 2.8 billion in free cash flow. Adjusted for one-times items, free cash flow was 4.6 billion. The company has paid 1.8 billion in dividend so far in 2014, representing an 8.1% increase per share. UPS has also repurchased nearly 21 million shares for approximately $2.1 billion. Year-to-date capital expenditures reached 1.4 billion and we do anticipate more than 1 billion in additional CapEx in Q4 as a significant number of projects will be completed in the fourth quarter. Looking at our expectations for the fourth quarter, as Myron told you, we expect to see higher demand for UPS services and we are ready for the increased volume. In the U.S., we expect average daily volume to increase between 5% and 6%. Yield should be down about 1% as a result of the continued SurePost product gains. Operating profit is expected to increase 11% to 13%. As we previously mentioned, we expect approximately $115 million in additional operating costs in the fourth quarter due to Black Friday operations, temporary capacity additions and the ORION implementation costs. For the international segment, reported growth rates are projected to slow in Q4 as a result of a number of large wins late last year and the addition of one extra U.S. operating day this year. Average daily volume and total revenue are expected to grow between 3% and 4%. International operating profit is expected to improve by 10% to 12% over the fourth quarter of 2013. In supply chain and freight, we expect mid to high single-digit revenue growth with similar operating profit gains. Our tax rate is forecast to be 35% for the fourth quarter. So in summary, UPS produced solid performance this quarter and were maintaining our full year guidance for earnings per share to be in the range of $4.90 to $5. We look forward to sharing our outlook for 2015 and beyond when we meet in New York next month. This completes our prepared remarks and were ready to take your questions. Ill turn it back to the operator.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Mr. David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon - Sanford Bernstein:  David, could you talk a little bit about how the profit profile or the contribution from B2C growth has been changing over time and whether its reasonable to believe that the steps you guys are taking are making that business a little bit more attractive at the margin? Just trying to get a sense for how the profile of that business has changed over the years.
David Abney:  Well first, Ill you that its certainly a journey. And we have seen our B2C business grow and weve announced that its up to 45% this year. One of our focuses though has been, to prepare for this trend, a lot of the technology that we have implemented has been focused around not only B2C, but B2B. So ORION is a good example of that, hub automation again is another example. But then, Alan, in just a minute, will talk about some of the expansions weve made in products that will not only reduce our costs, provide better service, but will also help us adjust to this changing trend even more. So, Alan?
Alan Gershenhorn:  First, Id say that you guys know that most of our growth these past few years has come from B2C and overall profits and margins have improved. And along with creating the value for the retailers and consumers, obviously achieving acceptable levels of profit is absolutely central. And if you take a look at all of our newer services and solutions, theyre all designed to drive down cost by improving stock and/or delivery and pickup density economics. So you've got SurePost and SurePost redirect that improves delivery density and lowers delivery cost. UPS My Choice, which I think David mentioned, launched in 15 more countries helps us reduce those unsuccessful delivery attempts. And then obviously UPS Access Point, which right now most of what were doing there is delivering to the Access Point after the first delivery attempt, but the ultimate goal is to have shoppers be able to pick Access Points right from the retailers' website get it directly to the Access Point or UPS My Choice customer directing it directly to the Access Point and that obviously changes residential stops into commercial and improves delivery density.
Operator: Question will come from the line of Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs:  I was wondering if you could elaborate and share your thoughts on the potential impact of Amazon sort facilities for the coming quarter and how is it affecting your planning around the peak season? But also more importantly, as Amazon focuses increasingly on not just sort facilities, but obviously the fulfillment ability, how that sort of shapes your views on CapEx going forward?
Kurt Kuehn: Well Thomas, we dont comment specifically on any specific customer. But clearly, were working very closely with all our major shippers. And its an evolving market and UPS is continuing to adapt to that. But the suite of capabilities we have we think continue to make us a tremendous player in this space and well continue to.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital:  I want to talk about pricing, because obviously you have a unique service here along with your peer as you go into peak season. It sounds like you've put a lot of preparation in delivering a better service outcome. But I think historically youve talked about 2% to 3% as your avenue for core price gains. Can you talk about where that's been trending this year and what you hope to do? And I know you're going to provide guidance later at the analyst meeting, but just longer term where do you hope to get that price and what are the aspects that are going to drive that gain?
Kurt Kuehn: Well clearly we pride ourselves on being very disciplined over the long-term on pricing and this year the priority has been added capacity, meeting customer needs and having the superior quality were known for. Ill turn it over to Alan a little bit to talk about the revenue management process and the rate announcements weve made recently.
Alan Gershenhorn: So first, I think we all know that the market continues to change with B2C volume making up bigger concentration of our business and that is really driving down the lower yields due to the lighter weights in shifts and product and customer mix. As you know, we stick to that 2% to 3% annual base price increase. This year we have been much closer to the 2%. Next year, we plan to take that up. Certainly the rate change we just announced at 4.9% for ground and air, as well as the DIM weight initiative are great examples of addressing the yields due to shifts to the lighter weights.
Operator:  The next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup:  Another question on the guidance, particularly for the fourth quarter. When you think about sort of last year and some of the expenses that you had that were specific probably to that year and you think about where it might -- looks like its trending this year, it feels like the implied growth is sort of on the low end. Im trying to get a rough sense to sort of how you guys are thinking about it, whether there is implied conservatism baked in there or if were thinking that sort of the dynamics of this holiday may be different than ones in the future. I guess I just want to get a rough sense of maybe how you guys are thinking about incremental margins around the holiday, because it would seem that that guidance number is a little bit on the light side?
Kurt Kuehn:  Well, there is a lot of noise in the comparisons for Q4 this year and last year. And if you peel those back a little bit and look at some of the extraordinary events that happened last year and what were doing this year, it makes a little more sense. We are looking to spend approximately $115 million in peak and project related expenses in Q4 and so that does reduce the year-over-year increases wed be seeing otherwise. But if you take that out, I think youll see that there is a -- weve got a good core margin approaching 15% and a solid improvement. So this year is focused on capacity and capabilities and we do think well have a good profit quarter, but we are spending some unique expenses this year to make sure things happen.
Operator:  Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: And just wanted to follow up, it sounded like you mentioned, David, earlier some sort of cap on volumes as you moved into peak season with some of the large customers. Can you talk about that, talk about how the discussions have gone as you prepare for the peak in terms of ensuring that you can get your kind of next day and second day delivery done around kind of that potential cap that you talked about?
Kurt Kuehn:  Ken, this is Kurt. Ill link this one together that, really this is a twofold process. We have a control tower process for peak. And Ill have Myron talking about the operational alignment on that and then Alan talking about the customer alignment. So Myron, maybe you could start off on our operational connectivity this year.
Myron Gray:  So Ken, early in the year and all of this year we've been working very closely with the high impact customers to assess what they think their volume needs are going to be for the fourth quarter. So we have worked them to determine their shipping needs as well as we've implemented new technology that will give us a view into what their shipping patterns are. So if they exceed the projected volume quotas that they have given us, then we have an advanced opportunity to go back to them and mute what theyre giving to us. And this control tower will be managed by senior leaders in the organization. So Ill give Alan an opportunity to address that.
David Abney:  Before he does, I want to just talk a little bit more about this control tower, and this is certainly a byproduct of the increased visibility that were going to have this year. So were going to have a much better idea of not only our volume, but of the planning process. And this control tower will also allow us to do just the opposite. If we see that we have capacity on a certain day and weve got a key customer that wants to give us more than we forecast, we have this visibility, we make that decision and we will certainly take that additional volume. And it can be the same way for us for other shippers that need to surge one way or the other. So good visibility, good planning, it allows us to make decisions on a day-to-day basis and we see it as a real capability to be able to take care of our customers needs. Alan?
Alan Gershenhorn:  I will just add quickly that the collaboration with the customers this year as well as the forecasting tools that we have in place is unprecedented. The primary focus is on delivery reliability with the customers. Again, they talked a lot about this control tower, its made up of engineering, ops, sales and revenue management and we'll assess capacity and well determine rates and surcharges as needed. But the primary focus here is on network reliability and then after that, certainly what we get paid for, right volume at the right price.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Just so I understand what youre saying, have you ever said thats a cap for a customer before? Is this a new thing or is this a regular kind of ongoing thing or is this changing how you operate in terms of taking business?
Kurt Kuehn:  Ken, I think the best way to look at it is it's a refinement and weve increased visibility and increased collaboration, both internally and externally. So were moving forward. Thanks.
Operator:  Next question will be from the line of Mr. Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Derek Rabe - Raymond James: This is Derek Rabe on for Art. As we exit the peak season and head into 2015, obviously coming off a strong year of investment into the network in 2014, how do you feel like the network will be from a capacity perspective coming off of the peak season? Will there be a lot of excess capacity that would need to be fielded such that we'll see some pressure on pricing coming out of the peak?
Kurt Kuehn: I can speak to that. Clearly, were seeing continued growth. This is not by any means just a peak issue or fourth quarter. So weve shown some of the strongest growth both domestically and internationally weve seen in a while. So this is not by any means to say speak season event. Its just were talking about peak right now, because it's that time of the year. But we think that the changes in e-commerce and omni-commerce are here to stay.
David Abney: And you have to remember that some of the capacity that were putting on this peak is temporary affordable capacity that we can turn on and off with any of the major hub expansions or modifications will be utilized throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Mr. Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley:  I was curious if you can share a couple of data points with us. Maybe where is B2C running so far this year? Where do you think it will be in the fourth quarter? But probably the most important question is really where does that max out? How high does this number go as a percent of total? How do you think about that?
Kurt Kuehn: Bill, it will be talked in quite a bit about the long-term outlook in a few weeks, both on, as David said how were adapting our operating model, as Alan talked about how were enhancing service to be profitable. We were about 45% B2C in the U.S. in the third quarter. Certainly, that number is continuing to grow, although were seeing, as weve mentioned, good strong robust growth in B2B as the industrial base of the U.S. picks up. So more to come on that. Were not making any forecast right now, but clearly well be talking about the long-term in a few weeks.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Its materially higher though in the fourth quarter, is that right?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Mr. Jeff Kauffman of Buckingham. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research:  I want to ask you a little bit about Kiala or I guess UPS Access Point as we call it. What did you learn as you expanded it in Europe and how -- other than just being a place where customers can get packages on a more convenient basis, what role do you see it playing here in the U.S. and how do you think it affects you financially, whether it's lowering the cost of delivery, whether it's resulting in a different revenue yield? How should we think about Access Point as it rolls out within the U.S.?
Kurt Kuehn: Its a great question. Jim Barber was there to help implement when we did our first acquisition at Kiala and so he helped to establish that. And Jim, why dont you talk a little bit about what weve done and what weve learned?
Jim Barber:  Jeff, I mean I think the value of that investment in the U.S. will be very similar to what we had and continue to develop in international. Effectively, it has seven or eight different value points, of which I am not going to over all of them on the line. Well do that in New York when were with you. But it does create different economics in a B2C or retail package that we think help both the customer and UPS to scale the investments and go forward. So we love the investment and I think New York youll see the same thing that we see today.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: As this rolls out though, I guess as I'm thinking about it from a modeling perspective, is it more of a cost-reduction opportunity for you in terms of reducing the amount of failed deliveries or is it more of a revenue opportunity for you in terms of an easier delivery front to the customer? How should I think about the financial impact?
Jim Barber: Let me start and Ill take both sides and give it to Alan for a little bit more color as well. Its both, to be honest with you, it allows the B2C economics to move much more towards a B2B set of economics, so youve got the cost side of it as well. But from a revenue perspective, it allows different pickup origin points and access points for customers which gets into the revenue management side as well. And I think Alan will add a couple of points to that.
Alan Gershenhorn: Every delivery angle is better economics, whether we deliver it directly to the access point or we deliver it out to the  to send again to the consumers house. The way I would think about access points and well talk about this more at the investor conference is in totality with the whole ecosystem with UPS My Choice and now even i-parcel, so were the only ones with an Access Point and UPS My Choice network on two continents and now with i-parcel, were going to be able to enable domestic retailers in the U.S. and the UK to basically have access to consumers in over 100 countries around the world and those consumers will be able to shop seamlessly just like theyre shopping in their own country.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets:  Maybe switching gears here looking at the international sector, we saw a very good tonnage and shipments, but I think you still highlighted you're still seeing some yield pressure. As we look at that, what do you think is putting more pressure on your International yields? Is it the growth in non-premium products still or maybe the strength you're seeing in some of the shorter-term trade lanes?
Kurt Kuehn: Its really both of those, Kevin. But Ill let Jim talk a little bit to some of activities going on in our International Express business.
Jim Barber: So it really is both of them. I mean if you saw the growth rates, we had some very, very strong export growth rates and some reasonable domestic growth rates as well in the middle single digits in some of our bigger countries. So the combination of those put pressure on the yield. But ultimately the job is to match the network to the yield and create operating margins and leverage and continue to invest in the network. So were comfortable with that. We told you last quarter we had the mix improvements in Europe where you can start to see those economics comp sequentially across the quarters and well continue to do that. So its a combination of the yields and obviously the operating efficiency in the network.
Operator:  We have a question from the line of Mr. Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Just a small question. Can you help us think about the impact of fuel and currency in the quarter? Not sure if they were small helps or big helps or what. And then maybe how youre thinking about those two items in the fourth quarter?
Kurt Kuehn:  Fuel was a slightly positive for the international, not much on the domestic side. Currency clearly has been very volatile. Fortunately with some hedging, it actually was a little bit of a support in Q3, although as we look at Q4, our comps year-over-year for currency, especially the euro, will be a drag. So both of those were a mild positive for this year, but we do expect some currency headwinds as far as profits are concerned in Q4.
Operator:  And we have a question from the line of Ms. Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse: So I wanted to ask about your guidance for SCS for the fourth quarter in terms of mid single digits, high single digit revenue and operating profit growth. If I think about the guidance you gave for 3Q, you had called for low double digits for operating profit growth and it came in somewhat less than that. And as I think about the fourth quarter last year, the comps were pretty easy. So I was wondering if you could maybe provide some commentary on whats going on there.
Kurt Kuehn:  I think were pretty pleased with the progress of most of the segments there. The distribution group is continuing to show solid growth and upper single digit margins. UPS Freight is on a controlled growth strategy with improving margins. The international air freight has been the primary challenge. And we did see a pick up in demand and tonnage, but the market is such that still our sell rates and revenue generation are not able to offset some of the increasing rates at Asia. So, a little bit of a classic margin squeeze, it wasnt severe, but it was a challenging quarter and we expect that that will mute results a little bit in Q4, although clearly Jim and his team are doing a lot of work on broadening our base for forwarding. Jim, do you got any thoughts on that front?
Jim Barber:  I would say it's one of those issues that with tonnage and shipment fuel growth in the middle teens, thats a good problem to have. It says our customers like our solutions, they like the fact that were connecting their supply chains across the globe. The buy/sell rates we have moved very quickly in the third quarter. We talk about this a number of times over the quarters and internally we've kicked off an internal work team to look forward over the next couple of years to look at how we do this and make sure that our speed and flexibility changes to the environment and we look at other value drivers to get to other customers to kind of change the mix in the network as well. So again, well probably talk about this as well in New York. But its an area that we think there's a good opportunity for us to improve going forward and we plan to do that.
Operator:  We have a question from the line Mr. Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar: Id like to ask about purchase transportation, which looks like it moved up a bit faster than revenue, up 15% from last year. Whats behind this? And related, have you had to shift volume off of rail to truck the past couple of quarters to maintain the service you want for your customers?
Kurt Kuehn:  We did see a big increase in purchase transportation, very similar to what we saw in Q3. And the factors there are multiple actually, because there is a lot of different moving parts in that. The biggest one clearly is increased forwarding expenses. I said we did see a large increase in tonnage, double-digit tonnage, which does drive up the PTE. In addition, our SurePost product that has rapid growth, thats where the payments for third party show up. So the growth in that is included in that. And some of the international expenses for delivery for the final mile show up there with outside contractors. So its a number of issues. We are certainly seeing some inflation in the over-the-road rates. And as we mentioned in the second quarter, we have taken some volume off the rail and that does show up and driving some increases in purchase transportation. So a lot of moving parts, some of it driven by revenue growth and some in some other conditions.
Operator:  And we have a question from the line of Mr. Ben Hartford of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird: Just wondering if you could provide any sort of update in terms of where you are with regard to the appeal with the ECs decision, the interpretation of market dominance that stemmed from the TNT bid. Are you expecting any sort of final resolution here in the coming months?
Kurt Kuehn:  No, we think that's still a long ways off. And as we said, our primary purpose of that appeal was just to avoid having a precedent set that creates a very narrow definition of the market. So thats an important one, we think, because it may be used in other areas more than this specific transaction.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mr. Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger  Oppenheimer: You guys have addressed your flexibility for the seasonal peak. I'm just curious delving into the hiring capacity, since last year, obviously, you ended up hiring a lot more seasonal folks than originally planned and the number above what you did last year. Could you address just on the human capital capacity your abilities to flex there?
Kurt Kuehn: We have stated that we expect to hire 90,000 to 95,000 this year in the U.S. and thats against an actual hiring of about 85,000 last year. So it is an increase, but not totally out of the range. Myron, maybe you could talk a little bit about how we manage that.
Myron Gray: We have experienced to date no issues with bringing on additional personnel throughout the U.S. But in addition to that, our capacity to train has been enhanced by adding additional Integrad training sites across the country. We have added five additional Integrad sites that should ease the burden of training additional employees. And as we ramp up throughout the peak season, we foresee no issues at all.
David Abney: I think one significant difference between last year and this year is last year we had to reactively near the end of peak try to put on a lot of extra employees. This year weve got increased volume going into peak. And because we have such better visibility in forecasting, were actually putting these people in place a little bit earlier and they are trained and theyre ready to go so that when peak does fully engage, they will be able to pull their weight. So much more of a proactive view this year versus reactive.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mr. Rob Salmon of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank:  David, you had talked a little bit about Europe earlier. Could you give us an update in terms of what the trends you are seeing month-to-date in October? And then, Kurt, as we look out to 2015, can you give us a sense of how the movement of the euro will impact the P&L and to what extent you've already hedged at this point?
Kurt Kuehn: Ill start off with the hedging. We have gone out a couple of years actually on the euro, although last year we were at about a 136 and our hedge is at about 133 for the fourth quarter. So were in decent shape going out for the next couple of years, but it depends where currencies move and the volatility does create some challenges. So Ill let Jim maybe talk a little bit about the trends in the business he's seen.
Jim Barber: As some of the opening comments alluded to, we have a fourth quarter thats going to wrap over some big wins in the fourth quarter last year. So that will actually kind of dampen some of the growth, but the growth is fine. Its exactly where we plan it to be. Its controlled growth thats a combination of continuing to invest in the network and the revenue management practices that you can see starting to come true. So were off to a good international peak as well and we plan to continue to manage that as such. So fourth quarter looks good so far.
Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank: So have you seen any deceleration with some of the reports of weakening in Europe?
Jim Barber: Well, with regard to the economics of Europe, thats one thing, but I think if you look back over the years, the economics there versus the way UPS performs dont actually have that big of a correlation. We continue to go in and with the brand where it needs to be, invest in that market and well continue to do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie:  If you could give us a little bit more magnitude on the growth you're seeing on the B2B side, also if you're seeing more activity in B2B outside of retail. I know that's been the key driver for you guys before, but some of the other companies that have reported have talked about growth being more broad-based. So wondering if you're starting to see that yet in B2B volumes outside of retail.
Alan Gershenhorn: As Kurt reported there, our B2B growth has been the strongest this quarter at 3.4%. And while you do get some nice B2B growth out of B2C or retail which is really part of our overall B2C strategy, were seeing much more broad-based growth. Industrial manufacturing is certainly growing much stronger than it has and our solutions are really resonating in that area and our sales and solutions teams are winning.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie: But then, should we start to then -- can you help us think about what the operational leverage -- you finally seem to have B2B coming back. Is there any way to think about what that does from a profitability perspective?
Kurt Kuehn: Well certainly if those trends continue, then its good news because it increases the density and just helps the network overall. We do think that there is an industrial renaissance of sorts in the U.S. And so as low energy and other advantages that the U.S. has continue, that does bode well for balancing our network. So were -- nothing specific right now, but clearly were pleased to see some of the revitalization.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ms. Helane Becker of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker  Cowen & Company: I just wanted to -- had this question. With respect -- today, in todays Wall Street Journal, your pilots took out a full page ad. I thought it was kind of surprising to me because Im not sure what message they're trying to send. And Im just wondering what youre -- if you can comment at all without necessarily negotiating publicly what your takeaway from that is.
David Abney:  Well, first, you just have to consider that we are in negotiations. And the big thing that I would want you to take from that ad is the quote that they remain committed to delivering your holiday in 2014. Thats what they are paid to do, thats what our contract covers that they would do and whats what we would expect them to do and we appreciate the fact that they made that commitment. But were going to continue to negotiate in good faith and were going to do whats right for the company, were going to do whats right for our pilots. And were not going to discuss the specifics of negotiations here, because we think that its best left at the bargaining table. We just want to remind everyone that we are covered under the Railway Labor Act, so these contracts do not expire. They become amendable and the contract term stay in force. The National Mediation Board, the IPA and us asked the NMB to get involved in the negotiations and they did so six months ago and they are now controlling the pace and timing of those negotiations.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Mr. David Ross of Stifel.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus: UPS Freight, I wanted to talk about that for a second. The tonnage accelerated in the third quarter, looked pretty good, while yields decelerated. The first half of this year, you had flattish volumes, but yields were up 3% to 4%. What was driving that? Was there an increase in bundling activity in the third quarter or another change in the market approach?
Kurt Kuehn:  Weve been very strong results on the yield front if you look over the last couple of years, so some of that is really just wrapping some of the industry leading improvements we've seen. But I'll let Myron talk a little bit about our continuing focus on the middle market and leveraging our connectivity to grow the business profitably.
Myron Gray:  The Freight group continues to see steady improvement year-over-year. But as we've professed before, they will continue to see opportunities for growth. We have a continued discipline growth strategy focused on profit and not necessarily market share. Well focus on the middle market customers utilizing our ground sales force as well as the continued expansion in technology that we'll utilize to seek growth with. So we expect to continue to see steady improvements in our Freight Group.
Operator:  Our next question will come from the line of Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna: I want to follow up a little bit on an earlier question on pricing and specifically around the peak. So if e-commerce growth does continue at this double-digit pace going forward and the customer behavior doesnt drastically change about wanting the packages coming to the door, when do you start to invoke price as a primary lever in driving margins higher around the peak? And maybe talk a little bit about what sort of future approach is to peak season pricing youre seriously considering today.
Kurt Kuehn:  Were certainly watching closely market dynamics and we do overtime convinced and sure that well be able to get paid for the value we create, although this year the priority was on enhancing our capabilities. We do price for peak, in some cases anyway and Ill let Alan talk a little bit about that. But we prefer to set long-term contracts with customers and then adjust around that. But Alan, maybe you could expand a little bit about the conditions in which there is peak pricing?
Alan Gershenhorn:  So certainly as we look at our customers' forecasts and what we agreed to on a year around basis as well as peak, there is some variability in what a customer wants to give us. Certainly there is always the opportunity to put in some sort of a peak surcharge for that additional business. And I think that your comments are certainly something that were taking a very close look at. We've got to manage this business on a year around basis and we certainly understand that peak season is becoming more and more of a step up phenomenon and we cant build a network, or as Kurt always says, we cant build a church for a day.
Kurt Kuehn:  So more to come on that front.
Operator:  And due to time constraints, our last question in queue comes from the line of Mr. David Campbell of Thompson Davis & Company. Please go ahead.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co.: I just wanted to delve in a little bit into the same-day delivery business. This is a business that seems to be, by Google and Amazon and other companies, accelerating. How does that impact UPS? Doesnt it take business away from Next Day or Ground business as people get more and more deliveries the same day?
Kurt Kuehn:  That certainly is generating a lot of press. Other than drones, I can't think of anything else that seems to grab the headlines. There are some markets where that same day is an important element and well talk about this at our investor conference. But we think that the majority of Internet shopping anyway happens late afternoon and evening and that the real hotspot is going to be local next day delivery and thats something were working very closely with a number of brick and mortar retailers on to be able to fill from stores that have inventory in that metropolitan area and make deliveries the next day. Thats where the bulk of the demand is, thats where the economics make sense. So more to come and well be talking about this at our investor conference. So thanks for your call.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Wilkinson.
Joe Wilkinson: Thank you, Stephen. I appreciate all the questions today. We look forward to seeing you in the investor conference. And Ill turn the floor over to David Abney for final comments.
David Abney: Thanks, Joe, and thanks to all of you for participating in my first earnings call as the CEO. And the results discussed this morning represent the effort of more than 400,000 UPS-ers and theyre working very diligently to develop, test and implement new technologies and theyre really making good progress. And we have set high expectations and our people are really excited and theyre ready for the upcoming challenge. I am confident that they will make a real difference. You can see were adapting to the rapidly changing marketplace. The growth opportunities are many and we look forward to reviewing them with you during the New York conference. Well update you at that time on our long-term strategy and of course I am looking forward to share my vision for UPS at that time. So, thanks again for joining us and have a good Friday. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference call for today. Have a wonderful weekend. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Wilkinson - IR D. Scott Davis - Chairman and CEO Kurt Kuehn - CFO Jim Barber - President, UPS International David Abney - COO and CEO-elect Alan Gershenhorn - EVP and CCO Myron Gray - President, U.S. Operations
Analysts: Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch David Vernon - Sanford Bernstein Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. William Greene - Morgan Stanley Scott Group - Wolfe Research Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates Jack Atkins - Stephens Inc. David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus David Campbell - Thompson, Davis, & Co. Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and Ill be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note, we will take only one question from each participant to accommodate more analysts during the call. Thank you for your cooperation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Joe Wilkinson, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Joe Wilkinson: Good morning and welcome to the UPS second quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are Scott Davis, our CEO; Kurt Kuehn, our CFO; along with Chief Operating Officer, David Abney; International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray; and UPS Chief Commercial Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2013 Form 10-K and first quarter 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. As previously announced during the quarter, UPS completed the transfer of post-retirement liabilities for certain Teamster employees to defined contribution healthcare plans. As a result, the company recorded an after-tax charge of $665 million reducing earnings per share by $0.72. In our remarks today, all quarterly and full year comments and comparisons will refer to adjusted results. In addition, we will discuss UPS free cash flow which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The webcast of todays call along with the reconciliation of free cash flow and adjusted results are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Just as a reminder, as on previous calls, please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thanks for your cooperation. Now, I will turn it over to Scott.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Joe, and good morning to everyone. UPS experienced robust second quarter revenue and volume growth across the portfolio, and we are encouraged to have all three segments improving operating profit, the first time since 2011. Customers choose UPS solutions at an increasing pace confirming the value of our portfolio. However, our results also reflect the challenge of todays evolving marketplace and earnings were somewhat less than we expected. The accelerated growth and peak season preparations are driving the implementation costs as well as increased investments in automation and new capacity. David will provide you details on these efforts in a moment. The initiatives we are pursuing today will enable UPS to provide enhanced solutions for our customers to secure their business and build their trust. At the same time, wed look for opportunities to improve revenue management, driving more bottom line growth and industry-leading margins well into the future. The expansion of dim weight pricing is a change were making to ensure UPS is properly compensated for network consumption. During the quarter, we saw economies around the world pick up a bit. The U.S. economy did rebound as expected from the weather-related problems in the first quarter. Solid economic fundamentals had driven retail sales higher especially e-commerce. In Europe, the economic outlook has remained steady with growth from larger countries offsetting slower, smaller ones. While growth in Asia remains relatively stable, they are seeing an acceleration of overall exports. One way to increase economic growth is through pre-trade. Recent efforts by the administration to proceed with a next phase of the National Export Initiative will develop opportunities for U.S. small and medium-sized customers to reach new markets. This platform includes sections on trade facilitation, border clearance reform, free trade agreements and infrastructure investment. Expanding pre-trade agreements will provide employment opportunities here at home. Speaking of employment opportunities, to support the Joining Forces initiative, we pledged to hire 50,000 veterans by 2018. Military veterans have a long tradition at UPS and bring valuable skills that provide great benefits for our company. Also during the quarter, because of our progress with ORION, CIO Magazine recognized UPS as one of 100 companies that demonstrates excellence and achievement in information technology. This breakthrough routing technology represents a decade-long effort to develop tools that reduce miles driven, cut fuel consumption and improve the customer experience. Recognition like this is rewarding but more importantly the capabilities we received from this technology puts UPS in a better position to respond to changing market dynamics. Before I turn it over to David, I want to take a moment to congratulate him on being named UPS eleventh CEO. I know hes excited to lead UPS and Im confident David will bring his extraordinary passion and commitment to the job. David?
David Abney: Thanks, Scott. I speak for everyone at UPS when I say that we are a better company as a result of inspired leadership youve provided. You led the company through one of the more turbulent global economic periods in history transforming UPS into the worlds leading logistics provider. On behalf of the 400,000 UPS around the world, we say thank you. On a more personal note, Scott and I have worked closely for more than a decade. During that time he has been an inspiring mentor and I look forward to working with him as Chairman. As part of the transition, Scott will remain in his current role until September. This allows me to spend most of my time out with customers and employees to better understand their needs and listen to their ideas. From what I have heard so far, I am more encouraged than ever about the future of UPS. One frequent topic of discussion has been our preparation for peak season. Weve had meaningful conversations with customers about our plans. These discussions provide the foundation for a joint commitment of forecast volume enabling UPS to better manage how large accounts impact our network. We have made changes to UPS technology that will improve communication with customers. Solutions have been implemented to provide better information on package location and shipment status, ultimately benefitting customers and UPS. The accelerated ORION deployment is progressing. Now, its reductions have come in higher than planned and we expect to have about 45% of our drivers using the routing technology for peak. The facility automation and expansion projects are moving ahead as expected. Several new buildings and retrofit projects in California and Texas will come on line later this year, providing additional capacity and flexibility. To increase sort capacity, we are opening about 50 new hub source in existing buildings. This will add 5% to our capacity with minimal capital investment. UPS is focused on staying ahead of the holiday shipment surge that starts during cyber week. We have always had limited operations on Black Friday. However, this year we will expand to a full operating day. While this benefits the network by leveling volume fluctuations, it will drive additional operating costs. As we look more closely at preparing for peak and the implications of the accelerated volume growth, we have expanded the scope of several projects I just reviewed. Though these projects will weigh on 2014 earnings, they will pay for themselves in the long run. Overall, we are ahead of our peak readiness plan and I am confident UPS would deliver a great peak season this year. Now, looking across the portfolio, I will provide some details on other strategic investments UPS is making. Here in the U.S. we opened our new automated facility in Laredo, Texas. This is a key location to support the rapid growth along the U.S. and Mexican border. Also in the U.S., we recently opened 36 healthcare-compliant field stocking locations to reduce delivery time for medical device shipments. These sites will provide customers the ability to reach over 80% of U.S. hospital beds within four hours. In Europe, UPS announced the opening of a new packaged center in Southampton, UK. This 150-car facility nearly doubles the capacity of two other buildings it replaces. Meanwhile in Asia, we opened a distribution facility at the Beijing airport to serve UPS customers hi-tech retail and healthcare supply chain needs. Also in Asia, we added our rail service option for UPS forwarding customers shipping from China to Europe. This low-cost, four-container offering is up to 50% faster than ocean freight and 70% less costly than airfreight. In Latin-America, we announced a significant expansion of our small package operations in Brazil. The opening of nine facilities will allow UPS to service more than 200 cities in the country. As you can see, UPS has been busy expanding our reach, creating supply chain capabilities and building out our small package infrastructure. These investments are part of our long-term strategy for growth and will improve returns going forward. This will be a parent in 2015 as we benefit from dim weight pricing and operational improvements from ORION. UPS around the world are implementing these innovated solutions to meet customer needs. UPS is positioned to benefit from the continuing acceleration of global trade and the economic growth of emerging markets. I can assure you creating value for customers and shareowners remains a top priority for the senior leadership team at UPS. I look forward to meeting many of you at the investor conference in November where we will share more details on our plans for the future. Now, I would turn it over to Kurt to update you on the quarters results. Kurt?
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, David, and good morning. UPS portfolio is hitting the mark with customers resulting in global shipment growth of 7.2% and driving revenue up 5.6% to a total $14.3 billion. Certainly the pace of growth exceeded our expectations. However, increased demand for low cost deferred solutions has put pressure on yields and margins. Second quarter earnings per share increased by 7.1% but was below our expectations. We continued investing in new capabilities and expanding our network, adapting our business today to ensure that we can capitalize on future growth opportunities. Now for some details on how the segments performed. Starting with U.S. domestic where revenue increased 5.2% to $8.7 billion, driven by a 7% jump in packaged volume. UPS Ground products contributed 8% growth while deferred improved over 5%. Retailers continue to select UPS SurePost for their lightweight residential shipments, accounting for about half of our volume growth this quarter. However, we do expect this growth to slow a bit as we wrap wins from last year. In addition, during the quarter, a retail customer upgraded its catalog distribution to UPS Ground from the U.S. mail contributing to our ground growth. Beyond B2C, our B2B growth was the highest weve seen in several years, primarily due to the retail sector. We also saw improvements in the industrial and manufacturing sectors. Combined, these changes in product and customer mix led yields lower by 2% driven primarily by a more than 60% jump in UPS SurePost shipments. Operating profits increased by 34 million to $1.2 billion while operating margin decline slightly to 13.5%. A couple of key factors created operating expense headwinds. First, we continued to experience very poor rail performance during the quarter. In order to maintain service commitments, alternative operating plans were put into place. This drove higher purchase transportation expense as well as excess UPS network costs. In addition, hiring and training costs increased in Q2 due to the accelerated volume growth and the peak-related projects that David mentioned. However, we were able to offset much of the higher costs through improved productivity. Our direct labor hours were up 6% and miles driven were up 4% compared to average daily volume growth of 7.4%. Expense per package declined by 1.7%, a good result but not quite enough to offset the yield decline. Now for the international business where revenue was $3.3 billion, up 6%. Total shipments increased by 6.6% led by higher export product growth for Europe and Asia. Export shipments jumped 9.1% with Europe up 13% and Asia up about 6%. Non-U.S. domestic volume increased by 5% led by strong growth in Europe. Currently neutral revenue per piece declined 1.7% as our export product yields dropped by 4%. Strong non-premium growth of 13% continued to outpace premium products although they were also up by 4%. Yield was also lowered by shorter trade lanes as our intra-Europe volume was one of the fastest growing lanes. Operating profit improved by 4.4% to $471 million. However, operating margin did contract 20 basis points to 14.5%. During the quarter, we continued to experience rapid shipment growth as changing volume distribution patterns developed in Europe. These trends pushed network capacity above ideal levels in a few areas and as a result we were forced to pay a premium for short-term capacity. This contributed to higher delivery and network expenses, ultimately driving in-country costs up by 8.9%. In the near term, our team in Europe is implementing a number of changes to operations while pursuing revenue management initiatives aimed at improving yields. In addition, we are finalizing our capital investment plan designed to add capacity and improve operating leverage. We are confident in our ability to pull growth through the bottom line. Looking now at supply chain and freight which performed well this quarter with revenue growth of 6.5% up to 2.3 billion. Operating profit increased 11% and margin expanded by 30 basis points to 7.5%. The forwarding unit experienced substantial revenue growth and expanded operating margin slightly, driven by improvements in ocean forwarding and brokerage. International airfreight experienced double-digit growth in both shipments and tonnage although the pricing environment out of Asia continued to weigh on profitability. In distribution, customers continue to seek our unique solutions to their supply chain needs. Revenue increased by high single digits lifted by improved demand from retail and healthcare clients. UPS freight revenue grew 5.5% primarily due to a 4% improvement in LTL revenue per 100 weight. Pricing benefitted from the acceleration of the rate increase and tightening market capacity. The unit improved both operating profit and margins. Now for an update on our cash position. For the six months ended June 30, UPS generated 1.0 billion in free cash flow. This number was impacted by the transfer of union post-retirement liabilities that we discussed last quarter. Excluding non-recurring items, cash flow improved by over 400 million over last year. So far this year, UPS has paid 1.2 billion in dividends, up more than 8% per share. Weve also repurchased 13.7 million shares for approximately $1.4 billion. Looking at our expectations for the rest of the year, UPS growth around the world has picked up and we are investing in capacity and automation today and will provide excellent returns down the road. The peak preparation efforts that David mentioned like the additional sorts, facility enhancement projects and the expansion of our Black Friday operations will drive costs higher. During the ramp up and implementation, these projects are expected to increase 2014 operating expense by a total of $175 million. This represents another 75 million on top of our original estimates. As a result, we now expect earnings per share to be in a range of $4.90 to $5 a share, representing a 7% to 9% increase over 2013. We do anticipate a strong second half of 2014 with earnings per share growth of 12% to 17% over the back half of 2013 with all three segments increasing operating profits. In the U.S. treating Black Friday as a full operating day this year will lower reported daily volume growth in Q4 by about 160 basis points. Nonetheless, we expect average daily packaged growth to be a little over 5%, slightly higher than previously guided. Revenue per package is projected to decline by about 1%. Operating margin is expected to expand to approximately 14%. We also expect to see strong second half improvements in our international results with shipment growth between 4% and 6%. Yields will continue to be challenged by the changing product mix. Operating profit is estimated to grow at low double digit rates with some margin expansion. Our expectations for supply chain and freight remain positive with mid single digit revenue improvements and mid teens operating profit growth. So as you can see, we are experiencing some growing pains right now. This is a great problem to have as long as we successfully adapt our network and facilities to effectively bring this growth through to the bottom line. This completes our prepared remarks and were ready to take your questions. Ill turn it back to the operator.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning. Scott, congratulations on a successful tenure. Wish you the best in the future.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Kevin, appreciate it.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: My question, guys, you continue to talk about the growth in non-premium products continue to outpace premium products. Are we seeing that delta shrink at all as volumes improve across the board, whether its international or domestic? And maybe were starting to see some customers possibly move back to premium products given a strengthening economy?
D. Scott Davis: Yes, clearly theres some view of that but in the international, for example, we saw a solid 4% growth in those premium products. Its just dwarfed by the transport or growth in shipments. I think generally were seeing life in all parts of the portfolio although we expect a continued spread where the deferred products and standard products will continue to grow in excess with premium ones, Kevin.
David Abney: It does seem that it has plateaued. I mean over the last couple of quarters were not seeing that gap get any bigger, so it feels like or as long as we can see that growth. And if you see some new technology introductions later this year that might help the express also.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good morning. Im a bit curious about the U.S. on your rail disruption and then if I can kind of throw in a second part and go international and just curious about the China-Europe rail capacity and how much that can ramp to? Thanks.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I think certainly the rail disruption and the congestion this quarter was significant driving both added expense and creating some real challenges on the service side. I dont know, Myron, maybe you could talk just a little bit about what were doing then.
Myron Gray: Yes, Scott, along with disruptions caused by the rail network what that does is certainly increase the purchase transportation costs in the quarter. And as a result of that, we also has saw a significant increase in hiring and training needs to offset the abilities of the rails to adhere to our expectations on our customers to meet on time commitments. So were in a process of adding additional feeder drivers to offset that costs.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. So clearly were adapting and adjusting as it was happening and created some challenges, but we have transitioned some of the volume off in the most congested lanes. As far as the Asia to Europe lane, thats still a relatively small amount right now but we think over the long term it will be an opportunity although certainly some of the disruptions as you cross borders there may be a challenge for a while.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: All right. Congratulations Scott and David.
D. Scott Davis: Thank you.
David Abney: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. If we can talk about your new guidance, the $4.90 to $5, it seems that its much larger than the $175 million expense, maybe even over $200 million to $400 million in terms of the decrease. Is there anything going on other than just your increased expenses? And maybe can you talk in the same vein about margins on the e-commerce? Is that changing the dynamics of the margin capability in ground at all or can you maybe just delve into what the margin potential on e-commerce volumes are? Thanks.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I think, Ken, certainly a portion of the guidance change is the Q2 results. And I think if you factor that out then really what were looking forward comes very close to the overall investments and added expense that weve made. So, clearly, the challenges of us keeping up and training quickly as part of this ramp up does create some headwinds. But the Q2 contributor to better the adjustment we had some excess cost with the rails and then if you look forward, the primary difference and what weve been discussing is just the current investment. So we are looking for a 12% to 17% increase in the back half of the year and I think all of those pieces of the puzzle fit together.
Kurt Kuehn: Ken, we really after the weather in the first quarter  our last quarter we guided to the bottom of the range which was really 5.05, so I think thats your starting point.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Mr. David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Kurt, could you maybe talk a little bit about the added 175 million, how much of that you guys have already spent? How much remains to be spent? And then David, if you could talk a little bit about sort of how you look at those costs next year and what kind of actions you can take to make sure that those actually come out of the P&L next year?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. So if youll look at the change in our description of the investments as weve really dug in and made better forecast, the big amount of the change is going to occur primarily in the fourth quarter. Were adding operations the day after Thanksgiving that does add expense. Over time it may generate more revenue but the real purpose is to smooth out operations. And then also our IT resources and were going to open almost 50 new hub sorts to handle capacity. So the majority of the change in the added expense is in the fourth quarter. We spent about 15% of the total in the second quarter. That will get up to 30% or so in the third quarter and then the residual kick-in in the fourth quarter. David, maybe you can talk a little bit about how this fits together.
David Abney: Certainly can. First, I think the point is that many of the projects and investments that were making in this year will provide benefits not only this peak but throughout next year. A good example is the additional IT expense that were experiencing. Were working on 30 different projects and those projects will help us for peak but they also will help us next year and we wont have that additional expense. So thats one good example. The second one is running a full operations day on Black Friday. That is an additional expense but what we have to realize is it smoothes out the cyber week volume, allows us to better manage e-commerce demand and some of that costs will be offset by more efficient operations for the following week. And while we havent determined exactly what we would do next year for Black Friday, we do expect that we would operate on a pretty extensive basis. And then the wrap up costs for these 50 additional hubs, a lot of the expense is just getting those hubs ready and then getting them staffed. Many of those hubs or some of them will continue to run through next year. Others, it will be much easier to wrap them up next year for peak just because weve done all the work this year. So Id say a considerable amount of the costs would not be in next years numbers.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, just to add to that, David, I think as we look at next year we expect OpEx not to be nearly as dramatic for this purpose as we saw in 2014. If something drives that then well have to evaluate pricing at peak season again. If we have to do this again, well have to evaluate how we price at peak season.
David Vernon - Sanford Bernstein: All right. Thanks very much for the time.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mr. Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company. Please go ahead, sir.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Good morning, everyone. And want to echo my congratulations, Scott and David.
D. Scott Davis: Thank you, Nate.
David Abney: Thanks, Nate.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: So kind of going on along with that question, but a little bit bigger picture in terms of  like from a strategic focus, we've kind of been through the decrease from premium to non-premium products and the lower volumes out of Asia and whatnot and then we had the peak season issue where youre clearly adjusting for; and then we had the rail issues early this year. It seems like, give or take, the overall freight environment and supply chains are so dramatically changing quarter-to-quarter. How do you maintain that flexibility longer term as we get through these different volume swings and different movements in terms of how do you think about the business and how do you have to react to that?
D. Scott Davis: Well, Nate, I think what youve seen is us reacting strongly over the last few years. One of the things we are doing to make us more capable to adjust to these changing conditions is reinvesting in the network heavily and focused on IT with data-driven operations, increased automation and a lot of creative applications from the market side. So this has been a part of the transformation that weve been talking about for several years now. Right now certainly preparing the network and lowering our variable cost to handle this continued growth in B2C is the midst to the investments were making. So, we think were on top of this. I mean it doesnt always come out as smooth as youd like and clearly we would have liked to have a little stronger quarter. But the demand is there. I think UPS quality and service is great and so we feel very good that were building this company for the long term no matter how the market changes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to focus on the international business. I believe you said Europe is about 50% of that. So just wondering how much of your growth expectations internationally are macro-related versus what youre doing to some internal initiatives, network adjustments, acquisitions, things like that? Trying to get a sense of how the macro environment in Europe might impact the international business.
D. Scott Davis: Clearly the UPS growth is far outpacing any definition of either market or GDP growth in Europe which remains, I guess we would say steady but sluggish. But Jim, maybe you could talk a little bit about whats going on over there.
Jim Barber: Sure. I would say back to those points is that in this quarter obviously with revenues up at 6 and exports in double digits in some places thats clearly above any macro environment. Well continue to focus in those places like Europe that weve talked about on the previous calls. I think going forward though, Kelly, I think youll also see more in the emerging markets from us. Thats where a lot of the investments are at this point as well as capabilities like access points that will enable us to continue to accelerate this. So as far as organic versus inorganic, this is just about growing the business as we historically have and we think in all parts of the business right now were doing a nice job with growth.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital: Is there any way to think about maybe not actual numbers, but the profitability differences between Europe and maybe the rest of the world kind of order of magnitude even?
D. Scott Davis: No. We really dont break out regions. These regions are all interconnected but certainly were pleased to make investments in Europe and do expect to continue doing that going forward.
Jim Barber: We do well in all regions.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ben Hartford of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Good morning, guys. If I could circle back to supply chain specifically on the forwarding side, I think you made the comment that  maybe it was Scott  that overall exports out of Asia were accelerating. You guys have some relatively easy comparisons from some company-specific efforts but yields overall, you had made the comment as well, still are pressured some. Could you provide some perspective in terms of how to look at the back half of the year within that segment specifically on the yield front given some of the capacity management efforts in Asia across the industry into what appears to be an accelerating export environment, but still a very competitive yield dynamic? Can you provide some perspective there?
D. Scott Davis: Sure, Ben. It sounds like you got a pretty good handle on it. But Jim, maybe you could flush it out a little bit and talk about our look going forward.
Jim Barber: Sure. I think we should start with the fact that airfreight is just one of the products, so we should brokerage North American. Its really doing well in many, many parts of the business. With respect to airfreight out of Asia, yes, we do see the market tightening. Yes, it is a competitive market. You can see in our growth rates we just talked about that were actually bringing new customers on with the capabilities in the network. We are evaluating increases as the market tightens. Well do that. Well continue forward. We talked about a year ago making sure that we relied less on a couple of concentrations. I think weve done a great job across the industries to get us where we are today and well continue to manage that in a very dynamic environment. And of course in the back half of the year oftentimes product launches appear that help us manage through this and balance that as well. So, good stuff coming out of the airfreight business all around.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of William Greene of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. Congrats, David and Scott. All the best to you.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Bill.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: I have a question on B2C and of course you folks have seen the post office's moves on pricing. Can you talk about how that will affect your efforts and what it means from a dim weight perspective or from a pricing dynamic and the U.S. perspective? I realize B2C is getting to be a big part of the business now, over 40%, so Im not sure how to think about what dynamics are with the post office if they take actions how it affects you?
D. Scott Davis: Bill, this is Scott. Ill start off. First of all, its not unusual to see our competitors suggest rates. The USPS though really does not offer the same level of service and capabilities that we do at UPS. I think the technology is a differentiator, our integrated service offerings are a differentiator, our guarantees are different. At the same time, we work very closely with the post office. We appreciate their universal service mandate where customers of theirs are customers of ours, but there is some concern as we go forward and how they price competitive products and there is some concern about cross-subsidization that were going to be working with the Postal Regulatory Commission to ensure they dont cross-subsidize the competitive products. An example, I guess, is only 55% of the USPS costs are actually attributable to products. The rest of those costs are institutional costs and only 5% of those go to the competitive products while 20% of the revenue is from competitive products. So there are inconsistencies there that were going to work with the Postal Regulatory Commission on and well pay attention to as we go forward. At the same time well go out and compete with the post office.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mr. Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
D. Scott Davis: Good morning.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: So I wanted to follow up on pricing and maybe the answer is just the post office, but clearly there are some capacity issues here. You [had them] (ph) in peak. The rails are struggling. Im wondering why aren't you guys talking more about pricing and getting more aggressive with pricing? And then beyond the dimensional pricing on ground, are there other specific things you can do like that to start seeing some better pricing and to offset some of the mix?
D. Scott Davis: Yes, clearly and certainly the dim weight was a good example of pricing that helps to match our cost to our rates and we clearly look at that. We have said in general that 2014 is the year of investing for the customer and creating unparallel service and that was a higher priority than short-term price issues. But, Alan, clearly you guys do a lot of thinking and activity in this front. Maybe you could talk.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So obviously the market continues to change with the B2C volume making up a bigger concentration of our business and we all see that that results in lower yields due to lighter weights and the mix between the products and the customers that are using those services. Were continuing to calibrate our pricing models to make sure that were aligning to the service that we provide and the price and a long-term strategy remains to achieve that 2%, 3% annual base price increase. Certainly the dim weight initiative that will begin at the beginning of 2015 will help bring us to the higher end of that base rate increase. Well also encourage our customers to take a look at their packaging practices and were already working with lots of customers in that regard right now so that they understand the impact of the dimensional weight changes. And either way if they change their packaging, UPS gets a nice cost advantage as do our customers or theyll pay for the size of the packaging.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: But given some of the cost issues and tighter capacity, you don't see an opportunity to go above 2% to 3% in this environment?
D. Scott Davis: We arent looking for dramatic changes. We make sure that over time we are appropriately compensated. Certainly next year will be a little different story than this year. Our primary focus this year is capacity and service. So well talk about that more going forward.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital: Good morning, everyone.
D. Scott Davis: Good morning, Scott.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital: Scott, congratulations. Hopefully, youll get some more time on the golf course going forward.
D. Scott Davis: Ill give it a try, Brandon. Thank you.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital: David, welcome to the spotlight. I guess my question is going to be a little difficult here, but I mean over the years we've all come to think of UPS as really geared for growth. If you go back talking about how your domestic business should grow around GDP if not above it, well, were in that environment now. The last couple of Teamster contracts, weve always discussed how they are geared for that incremental growth, the incremental package in the network and now with the deployment of ORION, obviously that could be a game-changer. And yet here we are in our third year of sub double digit EPS growth. I mean is this just a structurally different phase for UPS as we transition away from the previous B2B model to B2C or maybe for the next few years, were not going to be able to hit that 10% to 15% EPS growth target that you guys put out a few years ago?
D. Scott Davis: Brandon, Ill start and then David can certainly add some perspectives. The challenges you highlight are real and weve been talking about adapting and migrating our model to profitably grow with B2C volume. If you look at '12 and '13 up until the fourth quarter, we showed expanding margins driven by B2C growth. So I dont think its quite as bleak as youre painting it. And clearly the challenges remain but we think were well on those. So well clearly talk about the long term and the future in November a little more. But right now we feel like were doing the right things to build for the future. David?
David Abney: What we see now with the accelerated volume trends, we probably should have been investing at a slightly faster pace. We do see changing distribution patterns for customers around the world and were wrapping up investments this year by about $500 million primarily in capacity projects. And this additional CapEx is mostly of projects that we already had planned, we already knew we were going to do them. Were now just simply advancing them from the outer years due to the accelerated volume. So even with this acceleration and capital projects, we still expect CapEx to remain in the 4% to 4.5% range during the next few years.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mr. Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Maybe a question around peak season and the planning. Obviously, the conversations have been ongoing for several months now around customer behavior. And I guess I just want to think without using price necessarily as a strong or blunt instrument around customer behavior in the peak season, how do you sort of adapt and get customers to sort of focus on shipping at the right times when the network has a little bit more flexibility and a little bit more capacity? How are those conversations going in sort of the absence or I guess not necessarily using price as the key tool to adjusting that behavior?
D. Scott Davis: Yes, certainly we said one of the key components of our peak preparation was increased visibility with customers and improve planning the collaboration. Alan, you guys have been on that very much these days.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. We obviously have a long history of collaborating and communicating with our customers. But as you said, due to these changing trends the importance of us getting closer to our customers and working joining on collaborative operating plans is the order of the day. So, were working with our customers on special weekend operations. One of the areas that were working very closely with them on is their omnichannel strategies and whether or not they should be fulfilling from their DCs or fulfilling from their stores. And that certainly helps us manage their business better and also do it at a more effective cost.
D. Scott Davis: One of the parts of our peak planning has been joint commitment sessions with our customers certainly focusing on the highest peak periods and making sure that we have capacity thats needed. And if theres volume in excess of that, then there may well be a yield adjustment for that incremental volume.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup: All right, that was very helpful. Thanks. Congrats, Scott and David.
D. Scott Davis: Thank you.
David Abney: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and congrats Scott and David. I want to go back to this pricing thing. A lot of questions about pricing today, but it seems like as you've said 2014 is the year of investing for the customer. Is it possible that 2015 is going to be the year of charging the customer? And a couple questions about that as we think about  as I think about some of the comments you've made today, do you feel like you need to have a clean peak season from a service perspective before you can start to move price? And secondly, is a potential peak season surcharge in the offing for this year?
D. Scott Davis: First of all, we definitely are planning and expecting a clean peak season. Weve invested heavily this year as weve talked about at length. We think were prepared. Were working very well with the customers. So we certainly expect a real strong peak season in 2014. As I said, this year is about investing for the customers. And as I mentioned earlier, I dont think youll see the level of OpEx required in 2015 that we saw in 2014. But if e-commerce conditions change again in 2015 to drive more OpEx, I think well have to evaluate everything. Everything is on the table and that could include a surcharge to peak in the future.
Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins - Stephens Inc.: Hi, guys. Thank you for the time. David, it sounds like youve had some very extensive conversations with your customers here over the course of the last several months as you assume your new role. I was just curious if you could give us a sense for how you are expecting peak season to unfold both in terms of international airfreight and then on the domestic side, just from your conversations with those customers? Are you expecting to see some tech product launches beyond what we've seen in the past couple of years? Just trying to get a sense for the order of magnitude relative to what we've been seeing call it over the last three, four years.
David Abney: All right. Well, as far as the tech launches, every year to the third and fourth quarter we normally do see tech launches and we expect that that continue again next year. In fact weve heard some pretty good indications of that and we have shown in the past where we can wrap up rapidly and we handle these tech launches really as good as anybody could out there. So we look forward to it. As far as the international freight, Jim, as it goes to peak season, Ill turn it over to you.
Jim Barber: Well, I think the great part about the network and the way weve got it set is they launch and both the airfreight side as well as the small packaged side, the network is able to handle that. And as David said, we do have some information about launches coming. We work with those typically a couple of months out to make sure the customers and we satisfy their needs and their consumers. So, I would say to this specific question we kind of see the next couple of quarters similar to the past couple of years and some tech launches coming and our ability to participate in those accordingly.
Jack Atkins - Stephens Inc.: Great. Thanks again for the time.
Operator: We have a question from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. Kurt, you mentioned in your earlier comments about changing distribution patterns in Europe and David, you also mentioned that distribution patterns were generally changing around the world. Can you expand on those comments specifically on how distribution patterns are changing for Europe? How well UPS is positioned to handle that? And how those changes of operations or the additional capacity youre ramping up is looking to address this?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Ill start off at a high global level and then have Jim maybe talk a little more granularly. We are continuing to see transport or shipments, regional shipments grow at a faster rate than trans-ocean shipments. So intra-Europe, intra-North America certainly seems to be a higher  have a higher velocity and you can see that in our mix change, in our yield change. So, thats one of the big themes. Europes been a strong story for intra-Europe shipments with the convergence to the EU, but we are seeing some areas show a little more growth than others. Jim, maybe you could talk.
Jim Barber: Well, I think it really just comes down to the fact that Europe as a single market is continuing to evolve. Your distribution centers where they are placed there move and as that economy grows and it moves out to the east, the distribution models move with it. The inventories move with it. Our transport or network will support it in a different way, those patterns change and thats a good thing for us to have our network. I think the investments that were talking about quite frankly are more in the hubs now and our hubs are  the growth patterns youve seen in international now are forcing us just like the U.S. continue to force in our hubs to keep that network flowing appropriately and thats what we plan to do over the next couple of years. So thats really whats behind the trade pattern question.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus: And does Cologne have enough capacity to handle it as you expected or are there other hubs that need to pop up to kind of supplement it?
Jim Barber: Its be a great day when we build the next Cologne because its got  weve built it quite frankly for about 10 more years of growth and the most recent investment and can continue to scale. We love that investment and it will serve us well for a long time to come.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Operator: David Campbell of Thompson, Davis, & Co., please go ahead.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis, & Co.: Yes, thank you for taking the question. Back to Europe a little bit, there is obviously a lot of economic and political hotspots over there; Russia, the Ukraine, Israel, Iraq. Any impact on your business from any of these disputes, the wars, disputes, whatever you want to call them?
D. Scott Davis: I mean straight up, I would say those business markets for us right now were obviously in those markets, I think weve done a good job to kind of manage through those and have an operating model thats flexible and variable depending on what happens. But most of those markets for us are still what we would call emerging markets and weve kind of kept back some of the big investments there to be tailored to the trade that weve talked about earlier and the way that were ready to invest. So at this point, we feel like weve adjusted that adequately and results in the international business you can see havent been affected at all.
Kurt Kuehn: Theres not much impact. Yes, we still pay attention to what could happen to Ukraine, could that impact Poland or Syria could impact Turkey and those type of things. So we pay a lot of attention to it. So far no damage.
David Abney: From an airline standpoint, we closely, closely monitor world events and make sure that we make the appropriate changes to our air network.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis, & Co.: And last question is, is your international airlift capacity down? I see that the tonnage is down from last year. Is your capacity down too?
D. Scott Davis: Our block hours are pretty much flat with last year, so maybe slightly down but not much.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis, & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, David.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mr. Thomas Kim of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Thank you. I have a long-term question on your Asian network. Based on the aircraft order book, cargo, capacity and passenger belly hold is likely to grow faster than airfreight demand structurally. First off, would you agree with that and if so, do you have opportunity to become or to rely much more extensively on third party capacity? And in that vein, does that mean that you need to expand your freight forwarding capacity much more significantly than what youre capable of today? Thanks.
David Abney: Ill start off. Asia to U.S., our network is built around 7.5 trunk routes and that changes a little bit and we watched it closely. It is down 20% from 2011. Weve also placed larger aircrafts, so thats one of the things that has helped us in that area. So, yes, especially with the growth of worldwide expedited products, it does give you a lot more options to move the freight. You can hold it to take advantage of capacity. Its less capital intensive and we can utilize common carriage more for that product and we certainly do.
D. Scott Davis: Just a note I think we did foresee this. Thats part of why we made a big investment into a forwarding capability back in 2001. Thanks.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Rob Salmon of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. With regard to the SurePost growth that we saw in this quarter, could you elaborate a little bit on where thats coming from and what your expectations are looking forward? Its been over 50% the past couple quarters and I was hoping to get a little bit more color on that line.
D. Scott Davis: Sure. Alan, you want to take us through it.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So the growth is certainly concentrated but its concentrated in one industry and thats retail. However, its wide scale throughout our enterprise customers and also our middle market account. And really what youre seeing is shipments are choosing UPS because of the array of solutions we provide not just the SurePost product. And as you heard earlier, really all of our air and ground products, our residential products are growing, our commercial products are also growing but certainly SurePost grew with that 60%.
Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Ms. Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse: Thanks for taking my question. Just on the cash flow and some of the expense headwinds you have coming through in the second half, I was just wondering if there was any update on your plans to repurchase 2.7 billion of shares this year which I think you outlined in your fourth quarter conference call. Are you guys still expecting around that level?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, absolutely. Our commitment to shareowner distributions remains unchanged. Actually our CapEx although reoriented more towards ground and technology facilities and vehicles than airplanes remains quite low, so we will be in the 4% plus or minus category. And so, yes, our share repurchase continue. Were pretty much right on pace for completing our $2.7 billion commitment for this year.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse: Okay, that's great. Thank you.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Mr. Jeff Kauffman of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Thank you very much and congratulations to both Scott and David.
D. Scott Davis: Hi, Jeff. I got to say that on my first call in 2000, you asked my first question. Today youre going to ask the last question.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Were coming full circle. A lot of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to focus a little bit on the maintenance expense. Its not your largest expense, but I was a little surprised. It was up 10%, particularly with block hours kind of flat. Did we see any deferred maintenance this quarter from first quarter? Is there any reason why it would be at this level?
Kurt Kuehn: No. The biggest driver of it is just the cycle of aircraft maintenance. Clearly, there is some expense in there as we began during some retrofits and buildings, but its really driven by just the normal large B&C checks for airlines, Jeff, and we do expect that to continue for a couple of quarters.
David Abney: Yes, its really the aging of some of the new aircraft that we bought over the last few years. Theyre in for their first real maintenance check now and thats whats driving it. Its just block hours and a time issue.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Very good. Well, Scott, please enjoy. Guys, thank you.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Wilkinson and panel for any closing remarks they may have.
Joe Wilkinson: Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Scott Davis.
D. Scott Davis: As I said, this is my 14th year of hosting these calls with either the CEO or the CFO and weve delivered a lot of different messages over those 14 years. But this quarter believe it or not was our largest domestic volume increase, 7.4% that we saw in those 14 years, so its pretty impressive to get that kind of growth. So the markets are moving in the right direction. Clearly, 2014 is a year that we are investing for the customer but we expect an excellent peak season and in the future, these investments will clearly benefit not just the customer but also our employees and our shareowners. Thanks so much. I enjoyed the call.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Joe Wilkinson - IR Scott Davis - CEO Kurt Kuehn - CFO Jim Barber - SVP; President, UPS International David Abney - COO, SVP Alan Gershenhorn - SVP, Worldwide Sales, Marketing and Strategy
Analyst : Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company David Vernon - Sanford Bernstein Scott Group - Wolfe Research Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital Chris Wetherbee - Citi Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank Keith Shoemaker - Morningstar John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital Jack Atkins - Stephens Inc. Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise, and after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note, we will only take one question from each participant to accommodate more analysts during the call. Thank you for your cooperation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Joe Wilkinson, Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Joe Wilkinson: Good morning and welcome to the UPS first quarter 2014 earnings call. Joining me today are Scott Davis, our CEO; and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO; along with Chief Operating Officer, David Abney, International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray and UPS Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the Company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2013 Form 10-K which is available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although there were no adjustments to first quarter 2014 results, there was an adjustment related to the attempted acquisition of TNT that increased first quarter 2013 diluted earnings per share by $0.04. As a result in our remarks today, all quarterly and full year comments and comparisons were referred to adjusted results. In addition we will discuss UPS free cash flow which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The webcast of todays call along with a reconciliation of free cash flow and adjusted results are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Before we review the details of the quarter I want to announce that we plan to hold an Investor Conference later this year. The 2014 UPS Investor Conference will be held at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in New York on November 13th. We look forward to updating you on our strategy, demonstrating our technology and sharing our plans for the future. You will be receiving a same day invitation soon with more details. And just as a reminder, as on previous calls please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate. Thanks for your cooperation. Now I will turn it over to Scott.
Scott Davis: Thanks Joe. Welcome to your first call and good morning to everyone. UPS first quarter performance produced mixed results. International demonstrated strong volume growth and margin expansion and a 8% increase in export shipments. Supply chain and freight delivered results that were about as we expected, however our U.S. domestic segment fell short due to the unusually harsh weather during the first quarter. We pride ourselves on being an all-weather company, but the intensity of this years winter storm season produced challenging conditions. Buildings across UPS network were forced to cease operations somewhere in the U.S. on 34 days during the quarter. These weather events not only led to increased cost but also influenced UPS product and customer mix contributing to lower yields. We saw business to business shipments slow as manufacturers, distributors and retailers closed shop. On the other hand snowbound consumers took to the Internet to make their purchases. Clearly UPS results in the U.S. reflect both the loss revenue and the additional cost associated with these storms and Kurt will provide more details in just a moment. While we are yet to see the first quarter U.S. GDP numbers, its safe to say that growth will be slower due to weather. The good news is that spring has arrived and we expect the pace of U.S. economic growth to pick up as 2014 progresses. In Europe the economy is showing signs of recovery and faster growth. Yet as the situation in Ukraine deteriorates, that pace may slow. Economic expansion in Asia has remained steady with mid single digit growth and in Latin America expectations call for increased merchandise exports. The economic benefit of global trade is clearly visible in both established and emerging economies. Trade per modes economic expansion creates jobs, makes companies more competitive and lowers prices for consumers. Congress now needs to act to pass a trade promotion authority bill or TPA that supports economic growth in job creations in the U.S. TPA gives the administration authority to pursue trade agreements that meet objectives laid out by Congress. We strongly encourage swift passage of TPA as there are currently three important trade packs pending that provide real economic benefits and TPA will clearly increase their chances of success. The expansion of global trade is an important catalyst to the UPS growth strategy. Recently our management and board of directors conducted detailed review of UPS long term strategic initiatives and identified key opportunities that bring long term value to both customers and shareowners. The updates we received were encouraging. UPS is on the right path to ensure that our solutions meet the ever changing needs of the marketplace. We will continue to stay focused on providing industry specific solutions as we invest in our healthcare capabilities and develop omni-channel solutions for the retail industry. In addition we review the implementation of the operational technology projects or ORION and Hub Automation. On the international front Jim Barber will bring you up today this morning on how were expanding the UPS global network in both developed and emerging economies as well as what were doing to serve end consumers around the world. In support of our healthcare strategy UPS announced several investments during the quarter including the acquisition of Polar Speed. This addition to our global healthcare network will provide improved access to the important UK market as well as unique cold chain transportation capabilities. Also UPS opened new healthcare distribution facilities in Canada and Mexico and thus plan to expand with additional facilities in Brazil and Chile later this year, further increasing our capabilities in Latin America. Adding to these industry specific solutions, we've expanded our distribution network in North America for retail and manufacturing clients. These investments add almost 500,000 square feet to our footprint at three key distribution sites in Kentucky, California and Alberta, Canada. Now before I turn it over to Kurt, I want to give you a quick update on what weve been doing regarding peak season. During the last couple of months we have met with UPS largest customers. We are working collectively to improve forecast and accuracy, increase visibility of shipments and improve mutual planning capabilities. Our shared goal is to enhance the end consumers experience. In addition, David Abney and his team are on track with the system changes, facility automation and capacity enhancements we discussed last quarter. These improvements will provide better flexibility of peak and will deliver service and productivity gains throughout the year. As we continue to implement these enhancements, well keep you updated on our progress. Now Kurt will take you through the details of the quarter.
Kurt Kuehn: Well thanks Scott and good morning every one. Our goal today is not to make this call all about weather but unfortunately it did significantly weigh on earnings. So well have to spend a minute or two talking about it. The difficult weather environment this quarter created severe operational challenge that increased cost and also pressured demand. Unfortunately due to our diversified portfolio, weather is not the only story. Most notably were encouraged by the strong momentum in international and the positive results in the supply chain and trade segment. We expect both of these to continue. Now lets review the segment results. Our U.S. domestic operating profit was 927 million down 158 million with margin contracting 220 basis points. Clearly the impact of weather was reflected in the bottom line. We estimate that the profitability was lowered by almost $200 million. This includes the additional expense from loss productivity, snow removal, increased utilities, in addition it was a drag on revenue due to perishable demand and increased service refunds. UPS experienced service disruptions in the network on more than half of the operating days in the quarter, materially increasing network costs as we attempted to navigate around the many storms. For example, a substantial rise in the number of delayed trailers slowed network operations and pushed direct labor hours up 5.4% including a 20% increase in overtime. U.S. domestic revenue increased 2.6% to $8.5 billion. We were encouraged to see strong demand in the U.S. as daily volume was up 4.2%. Ground products were up 4.4% driven by SurePost, which grew more than 50%. UPS deferred products grew 6.3% and Next Day Air was 1.5% higher due to increases in Next Day Air Saver package. B2C shipping contributed broadly to gains across all products, while B2B improved slightly primarily from ecommerce including omni-channel customers. Average revenue per package declined by 1.5%, days rate increases were more than offset by changes in customer and product mix slightly lower fuel surcharges and weather also contributed to yield declines. Couple of interesting things we noticed. Customer mix shifted a bit as large accounts were able to more effectively manage around storms. Also B2B volume was clearly reduced by weather events whereas in contrast B2C growth remained robust as consumers were able to continue shopping online, pushing our residential delivery mix to almost 44%. Next, the international segment results. We are encouraged by the positive business trends were seeing especially in Europe. UPS international revenue was up 5% to $3.1 billion. Operating profit increased 12% and operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 14%. Over the last several quarters, weve been making adjustments to optimize network efficiencies. These improvements coupled with the increased shipments contributed to margin expansion during the quarter. Our international export volume was 7.7% higher, with Europe leading the way with growth to all regions of the world. Strong demand for UPS transporter products increased intra-European exports by more than 15%. Non-U.S. domestic volume jumped more than 8% led by Germany, Poland, The UK and Canada. Export yields on a currency neutral basis were down 3.2% negatively impacted by shorter trade lanes and changing product mix as non-premium products grew by 13% with premium up 4%. Looking now at supply chain and trade, operating profit was up 3.5% to $148 million led by the forwarding and distribution business units. Operating margin expanded 30 basis points to 6.8%. In forwarding, shipments and tonnage increased while market conditions drove revenue per kilo lower. The ocean forwarding and brokerage businesses both experienced solid revenue gains and improved profitability. The distribution unit continued to expand its footprint with the facility openings that Scott mentioned earlier. The retail and healthcare sectors combined to produce mid-single digit revenue growth. Operating margin expanded 80 basis points to 9% despite the expansion cost. UPS freight saw both pressure on demand and higher operating cost due to weather. Revenue was up slightly due to a 3% improvement in LTL revenue per 100 weight that was offset by a 2% tonnage decline. Operating profit was lowered by increased network cost associated with the difficult conditions. Looking now at cash in our balance sheet, the ability to generate free cash flow on a consistent basis is a hallmark of UPS. This quarter, UPS once again had a conversion rate well in excess of 100% generating 1.9 billion in cash. Capital expenditures were about 320 million. The pace of investment will accelerate as the year progresses. We expect capital expenditures to reach 2.5 billion for 2014, many of the network enhancements and operational technology projects will ramp up during the second and third quarters. Regarding share under our distributions, UPS paid 596 million in dividends reflecting the 8.1% increase announced by the board in February. In addition, the company repurchased 6.8 million shares for approximately $660 million. On the labor front, we are pleased with the progress thats been made and while weve not yet received final word from the Teamsters we feel its an appropriate time to share with you some key elements of the new agreement. A detailed presentation will be made available on the IR website upon implementation of the contract. The new agreement includes reasonable wage and benefit increases as well as flexibilities that will improve service and profitability. UPS has devoted substantial time and effort working to help the Teamsters better understand our cost structures and the changes needed to provide attractive benefits in the future while remaining competitive in the industry. Sponsorship of healthcare plans has become expensive largely due to high healthcare inflation trends and legislation like the Affordable Care Act. After much evaluation, we determine that the best path for UPS was to move our union employees to multiemployer healthcare plans. In simple terms, UPS is moving from a defined healthcare benefit plan to a defined contribution environment with the contribution set for the duration of the contract. Once the new contract is implemented, the responsibility for proving medical coverage will be assumed by Teamster plans. As a part of this settlement UPS will also remove existing post-retirement healthcare liabilities from our balance sheet. This obligation for future retirees as well as ongoing coverage for active employees will become the responsibility of the multi-employer plans. When we transfer this liability to the Union, UPS expects to make a significant cash payment to these plans and record a one-time charge. As I said, more details will come in the future when the contract is finalized. Looking now at our expectations for the rest of the year. While we took a hit in the first quarter our expectation for the remainder of the year are unchanged. In U.S. domestic, we still anticipate operating margin of approximately 14% for the remainder of the year. We expect a little higher package growth somewhere between 4% and 5% resulting from the gains in UPS share post. Looking more closely at the quarters, as we discussed back in January we will be incurring at least 100 million in extra operating expense. This expense is related to network and systems enhancements as well as the accelerated deployment of ORION. The lion's share of this expense will weigh on the second and third quarters by about $0.02 to $0.03 each. Our expectations for international and the supply chain and freight segments remain unchanged. So overall we are encouraged by the positive trends weve seen across the business and anticipate the remaining three quarters to perform as we originally guided. However, due to the challenging start to 2014, we expect to be at the low end of our earnings per share guidance range of $5.05 to $5.30. Now Jim will take you through our international business.
Jim Barber: Thanks Kurt. I would like to take a few minutes to update you on the key components of our international strategy and the positive momentum we are experiencing. The international segment delivered our best volume growth since the third quarter 2010 up almost 8% per day. This growth combined with our network and operating efficiencies drove our industry leading margin to 14%. As we look at the business around the world, UPS experienced high growth in many developed economies during the first quarter. For instance, in large European markets like Germany, The UK, France and Spain exports were up more than 17%. Meanwhile large Asian markets like Hong Kong and Japan saw export growth of more than 6%. We continued to align our networks to market conditions and regional trade patterns. Europe has been the foundation for UPS international investment and growth. Our customers continue to value the capabilities and solutions that we provide to support the single market economy. One of the most rewarding components of our Europe growth is to see the success of our recent acquisitions. Some examples of that success are Turkey with revenue up 18%, the UK was up 11% and Poland was 15% higher. UPS operational methods and systems facilitated the successful integrations of these key acquisitions. Our intra-Europe air and ground networks are proving attractive to customers looking to optimize their supply chains. We recently invested $200 million in the UPS Europe air network with the expansion of our Cologne Air Hub. This increased our sort capacity by 70% coupled with state of the art securities screening and improved our air and ground network performance. The value of our extensive ground network in Europe was also evident. As cross border shipments were up 15% in the first quarter. Recent investments such as our Kiala acquisition and the UPS Access Point Rollout in Europe are further strengthening our ecommerce proposition escalating our ability to serve the end consumer around the world. UPS My Choice continued to be a great success in the U.S. As part of our global retail strategy we are evaluating expansion opportunities for this end consumer solution in markets around the world. In 2012 we changed how we interact with our middle market customers across our international business. We understand our needs better and are tailoring industry specific solutions that add value for them. This initiative is paying dividends as we achieved double-digit gains in four important verticals; retail, healthcare, industrial and automotive. UPS capabilities and solutions resonate well in these verticals, giving us confidence of recent trends are sustainable. Emerging markets are the next logical step in the UPS international expansion strategy and will contribute to growth as we enhance our capabilities in these underserved markets. We are in the early stages of the UPS emerging market strategy. The realignment of the international business units is allowing us to concentrate our efforts and leadership teams in these developing economies. As we progress we will keep you updated. In closing, I am proud of the dedication and hard work of UPS' around the world that produce these results. In fact I see our most important competitive advantage as the UPS culture and how it integrates with local communities in our diversified portfolio. No matter where I go, UPS people speak the language of dedication and commitment to exceeding our customer expectations. Thanks, now Ill turn it back to you Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks Jim and we look forward to lot of great future events in the international segment. Operator well turn it back over to you then to open up the lines.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: I trust the weather and the guidance first off here. Youre maintaining that you can hit the low end of the previously stated guidance range, despite the tough first quarter. I am just curious what are the two or three main drivers that give you confidence, you mentioned some strong package growth in SurePost, but just the two or three broadly that you think will help you and may be some trends here into the second quarter that support your confidence in those. Thanks.
Scott Davis: Yeah Scott it has been a challenging time and our operations people in the U.S. faced clearly extraordinary conditions and really storm after storm and as you heard, over half the days we had some significant network operations with facilities shut down. So it was a very tough quarter. Beneath that though we do feel that the initiatives weve rolled out in the core momentum of the company is continuing steadily. So if you peel away that exclusion basically our guidance remains unchanged. Were seeing a little better volume on the light weight side and the operations now that skies have cleared have worked a little better. So Myron may be you could talk a little bit how you guys I guess survived Q1 and the momentum coming into Q2.
Myron Gray: Scott and Kurt both have alluded to in their opening comments on 34 of the 63 operating days in the quarter, we experienced severe weather conditions prompting many of the governors in the States that were effected to issue a level three emergency condition that prohibited us from working. We also saw a tremendous uptick in the number of trailers that were impacted by weather rising over 400%. As the result of it, our direct labor hours as well as overtime expense went up significantly. Overtime hours were impacted by more than 20%, I dont think there is a person in the country who is more happy about seeing spring weather return and as a result of it in April, both our productivity and service has returned to normal level. So as Kurt has alluded to you, we dont see an issue moving forward.
Scott Davis: Can I just the macro-economic environment looks decent as we move forward. I think the both the global GDP and U.S. GDP will be a little better than they were last year, not robust, but better than they were a year ago. And what excites me is I think were going to see all three segments producing good growth. We saw international, we saw supply chain and freight accomplish what theyre supposed to in the first quarter, that momentum is going forward. In domestic we saw (currency) [ph] improvement in to the March and were seeing it in April, so we feel very good about the 14% margins in domestic.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Kurt and Scott I am curious if you can talk a little bit about pricing. Scott, given the comments you just made about GDP and given the experience in the fourth quarter where we kind of ran out capacity which seemed to me weve got maybe an increasingly positive backdrop for pushing harder on price. Can you talk a little bit about how you think about that and are we entering a period where may be pricing gets a bit better?
Scott Davis: Well, we do think that pricing is very stable and Ill have Alan talk about it little bit. Clearly the significant change in our mix does mask what we think is a core base rate pricing of about 2% plus or minus. And so with the substantial mix shift, its made it hard to see but we feel pretty good that were making investments and well be compensated fairly for it. So, Alan may be you could expand a little bit on pricing.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes I mean I would just add that the base rate increases of about 2% weve been experiencing for quite some time certainly masked by customer and product mix changes that were certainly exacerbated by some of the weather trends that Kurt alluded to in the opening comments. As far as peak season goes, our goal is to ensure we are properly compensated based on our customer shipping characteristics and also their seasonal patterns. And were certainly working with each customer and their specific contracts on an individual basis to make sure that were compensated fairly for this services that were providing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. If I can just follow up on that, the pricing commentary there, may be just get a little bit more specific on that. Do you plan to use price to then adjust behavior in terms of getting it away from the December 23rd kind of peak day and kind of may be shifting the behavior a little earlier to help the network and I guess following on that, what additional projects, it sounded like youre things to accelerate shipments. It may be some more automation, can you may be dig into that a little bit in terms of where the 100 million and 500 million of investments are going?
Scott Davis: Ken Ill take your first question anyway and Ill let Alan expand a little bit on our real priority with customers. Our top priority this year is to provide superior service and quality operations to help our customers succeed during peak season. So well talk a little more in the future about the network enhancements. But Alan this is not the new, you guys work with customers and plan operation specifically peak season and use both price and strategy to manage it, right?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so just to add a little bit of color on that. Weve met with all of our major and certainly our largest customers to increase the collaboration, very-very productive meetings that weve had, were working on improving mutual planning capabilities with obviously the ultimate goal of enhancing their end consumers' customer experience. Working on areas with these customers splits, bypasses, direct ships, late multiple, we can pick up special operating plans and then were obviously communication the plans that were working on unilaterally in the areas of forecasting, capacity planning, visibility and communication.
Scott Davis: And Ken I'll just add there, pretty much all options are still on the table, its early in the process. We said last quarter, we really want to be able to meet customer expectations, but also meet our financial objectives at peak. So, were still evaluating alternatives out there.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Yes, good morning everyone. I wanted to talk a little bit about may be some of the network adjustments that youre making in terms of as youre getting more of the SurePost revenue, one of the benefits of the ground network had been getting the better density on that local delivery on the B2C type front and if more shifting over the SurePost which is probably great for the overall network in terms of the revenue streams, but like you had to do on the international side, are you having to make any network adjustments because of that falling in to SurePost and then secondarily to that and I know its probably too early to talk specifics, but does the new contract for the Teamsters give you a better flexibility to may be handle more SurePost away from the direct ground business? Thank you.
Scott Davis: Ill take the Teamster question, I guess the contract question first and well move over to probably David. The news just broke last night on this contract being ratified. We have not yet been formally notified by the teamsters. Once we get formal notifications as Kurt said, we will do a webcast of the details of the contract, so really do want to get into the flexibilities of the cost until we get the formal notification which hopefully is coming soon.
David Abney: Okay, as far as the changes in the system and effects that it could have by additional SurePost, really its the same technology that we use in the rest of our business, certainly helps us here. So SurePost redirect is about as good an example as you can have and how our technology allows us to accommodate this change. So very late in the process, we can determine if there are additional packages going to the same stop and then we can redirect that and then we will actually deliver it. It will be much cheaper than tendering it to the post office. If its a single package, then we would do just the opposite, let it go ahead and flow. There is other, the technology where we can scan and make those decisions in the automation that we have placed in our hubs, we also have in our preloads. So yes, we see a change in the types of packages and the flow of the packages but we certainly have the automation and we certainly have the technology to adjust to that.
Scott Davis: Yes I guess may be one high level recap on that is that the goal for us is to make the investments to get our variable cost down extremely low and these packages drive very little capital and low operating expenses they flow through our automated system, so were confident that we understand the operational changes and were making the investments to be able to profit off of this growth for a long time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. David Vernon of Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. Could you give us a little bit of an update on the rollout of the ORION system and may be talk at the micro level about what types of sort of productivity impact this is having in terms of [indiscernible] an hour or any type of metric that can give us some better sense for how impactful this rollout can be going forward?
Scott Davis: Right, well other than the fact that we have in some of our (ORION) [ph] people out in three feet of snow trying to chart out route, so I think its moving pretty well. Myron what do you think?
Myron Gray: David were certainly encouraged by the results that we've seeing thus far and as we alluded to in the first -- in last call, we certainly added 200 resources to help us with our implementation. To-date only approximately 20% of our drivers have been implemented, we will expect that to approach nearly 45% by years end but its too early to give you any numbers at this point even though were encouraged and at the November investors conference, I think we will have more information to divulge to you
Scott Davis: But were very encouraged by the progress were seeing so far and as Myron said in November well probably give you the metrics.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: So wanted to ask a little bit about the buyback and if there if you see some flexibility now that the teamsters contract is about to get approved to ramp that up and may be do you feel comfortable putting some broad numbers in terms of the payment to the multi-employer plans and then as debt comes off the balance sheet, is that an important metric you look at or consider when you think about how much stock you do want to buyback?
Scott Davis: Okay, Scott Ill try to piece all that together into one question I guess. No, our capital distribution policy, we guided this year of repurchasing 2.7 billion in stock you can see that were well along the way on that in the first quarter and the increased dividend, so the settlement of the contract is not a material impact on our capital policies. We remain very strong on free cash flow and well distribute accordingly. Well be sharing a lot more information on the migration of the retiree healthcare liability off our balance sheet and are always looking for ways to use our low cost to capital and our quality balance sheet to minimize volatility and improve returns, so this is no different.
Kurt Kuehn: And that those information will be forthcoming soon. If the reports are accurate from last night we should have the information hopefully in a couple of days and share that with you. I guess the one thing I'd add Scott is, is even though obviously net income was impacted dramatically by the weather, our cash flow gain was extraordinary in the first quarter of over 1.9 billion in free cash flow. So, well obviously consider that in our decisions going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital: Good morning everyone. Kurt or Jim, I want to talk little bit about international margins, because I know there is a lot of moving pieces this year and you did have a good outcome in the first quarter year on year, but the comps get a little bit more difficult in the second and fourth quarter. So what are some of your assumptions around margin improvement for the remainder of the year, are you assuming sequential demand improvement and yield improvement, can you talk a little bit more about that?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we have guided to profits growing 12% to 14% this year, clearly theyre off to a good start, so I think youll continue to see improvements and hopefully you got to sense that we do think that things are moving well. So, Jim may be you could expand a little on some of your guys' results and outlook.
Jim Barber: Yes so Brandon obviously the comments in the opening gave some framework to it. I think that we should keep in mind that international, we keep talking about momentum. This is really the fifth quarter in a row, its come up. I think we have to also keep in mind its been a year since the (TNT) [ph] situation ended, I must put that way. And the business itself has really kind of gotten back to the basics of what were supposed to do, you can see that. And so the leadership teams are in good place right now and I think the other comment I would tell you is, weve also looked at the international business and not only investing today what youre seeing today but in some of the guidance, some of the emerging market investment, the teams are restructuring this coming forward. So were actually I think in a very good place internationally and all the confidence in the world to the guidance we've given you so far.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Mr. Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citi: Just following up on the international question, when you think about sort of this re-acceleration of volumes that were seeing particularly in Europe. Does it bring to the table any more opportunity to start thinking a bit more about price, it seems like sort of the underlying base rates are still pretty good, just getting a rough sense though of how maybe there could be some leverage there. This is more going to be a sort of volume opportunity as you look forward over the course of the next couple of quarters.
Scott Davis: Yes, well not all volumes are created equally and I think that Jim maybe you can expand a little bit on our focus there.
Jim Barber: Yes, a couple of things that are also going on, I think that to recognize certainly in Europe, the supply chains are moving too, they dont remain static. So some of the big supply chains around the world the customers are trying to optimize their networks, we work with them to do that, so the zones move, the distribution patterns move, so our trans-border growth in Europe, a lot of that was to support moving distribution patterns that shorten up zone, that affects the yield of the package, but our job is to create the margins in the new networks. So were very comfortable with that. I also made an opening comment that I think is important which is our middle market acceleration weve seen in last couple of quarters and we really havent seen this in the past as our middle market is now outpacing some of our larger gold enterprise accounts. And then the other thing thats going on I think of material nature is the high-tech industry and those product launches have kind of laid down. So in the middle of all that, some of internal optimization investments seem to be paying dividends and what theyll move forward and well leverage all that together.
Scott Davis: What encouraging Jim in that quarter too is while we still saw the slower products grow at double-digit pace, we still saw express grow at 4% to 5% pace internationally which is a good sign to see express markets still growing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ms. Allison Landry if Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse: I wanted to ask about growth in Europe and specifically the strength that youve seen in the Pan European business. Can you give us a sense of the contribution of this segment to international profit margins and returns on invested capital? And do you think Europe as a whole will be able to achieve margins that are similar to the U.S. at some point?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, as you know, we dont breakdown margins specifically by area of the world. But clearly the international business has been a great business for us and Europe is our flagship over half of our revenues are European based. So we want to get into more detail, but we do think Europes here to stay and that the business model Jim, that youre managing is in pretty good shape.
Jim Barber: Yes, I think the underpinning as Kurt said I think margins by product will keep away from. I think its more about the network and its capability to react to the market, the single market thats there today and weve been building that effectively from my perspective since about 96. And its in great shape and we continue invest in it and were very happy with the returns on capital and well keep investing where that makes sense for us and for our customers.
Kurt Kuehn: Thats absolutely right. I think the European networks are built a lot like the U.S. network and were getting excellent returns on invested capital in that network.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Mr. Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead sir.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Just kind of dive in and maybe taking a different look at international. You talked about the strength we saw in the first quarter. I think, it sounds like Aprils off to a good start. I think you also said there is an improvement in your (forwarding) [ph] business on a net revenue basis. And you could about a little bit whats going on there? Is that just kind of strength youre seeing in the overall international economy? Or maybe youre getting some market share gains there as well?
Scott Davis: So as the opening comments alluded too, yes we are. Tonnage is up, we know that, the yield is really kind of still pressured. And when I say that, what I mean is, a few quarters ago I talked about concentration in hi-tech in military and making sure that we try to diversify through that. The team is doing good job with respect to that in some lanes the markets still are tough to actually get the buy sell jokes right. Were very, very happy with the ocean product, with the brokerage product, with a North American air freight products. So were just -- were very focused on and have some projects in the pipeline right now that kind of get up that air freight so we continue the momentum there. So we feel like were hitting on three of the four cylinders with the fourth one being worked on in a pretty good way right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Ben Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co.: So, I think Scott had said that the international outlook was more or less unchanged, the total volume growth in the quarter up 8% above I think the target that you had provided for the beginning -- for the full year 4% to 6%. I am wondering if we should expect that rate of growth to decelerate through the year to converge towards that target. And then I am also, in conjunction with that, can you provide any context to how you see the growth between non-premium and premium products trending through the year as well? Thanks.
Scott Davis: Yes great couple of pieces there, but I think we did show very strong growth in the first quarter, but surprised us to positive just a little bit. There is a little bit of a benefit of the Easter timing I think in the first quarter. Easter was right at the break between Q1 and Q2 last year so there may be a little extra beef in Q1 that would put a little drag on Q2. As far as the trends on premium versus standard, Ill let Jim talk to that little bit.
Jim Barber: Yes I think again I think as I mentioned a minute ago, four-five quarters of growth and I would combine that with the acquisition comment I made in the opening in the UKs and the Polands and the Turkey markets for example. A lot of this is from good solid growth in the domestic product now four-five quarters in a row so you start to get lapping yourself quite frankly from that perspective. Therefore the end of the year looks a little bit different than the first, but we keep talking about that in a momentum basis. So, what that kind of outlook that you see on paper is certainly, we want to focus on the export and then combining that with the domestics in the markets where we currently are will in the future have the great capabilities.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Thomas Kim of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs: I had a couple questions just related to the Europe part, one was just, can you parse out the organic growth related to Europe, if you were able to parse out the harvesting of the recent investments. And then I guess just one of the other sort of comments or questions is, wondering if you could elaborate on the mix shift change thats happened in Europe where your non-premium is growing more than premium and should we be thinking about that mix shift change similar to the way that weve been seeing it sort of evolve over in Asia where youve had increase in deferred impacting the overall mix and pricing? Thanks.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes let me piece the parts of that so I can combine for you here. First off the issue of the organic is everything is organic right now. The acquisitions were several years ago, so there is no material acquisitions above all, really the only notable acquisition is in the healthcare space and that did not impact the results at all. The whole issue of managing the mix changes, it makes a big difference if its -- that youre seeing trade down against the same asset. Thats been the challenge in Asia where youve gone from express to slower modes and if you dont adapt, then youre stuck with lower revenue on a fixed asset. But the whole nature of the UPS network is to allow customers to move up and down and Ill tell you there is a huge difference in capital employed between a package moving from Asia to Europe in a 747 versus a package moving across Europe in our integrated ground network. So the capital required and the returns are substantially different and so were very happy to see robust growth through our integrated network. And then to Jims point, as we grow the domestic business, what that does is it lowers the pickup and delivery cost for all products. So thats the benefit of the portfolio that these products reinforce themselves and we get both economy of scale as we get bigger in each country and economy of scope as we have complementary product. So as Scott said, Europe is very much following the lessons weve learned from the U.S. capital returns and investment and were happy to get standard volume there or premium.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rob Salmon of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Kurt a quick housekeeping item can you give us a sense if the new Teamster contract is incorporated into the current guidance because its not yet finalized and then Jim two quick follow ups with regard to the European network. With the stronger than expected growth that weve been seeing to-date, are there any sort of necessary incremental capital investments within the ground network and can you talk a little bit about the density within your line haul network in Europe and how that compares to U.S. currently? Thanks.
Kurt Kuehn: Okay Teamster Ill break ranks and answer two questions because the answer to the first one is one word, and that is yes in our guidance. Jim may be you could talk about the capital expansion for Europe and whether its material.
Jim Barber: Yes so I would say that certainly in the network today, part of the ongoing process and numbers we give you every year the capital is in there, but I would also say yes to the question is we have to keep investing in that network. We talked about Cologne today but our big hubs in Germany and the UK, were investing in Turkey hubs as we speak, so yes there is continued capital requirements, but again thats all baked into the overall network and bringing the customers in that they choose the network. So were very, very comfortable with that. As far as density and line haul network question, the really different networks to be honest with you, the way we run the networks European wise versus U.S. is the different and the mix of the carriers and how we actually take those products across the single market in the UPS or Partnership or contractors is different, so you really cant compare the two networks from my perspective, but again I think the networks in Europe are performing across the business beautifully and theyll continue to do so.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes I guess one comment on Europe that clearly we cycled through this as the one year anniversary of us bidding good bye to the attempt to purchase TNT. During the period of negotiation and work with TNT, we clearly put some projects on hold, both strategic projects and opportunities and also capital expansion until we were sure how wed optimize new assets. So, we certainly are in a period right now of to some extent facing the next five years with an aggressive organic approach. And we are thrilled to make investments to grow our integrated ground network in Europe.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Keith Shoemaker of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Keith Shoemaker - Morningstar: Yes, a quick follow up on the capital investment. Given the growth in Europe and the mixed realized, do you anticipate making adjustments to the air fleet or is this what you needed for now?
Kurt Kuehn: No the air fleet is in great shape, as we said, David in the airline finished purchasing 767s last year and David, I think at least as far as the foreseeable future, we dont expect any major capital additions.
David Abney: No we dont have any plans to buy any aircraft in the next few years. We have of course been able to increase our load factor and the biggest focus is just on improving the quality of the revenue thats in our aircraft and with the fact that our expedited volume has grown, has given us a lot of flexibilities on how do we actually put that our aircraft, do we do something else with it or do we hold it for a day to more fully utilize the aircraft. So its giving us lot of flexibility.
Jim Barber: And this is Jim, I would add one comment to it parallel to the opening comments is the network in Europe as an intra-European fleet is in great shape as everybody is saying. The real -- the fun part of this right now given where we are is through the emerging markets is to adapt and connect it globally across world in a different way and the teams are working on that and as we go forward that would probably be likely where the adaptations come to the network to connect to the European network versus changing the core of it.
Operator: We have a question from the line of John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Just trying to keep track of the kind of investment that you were talking about in terms of being prepared for peak season and understanding that when you look at not in the next 10 years have been normal days in Thanksgiving and Christmas not the compressed period. Just trying to get a sense of what percentage of the investment is being made with capital dollars to address network, maybe deficiencies on a long-term basis versus what percentage may be, you're going to address using operating dollars, might be for temporary employees or something like that. How are you trying to balance that investment?
Kurt Kuehn: Ill start off and then David can fill you may be on the status of it. Weve really quoted a couple of numbers; one that were expanding our capital investments in general broadly to expand capacity in the U.S. and automate facilities. Those are long-term investments that stand regardless of the peak issue. The other is we are doing some things on the technology side, on the customer alignment side and on the flexible capacity side and thats really driving that 100 million expense headwind this year, thats more of a one-time issue. And Dave maybe you could expand a little.
David Abney: Certainly well, our peak planning committee has been focusing all this year made solid progress. And when it comes to capacity we are taking two approaches. The permanent capacity will help us throughout the years and Kurt referred to that a little bit but the North Bay Automation retrofit project is an example of that. Were also increasing the capacity of CACH, our Chicago Consolidated Hub and were also adding some trailer capability in Worldport, both from an unload and a load standpoint. But then the other thing were doing is temporary what we call mobile capacity, that we can move from peak to peak, from building to building. And its adding, were going to add nearly 10% car positions this year, its over 6,000 car positions. And in general we call mobile distribution units and these will be addressing specific temporary needs. But if those needs change next year, we'll just simply move that capability from year-to-year.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Mr. David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus: Real quickly on the ground side, U.S. domestic ground volumes ex-SmartPost, what do they grow year-over-year in the first quarter and how are they trending in April?
Scott Davis: They were up moderately and I think trends in April as we said once now that the weather has cleared continue very steadily, its why we feel pretty good on the U.S. economic outlook.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital: I just wanted to follow up on the mix conversation. Should we think about these mix trends as secular trends that will accelerate or do we expect some kind of normalization if only from easier comps. And just wondering if you can give us a sense of what yields might look like after you incorporate your base rate increases and then whats going on the mix side of things?
Scott Davis: Yes, there is a couple of big dimensions and Ill let Alan talk a little bit about it. That some of them are cyclical and some of them are long-term trends, certainly the continuing growth of B2C both in the U.S. and globally is something thats here to stay. But things like weight increasing or decreasing or near shoring versus far shoring are things that come and go a bit.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, let me add a point before Alan gets in. Its only the first quarter exaggerated though with the weather. And we hit commercial manufacturing harder than it hit obviously ecommerce, so what you saw in the first quarter was exaggerated.
Alan Gershenhorn: I think certainly the -- were going to continue to see strong residential growth and I think youll see it across all of our residential products whether its air, ground or SurePost as retailers are out there offering wide variety of services to their customers to meet the varying needs. Certainly these last few quarters, weve seen our commercial growth turned positive on the ground which is a good sign also. And I think that while there's certainly been a significant amount of down-trading in the marketplace, we believe that the express market will come back as the economy gets better and global trade increases.
Scott Davis: And were not uncomfortable with these trends. We still think for the last nine months of this year will generate 14% margins in the U.S. We did that really in 2012 in the first three quarters of 2013. So with our technologies, our network we could still generate good margins on B2C.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital: Is there any way you think about once you incorporate mix, so what yield may look like?
Scott Davis: Thats a bit speculative for right now and well move onto next question.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs: Thanks.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins - Stephens Inc.: Good morning guys. Thanks for the time. So I guess focusing on the international airfreight side of things for a moment, trends thus far in 2014 seem to indicate they were seeing some modest sustained improvement there for the first time in a couple of years. So I guess could you comment on what do you think is really driving that. Is it a better global economic picture? Do you think maybe its inventory restocking or is this something else and do you feel like these trends are sustainable for 2014 and may be beyond?
Jim Barber: I would say was all of what you just mentioned plus one and that is that, that our customers dont stay static with their supply chains and they move them and theyre trying to optimize their supply chains and theyre moving from small package at times to airfreight and airfreight to ocean and ocean to a domestic on another continent. So our job is to be ready for that and be one step or right in lock step with them, so that is -- and I think the other thing that you should keep in mind is that, thats kind of the power of the UPS offering is we dont run a pure freight network, its a hybrid and weve got a lot of options depending on how the customers choose to come to us. So there is a lot of factors going on and we just got to make sure were supportive of really the needs and the request of our customers.
Scott Davis: And I guess one of the nice things is, we did see and are seeing some rebound in exports out of Asia on the freight side, but Alan were also seeing quite a of strength south of the border, right?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes, so on the U.S. Mexico lane there, weve launched on the package side a standard ground service to and from Mexico which on a small base right now is experiencing very, very significant growth on a percentage basis, so were really excited about that. Weve got our cross border connect product on the freight side, thats also experiencing good growth. And I would just add to Jims comment that, the portfolio that were positioning with our customers is also I think allowing us to penetrate the airfreight market in a bigger way and I think youre going to see some broader gains in that area for us. And the other last thing I would just say is worldwide express freight we havent talked about today, thats been launched I guess a little bit over a year ago now in a big way and were experiencing very, very high growth in that area again on a small base right now, but very well resonating with our customers.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Ms. Helane Becker of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Co.: Thanks very much operator. Thanks for the time. You might have talked about this and I just missed it, but can you just talk about why the tax rate went up so much in the first quarter on a year on year basis?
Scott Davis: Yes, Helane we did guide this year that we would be seeing an increase in the tax rate. We retched it up in the middle of last year from the (34 or 35) [ph] that we had in January of last year first quarter and it is now at 36. So we have seen an increase and this is the last quarter at which well have this big of a gap, but it clearly was an increase that just has to do with the mix of profits around the world, our forwarding unit that struggled last year and some of those things impacted our marginal rate. So certainly there is no company more eager to see U.S. tax reform and some rebalancing of rates around the globe than us and we continue to make that a priority and are working with Washington to ensure that U.S. remains competitive.
Kurt Kuehn: Helane we did build the guidance in a 36%, so that was expected.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Co.: Right, well I figured you did that but I was just kind of wondering is 30.4% last year going into 6 I think this year, so, okay.
Kurt Kuehn: The 30.4, Im sorry Helane, that was distorted because of the nature of the TNT settlement, some of the payments were taxable some weren't, but the core rate for last year on the adjusted is 34.5.
Operator: Due to time constraints our last question will come from the line of Mr. Jeff Kauffman of Buckingham. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Thank you, and thank you for taking my question. Just wanted to touch base, the cash on the balance sheet's back over 7 billion. I know you mentioned it will cost you some money to exit these remaining pension liabilities. But could you talk a little bit about how much cash you think you need on the balance sheet, because this is almost double what it was at the bottom of the recession here, and just kind of longer-term thoughts on capital deployment.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, and as Scott said, we had just a huge free cash flow quarter, in Q1 capital expenditures were little low, clearly its hard to build buildings in the blizzards. So well ramp some of that up and use some of that cash for capital improvements Jeff, but we do expect to continue strong distributions, the company has no agenda to hoard cash. At the same time we like to have a strong balance sheet. So were going to continue with our basic targets of distributing near 100% of net income in the form of dividends and share repurchases and keep a little powder dry for M&A and other strategic initiatives.
Scott Davis: In Q1 Kurt, I think we distributed 140% net income, so Jeff it will be balance. Well continue the strong distributions, well continue to reinvest in the business.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Wilkinson. Please go ahead sir.
Scott Davis: Well let me just -- this is Scott, Ill do a quick recap. It was clearly the first quarter was a challenge, but again as we talked about the rest of 2014 looks quite promising. The economy though is still not robust, itll be better than what we saw last year, both here in the U.S. and globally. What I am excited about is the UPS were going to be hitting it on all cylinders as all three segments for business will show nice improvements in operating profit over the last nine months of this year. And frankly weve not seen all three segments improve at the same time since 2010. So look for good things ahead from UPS and thanks for being on the call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, it does conclude our conference call for today. On behalf of todays panel, Id like to thank you for your participation in todays conference call and thank you for using AT&T. Have a wonderful day, you may disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Treasurer and Investor Relations Officer Scott Davis - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer David Abney - Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President Kurt Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President Myron Gray - President, U.S. Operations Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Sales, Marketing and Strategy Officer Jim Barber - President of UPS International 
Analysts: Ben Hartford - Baird Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan Brandon Oglenski - Barclays David Vernon - Bernstein Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Christian Wetherbee - Citi Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Scott Group - Wolfe Research Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company Helane Becker - Cowen & Company David Ross - Stifel Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Cleo Zagrean - Macquarie Capital Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise, and after the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note, we will only take one question from each participant to accommodate more analysts during the call. Thank you for your cooperation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to our host, Mr. Andy Dolny, UPS Treasurer and Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning and welcome to UPS fourth quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Scott Davis, our CEO, and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO. Along with Chief Operating Officer, David Abney, International President, Jim Barber, President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray and UPS Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we will make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the Company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2012 Form 10-K and 2013 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although there were no adjustments to fourth quarter 2013 results, there was a mark-to-market pension adjustment that reduced fourth quarter 2012 diluted earnings per share by $3.15. As a result, in our remarks today all quarterly and full year comments and comparisons will refer to adjusted results. In addition, we will discuss UPS' free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The webcast of today's call along with the reconciliation of free cash flow and adjusted results are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Finally, please ask only one question so that we may allow as many as possible to participate on today's call. Thanks for your cooperation. Now, I will turn it over to Scott.
Scott Davis: Thanks and good morning. I would like to start my comments today by saying UPS fourth quarter results fell far short of our expectations. However, I do want to reinforce that the core business strategies of UPS remain sound and appropriate for the future. Given the compressed calendar between Thanksgiving and Christmas, UPS knew this holiday season will be one of the most challenging ever. Shipments produced by e-commerce significantly exceeded even our most optimistic forecasts as more and more Americans shopped online. In addition, we experienced a much later peak day than expected as purchasing decisions by consumers shifted closer to Christmas. The surge in volume and inclement weather strained our network causing delays. We took extraordinary measures and deployed additional people and equipment, placing a greater emphasis on service and cost, yet we did not meet the service standards the UPS historically does at Christmas. Moving forward, UPS will make the necessary investments and operational improvements to ensure we effectively manage peak demand in the future. Looking at U.S. Domestic fourth quarter results, clearly, we are not satisfied. At UPS, we conduct a thorough review of peak performance following Christmas, and this year I can assure you we would identify a number of areas to improve and in a moment David Abney will take you through them. Turning to the International segment, UPS experienced operating margin expansion on strong growth in export volume. In Supply Chain and Freight, challenges in forwarding negatively impacted results. Reflecting back on 2013, let's start on the economic front. U.S. business activity was constrained by political uncertainty in Washington. Now, on a positive note, Europe began to emerge from recession. Also, cross border trade improved in 2012, express shipments out of Asia remains sluggish. Looking specifically at our business, two themes were prevalent in the marketplace. First, e-commerce continues to evolve at a rapid pace, not only here in the United States, but around the world. Second, customers put greater emphasis on cost rather than time in transit. UPS has and will continue to adapt our business model and service portfolio to meet their needs. Throughout the first three quarters, UPS adjusted to these market dynamics. We managed our network efficiently, produced an operating profit growth and margin expansion. Clearly, in the fourth quarter, we did not anticipate the magnitude of volume growth and results suffered. Looking at 2014, economists around the world are forecasting a slightly brighter outlook. In the U.S., projections call for a stronger GDP, up 2.7%. While in the Eurozone, GDP is expected to grow 1.2% off a relatively flat growth year in 2013. The outlook for Asia calls for continued solid growth with China standing in line with last year about 7.5%. More importantly, global exports are projected to slightly outpace global GDP. Another prospect for economic development is the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement passed just last month. To expedite the movement of goods globally by decreasing red tape and promoting more efficient supply chains. While areas remain where additional progress is necessary, this agreement is proof that debate and compromise can produce tangible results. History has shown that economic development benefits from free trade and more should be done to encourage it. As I stated at the opening, I am confident in our core business strategies. In the area of operations technology, UPS is ramping up hub modernization efforts. We are seeing the benefits from telematics and route optimization and as a resulted the company is expediting the rollout of Orion. These investments will help UPS become more efficient and responsive to customer needs. In addition we are accelerating how UPS data can be used to improve our application of analytics across the network. These models not only of application within our operations but also across our entire business. Serving end consumers around the world, B2C is a critical part of both our heritage and our future and by far the most rapidly changing. We have lead the industry with innovations such as UPS my choice, UPS Access Points and Omnichannel solutions. While we have accomplished a lot, there is still much more to do. Regarding industry specific solutions, we have enhanced our healthcare capabilities such as the introduction of UPS Temperature True Saver and UPS Proactive Response. In addition, we will add to our already 6.4 million square feet of healthcare distribution space with several openings planned worldwide in 2014. In the emerging markets, in order to focus on the potential of India, the Middle East and Africa, we structurally separated those markets from Europe in 2013 and established a dedicated team to focus on growth. Expect to see increased investment by UPS in the next year. Before turn it over to David, I would like to thank UPS-ers around the world for their exceptional efforts under some fairly difficult peak season conditions. The lessons learned from peak will enable UPS to improve the customer experience, network efficiency and capacity management. We recognize and hold in highest regard the vital role we play in linking 1.1 million shippers to their 8 million customers every day. Now I will turn it over to David.
David Abney: Thanks. As Scott mentioned, UPS has been working around the clock to determine how to improve peak operations and service performance, ensuring we do not have a repeat of 2013. I am leading a team of senior UPS executives with deep experience in all areas of the business. We have identified areas for improvement and will make the necessary adjustments to our operating plans. This is the first step in an ongoing process. Let me begin by providing insight into the major issues that impacted our operations which can be categorized into three main areas. First, e-commerce shipments far exceed peak projections starting with a strong cyber week. Typically volume slows the following week but this year it continued to rise. In fact on eight days during December U.S. delivery volume exceeded our previous company high which was set in 2012. Additionally delivery volume per day during peak was up more than 14% a growth rate almost twice what we planned. Second, last-minute promotions by online retailers drove extraordinary volume growth leading up to Christmas. This helped create the latest peak day ever for UPS, six days after it was expected. Another indication of the growing acceptance of e-commerce, there were more than 70 online retailers promoting guaranteed next-day delivery on purchases made as late as 11 PM on December 23rd. Finally, weather events throughout the country, especially in the Southwest further contributed to network disruptions. Operations in Texas and Oklahoma were shut down for three-and-a-half days following the ice storms there. Stranded volume became a priority and UPS responded, deploying over 1,000 team members to the area. Ultimately, we had our planned that was based on a very optimistic level of e-commerce shipment growth, but actual results came in significantly higher. When the network is stressed to those levels it becomes vulnerable, add to the wave of last-minute online orders, along with significant weather disruptions and processes starting to break down and errors occur. Unfortunately, that's exactly what happened. Now, let me share how we would prevent this from happening again. We have identified four key areas that UPS must address before peak season next year. First, UPS volume forecasting methods were challenged. The paradigms for planning no longer apply due to the rapidly evolving marketplace. The first step, we will begin with increased collaboration with high impact customers to further develop predictive models that incorporate changing consumer behavior and sales promotions. With a better understanding of the impact, these customers we have on our network, UPS will be prepared to make the necessary adjustments. That brings me to the second issue we need to address. UPS network capacity. We are in the process of identifying ways to enhance the throughput of our network. We will make appropriate investments such as facility expansions, process automation, job simplification and the acceleration of the technology implementations. For example, we plan to expedite the progress of updating our legacy buildings with automation to streamline the thought process. This multiyear undertaking will pay dividends for years to come. In addition, to improve the efficiency of our delivery network, we are expediting the rollout of ORION. This technology has improved UPS routing efficiency. As a result, we are accelerating the rollout and we plan to have 45% of the driver rout using the technology by the end of 2014. To do this, we are adding approximately 200 additional dedicated resources to the ORION team, bringing the team headcount to almost 700. One final element of capacity management is to better manage the impacts certain customers have on our network during peak. The goal is to ensure we can meet both, customer expectations and our financial objectives. A third area for improvement is timely and accurate visibility of shipments. As more customers work with UPS to optimize their supply chains, a growing number of trailers were dropped at our facilities with limited visibility to their contents. We will collaborate with customers to obtain package visibility on all trailers before arrival. This will improve UPS tracking and exception reporting and is critical to provide accurate visibility to our customers. Lastly, improved communication with our shippers and receivers is needed. UPS must enhance our processes and standards necessary to ensure timely and accurate communication, especially during periods of peak demand and network disruptions. Along with improve visibility for our customers, new package exception codes will be rolled out to improve tracking messages ultimately providing more clarity on shipment progress. In addition proactive notifications will make it possible for our customers to adjust their plans. So clearly our entire team is intensely focused on using the learnings from this peak season to ensure we are prepared for 2014. We have recognize that the UPS brand is a valuable asset to be protected. The steps I just mentioned will allow UPS to build upon our reputation for reliability and service quality. Now Kurt will take you through the details of the quarter and guidance for 2014.
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, David. As already noted, fourth quarter results fell short of UPS expectations. For the first time in years, UPS did not achieve the typical benefits that we have seen from operational efficiency. As evidenced, compensation and benefit expense increased 7.5% on a daily package volume growth of 6%. Also additional costs were incurred to react to the unprecedented level of volume growth as we attempted to meet service commitments. Now I want to review the business segment results for the quarter. In the U.S. domestic, the challenges that David reviewed were detrimental to the segment's financial results. Operating profit declined $178 million and margin contracted to 12.9%. The U.S. incurred unplanned expense this quarter to handle the volume surge. This included hiring and training costs, overtime hours and additional weekend operations. Thousands of extra ad hoc trailer moves drove purchase transportation costs up. In addition with 85,000 seasonal employees, UPS productivity declined driving of 6.2% increase in direct labor hours. Clearly, we didn't operate as smoothly as we normally do. The estimated impact of the peak season efforts increased operating costs by $125 million to $150 million. Also revenue was lowered by approximately $50 million in service refunds for missed delivery commitments. UPS did experience strong daily volume growth of 5.6% led by our deferred and ground products. Revenue per piece declined 1.3% as base rate improvements were more than offset by lower fuel surcharges, a 34% growth in UPS SurePost and the service refunds that we mentioned. During the period, the benefits of our route optimization efforts, though, were obvious as miles driven increased a little more than 2% compared to the daily volume growth of 5.6%. Looking now at international results. The segment demonstrated continued momentum during the quarter with revenue gains of 5.3% driven by 8.8% package volume growth. Operating profits rose 7.6% to $537 million and operating margin expanded 30 basis points to $15.9 million. Operating profit growth would have been up over 12% when excluding negative currency comparisons. Export daily volume jumped 9.5%, the largest year-over-year gain we have seen in some time. UPS experienced robust demand in Europe, driven by e-commerce, capitalizing on the capabilities of our recently expanded hub in Cologne. In addition, transborder daily volume increased over 18% during peak. Non-U.S. domestic volume increased 8.2% with Poland, Italy and Canada leading the way. Now turning the supply chain and freight. Total segment revenue declined by 5.8% directly related to our freight forwarding business unit. Operating profit was flat overall at $171 million as improvements in distribution were offset by declines in forwarding and UPS freight. Operating margin overall expanded 30 basis points to 7.4%. UPS freight forwarding revenue declined as international air freight experienced decreases in both tonnage and revenue per case. On a positive note, our brokerage in ocean and forwarding groups both demonstrated good growth and improved profitability. In distribution, mid-single-digit revenue growth resulted from improvements in healthcare, retail and UPS mail services. Operating margin expanded slightly as the business unit continues to absorb cost for technology and healthcare facility expansions.  UPS Freight, LTL revenue increased 2.3% as a result of increased LTL tonnage and pricing improvements. Revenue per hundredweight increased by 1.6% this quarter as pricing remained stable. Now, for an update on our cash flow for the year. UPS generated $5.3 billion in free cash flow during 2013, converting over 120% of net income to cash. This was after making capital expenditures of approximately $2.1 billion. Also during the year, the company distributed over $6 billion to shareowners, including dividends of $2.3 billion and share repurchases of approximately $3.8 billion. Looking now at 2014, UPS expects to make share repurchases of $2.7 billion. This will result in over 2% net reduction in outstanding shares and reflects the company's long-term philosophy of returns to shareowners. Capital expenditures are expected increase to $2.5 billion. Our allocation of investments will be meaningfully different this year, with much less devoted aircraft. This will be offset though by additions to vehicles and operating technology as well as over $500 million of increased investments in capacity expansion and hub modernization. The combination of a slightly improved economic environment and our execution of UPS core business strategies gives us confidence in our 2014 guidance of earnings per share growth of 11% to 16%. We expect the tax rate of 36% in 2014, higher than reported in the first half of last year. Regarding guidance for the segments, U.S. Domestic average daily volume is expected to grow between 3% and 4%, moderately above 2014 GDP estimates. Revenue should improve at a slightly faster pace than volume. Increases in base rate rises will remain steady between 2% and 3%. However, they will continue to be masked by customer preference for non-premium products, including continued growth in UPS SurePost. Operating margin is expected to be around 14%. Due to higher discount rates, total pension expense will be reduced by approximately $180 million. The majority of this will be reflected in the domestic segment. However, the savings for this segment will be offset by higher healthcare costs. In addition, implementing the network improvements that David described will increase cost by well over $100 million, while providing payback for years to come. We expect the positive momentum in the International segment to continue in 2014, with export average daily volume growth between 4% and 6%. Revenue is expected to improve at a slightly slower pace than volume as non-premium export products continue to outpace premium. Operating profit is forecast to grow between 12% and 14%. For the Supply Chain and Freight segment, UPS expects mid single-digit annual revenue growth. Operating profits are expected to grow at a low-teen rate with margin expanding to approximately 8%. In the first quarter though, revenue and profit growth will be relatively flat to last year, due to the challenges in our international airfreight. As we look at the first quarter overall, earnings per share growth will be slightly below 10%, due to the higher tax rate and the continued headwind and supply chain and freight. In summary, the outlook for 2014 at UPS is positive as improving global economic conditions and the explosive growth of e-commerce provide optimism at UPS. We are going to take the challenges that we faced in the fourth quarter to serve as a springboard to improve our service levels and our productivity going forward. As a result, UPS expects earnings per share to grow within a range of $5.05 to $5.30. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Ben Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford - Baird: Scott, I wonder if you can just continue down the path on guidance. Obviously when results were previewed earlier this month, you were looking for 10% to 15% earnings growth. I acknowledge it was a preliminary number. Now the range has taken up slightly, but the buyback is being reduced. You are making infrastructure related investments, which I think are appropriate, but when we do think about, it looks like the core assumption is greater than expected. Can you talk about some of the drivers there? It sounds like the cadence is for accelerating improvement through the year, but you can talk about the decision to take the full year guidance up, even with the buyback that is coming down slightly for 2014?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, as we dug through took a little closer look at the momentum of the business units, sharpened our focus on the investments we were going to make and took a hard look at that, it looks like a very competent range that we have got. I will make one comment, though, and that is that the buyback is in line with what we been communicating. Clearly 2013 was a catch-up year because we had the held back in 2012 on repurchases but that 2.7% gets us right in the line with the $8 billion or so that we had committed to three years ago. So at least for the numbers we have provided and I think the communication that buyback is right in line.
Scott Davis: Ben, I would add also that, the thing we feel good about, 2014, is we see strength in all three segments. It has really been since 2010 that we saw balanced growth at all three segments. We have had some weakness in cross border trade in 2011 and 2012. We see that improving in '14. Supply Chain & Freight is going to show good growth in domestic. It has performed quite well for the last several years, with the exception of fourth quarter '13.
Ben Hartford - Baird: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Good morning. So I understand, obviously it's a little bit disappointing in terms of just that there is some of the operational issues but it is the high cost problem to have that much volume coming in and I suppose you could say, maybe there is a silver lining in terms of highlighting the customers that there are constraints on the network and perhaps the value of your network. So I guess what I want to ask you is, do you think this provides an opportunity to guys get more value from the customers in terms of pricing? And if so, what type of timeframe would it take to see that come in?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, Tom, I think David did a pretty good job of walk through how we are going to approach next peak, but clearly as a team we are going to evaluate many options to make sure we don't ever repeat the 2013 peak. Now I would say it is safe to say that we are going to evaluate every alternative out there. We haven't made all the final decisions as of this point in time that we know we need to manage the impact customers have on us during the peak. But the overall objective for us, we have to meet customer expectations and we have to meet our financial objectives. So over the next few months we will make more decisions in this area.
Scott Davis: And clearly, Tom, the top priority is adding capacity and investing in this growth business. So we are happy to do that.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: And is there any impact on the pricing dynamic? I am really to ask about pricing and whether it is in your positive effect on pricing from what happened?
Scott Davis: Well, that is something we are evaluate as we are really early on this process. David is leading this committee to evaluate next peak. Every thing is on the table and that will be one of the things that will be on the table to look at.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays: Hi, good morning, everyone. I want to talk about what was that, seems to be a pretty good outcome in your international segment and if I look at your guidance, I actually think you are guiding to up the margins for international. So can you talk about how the mix has changed on the export front and within the continent in Europe and what you are doing to drive those better profit outcomes or at least expectations for better profit outcomes in 2014?
David Abney: Yes, clearly as we have been saying over the last couple quarters, we are improving momentum. Each quarter has gotten stronger and stronger. As we get past the currency headwinds we are looking for great things to come out of the international segment. So I will have Jim Barber fill you a little more on Europe and what's going on there.
Jim Barber: Okay. So, Brandon, I think the core underlying response has to be that that network in Europe for us continues to perform very, very nicely. You heard in some of the opening comments, the expansion of Cologne. We could see the benefits of that through peak season. We have also continued to enhance the ground network and quite frankly put some new solutions in the market for some of our global customers that are really driving the growth today. That's a lot of what underpins some of the growth you see today and then we will valuate going forward what's next. But effectively, that network in Europe continues to mature and pay long-term benefits for all investment over the years. So we absolutely see that continuing and you can see in some of the countries where the investments we make some two, three years ago continue to pay off today. So we are very bullish on that.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon - Bernstein: Good morning, guys. Kurt, when you mentioned the guidance for domestic, you talked about $100 million of extra cost. I am assuming that's OpEx. Could you talk a little bit about the nature of that and whether that's going to be kind of a one-time addition for the year as you are rolling out ORION, and it may come back a little bit or if it's going to be just an added level of spend within the operation to keep the network little more resilient.
Kurt Kuehn: Certainly the lion share in 2014 will be operating expense that's involved in the rapid expansion and one-time costs, so we don't see this as a major structural cost addition, but clearly there are some things we are going to do teeing up the teams, having 700 people deploying ORION and other things are going to accelerate both, cost but should provide great benefits in the years to come. Maybe I could have Myron talk a little bit about ORION and why we are doubling our bets on the pace of rollout on that.
Myron Gray: Good morning, David. As you heard David Abney alluded to earlier, we actually saw a great benefit from ORION at peak season. While ORION grew almost 6%, our miles driven were down to 2%, so we are going to ramp up our ORION team and move the total number of drivers deployed from just over 10% to up to 45% for this year. Along with that, David also alluded to the hub modernization project, which actually kicks off this coming Friday in North California, so we are looking forward to this investment yielding dividends for years to come.
David Vernon - Bernstein: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. Scott, I guess, I want to come back to Tom's question on the pricing. I guess, when you talk before about better managing certain customer impact on the network, just given that you have kind of kept stressing the financial objectives, if we are going to see e-commerce continue to push that peak season later and later and obviously December 23rd, it sounds like that's about as latest you can physically get with your physical network. It is the [answer] have to be that you raise pricing incrementally until that peak day to alter customer behavior to move it earlier in this season or is there something else you can do. I guess, I just want to understand, does it have to be price or are there other things you can do to handle that level of an increase the last minute.
Scott Davis: Clearly, Ken, it doesn't have to be price, so we are going to look at all the alternatives. Obviously, we are trying to move shipments forward doing earlier pickups. It is something that will help us. We as you would expect spend a lot time with customers, and since the peak season working with them. The Omnichannel is becoming more prevalent every day. I work of several brick-and-mortar people who were evaluated next year perhaps that are having their big sale the 23rd on the website. People will do it in the store that will allow people to go in the store and pick it up, so in other words you get 50% off in store 40% off on the website. There is a variety of alternatives out there that could change it. We know that there is still going to be an issue. I mean, every year there is going to be e-commerce is bigger at Christmas, so we have got to adapt our systems, so I think it's all the above. Alan, you may want to add some?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. I would just say that there is tremendous amount of planning that goes on between us and certainly our largest customers, but we are going to need to take that to a whole new level to ensure that we are keeping our promises and they are able to keep theirs, so I think [heard] from David earlier and what our customers are looking for right now is commitment and insurance that we will take the necessary actions to make sure this won't happen again and that's really where our focus is right now and you heard some of the things that David was talking about in terms of capacity management, visibility and investing in the business to make sure that we are going to handle the business. Again, part of that is better communication with our customers, so that we are very well aligned in terms of being able to make the service that their customers expect.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Kurt, can I ask you for a little bit more color on how to think about the impacts in the fourth quarter from each one of these items, so when we think about the challenges from the peak and the resources you had to deploy last-minute and the weather, if you try to tease it out, what do you think the right level of earnings would have been. Would it have been the original guidance, or is the mix you are sort of going to repeat? Because, I am not sure how to think about what core earnings - like things got better, but maybe the cost have to repeat in ways in the fourth quarter that we need to keep in mind as we model going forward. So any color around kind of how to think about those buckets would be helpful.
Kurt Kuehn: Bill, certainly, it's something we have looked at very closely and you know we did have a significant amount of excess cost somewhere between $125 million and $150 million. Plus, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, about another $50 million of service refunds that lowered revenue. So we certainly would have been within our guidance without those conditions. When the network gets stressed and there is that much of an increase after years of fairly modest growth, clearly some weak areas showed up and that did snowball for us. So clearly, the fourth quarter was a tough one for us. If you look at the October, November, October was pretty much on target. We did see November a little below our plans but I think that that's primarily the issue of the later Thanksgiving and the fact that the holidays started later. In fact, if you recall I even mentioned in our last quarterly call about both the risks and the opportunities of a compressed peak season and for better or worse we ended up seeing opportunity with tremendous compression of demand but the risk of operations, especially with some of the incredible ice storms in the Southwest that was really the worst area for us. So we are putting this one in the history books. I think you heard David give a sense of our absolute determination to learn from this and to create flexibility and capacity. We are substantially increasing our investments in our facility modifications. Myron mentioned hub modernization. That's something we are very excited about. The technology has come long ways and we can, we think, very effectively retrofit a number of our buildings. In fact, maybe I could have David talk just a little bit about the technology and why we are feeling like this is a great time to invest in it.
David Abney: Yes. This technology is something we have been utilizing. The difference now is that the capacity, so the speed of the technology and the footprint is such that it will now fit into our existing footprint. So real excited about that. Myron mentioned the first one in North Bay in California but there will be others that will be progressing right behind that one. But you know, there's other things we are doing to increase capacity too. We are automating more of the small sorts and increasing input capacity in some of our main transit hubs and we are doing facility expansions on some that we already have the books. We are just speeding up and a lot of job simplification where we can do next generation small shorthauls where it takes some of the intellectual capital out and it allows us to make changes more as this peak when we had some of those most fluctuations and changes we had to make.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Christian Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Christian Wetherbee - Citi: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just on the back of the last question, just trying to think about the core operating of the business or co-operations and profitability of the business. Post what we saw in the fourth quarter of last year, does the dynamic of profitability would indeed see some sort of change at all when you think about what ultimately the volume potential of this segment of your business could be? Does that skew things, either more positively or negatively when you look at it? It would seem, based on the guidance, where all the puts and takes that maybe there is an assumption of slightly less profitability in B2C but just want to make sure I understand.
Scott Davis: Yes, I think generally we feel good about the direction of B2C. You have seen the progress UPS has made over the last two or three years in improving the margins in the B2C business. We are going to use this technology to help create density in the area of B2C. So I think this is an outlier for what you saw in December of this year. Again we have been through over 100 successful peaks and this is an outlier. You will not see another one of these hopefully for the next 100 years at UPS. We have a lot of intensity there. But I feel good about the direction of B2C and what we are doing with technology to improve the profitability there.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, and certainly its not only about B2C. We are investing and creating a wide array of capabilities for healthcare, for technology, you name it and a lot of the investments we have made create flexible network are paying dividends there. So as always, we have got a great array of different customers and the B2C clearly was a challenge in December but we feel pretty good going forward that the mix of business will be profitable.
Christian Wetherbee - Citi: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, guys. I am just trying to walk through the cadence of how things have transpired over the last couple of quarters and now making sense at where we are, so I mean back half of last year was clearly a story of profitability being masked by pension and currency. It sounded like when you were giving your guidance that healthcare slipped in there as a problem. I know that you guys took steps to kind of mitigate some of that increased inflation that you were expecting in the back half of last year, so I would be curious how that's playing in. Obviously this difficult peak also played in, so I guess I am trying to get a sense of what you think underlying growth looks like for '14 when you strip some of that stuff out. Are you just being conservative in terms of the underlying growth of the overall business? Because it puts you well below kind of run rate when I do all those puts and takes. Then when I think about the decisions that you made last peak and how those inform earnings growth this year, so it feels like to have another year where you choose servicing the customer over profitability in terms of capping volumes to make sure that as shareholders get the growth that they need as well, so I am just trying to understand. I mean, maybe '15 or you guys are good at what you do, you are able to translate that into very profitable growth and I think that's what a few of the questions before were trying to get at, but it doesn't sound like you are confident in that for '14, so I know there is a lot of there. I am just trying to get a better sense of how you feel about the cadence of the next kind of 24 months here.
Scott Davis: Great. You have given me a wide array of choices to pick which question I am going to answer, Justin. I think, we are seeing '14 as a year in which we are going to absolutely address the issues that popped up in the fourth quarter, so that is job one. There is no question. We are going to spend extra money operationally. We are going to accelerate investments and we are little cautious about exactly how the next peak turns out. It is another compressed holiday season although we get one extra day. On the other hand, we are not in any way anticipating or forecasting in a major problem, so is the balance right now more on reinvestment and refinement of the network? Absolutely. Hopefully, all of this will come together and we will have great results going forward, but we are happy to reinvest right now and accelerate some things that have been on the drawing board. As a result, yes, 2014 is a little muted in the domestic side anyway compared to where it might have been, but will be a passing phase.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. As that reflect back on the 2012 or 2013, frankly that the primary headwind excluding pension expense and currency was international air freight. We had some challenges, cross-border trade grew less than GDP last year, little bit better in 2013. Forwarding side, international freight forwarding was weak due to too much capacity. We try to see those things level out in '14, so I feel pretty good. As I said earlier I feel good about the balance. That we see a good domestic, we see good international package and we see good supply chain and freight performance in 2014. 11% to 16%, again, is back up in our long-term target area where it should be the margins of kind of what we told you a couple years ago in our long-term targets, but we have room for improvement. Unfortunately, we can't keep all the pension benefit this year because of healthcare cost.
David Abney: Just one thing I want to react to, Justin, and this is David Abney, but I don't want to speak from the cross functional theme and we are still early in the process, where we have made a lot of progress in identifying all of the contributing factors and we are also are much further along than I thought in putting the answers together, what we need to do to ensure the 2014 is not going to be a repeat of 2013, so I thought I heard just a little indecision that in your voice about how we would do for 2014. We believe, we don't believe. We are very confident that we have a plan put in place that's going to take care of the volume on 2014. We are not hoping that maybe it comes indifferent, but it's not only about capacity it's about increasing our forecasting methods with our customers. It's about improving visibility and it's about the communications back and forth with our customers, so the overall plan and as Kurt said earlier, there will be some operating costs into this year but it's going to pay dividends in years to come and when you increase the funnel, you increase the capacity then that takes care of a lot of challenges that could come in the future.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: All right. Thanks a lot. I appreciate the answers, Kurt.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys. So I wanted to ask about the buyback expectations. I know it's in line with what you guys have been talking about and it looks like you are using about 100% of the free cash flow for buyback and dividend but I guess I am just wondering why you don't feel comfortable being more aggressive in sort of ease into that $6 billion plus of cash. I guess, there is something you are saving that for? So Scott, are you any more and less hopeful about finding a better place for that cash this year?
Scott Davis: So Scott, I do think that we have been consistent with our distribution policy and again we are going to have big shareholder distribution in 2014, as you said over 100% of net income, is the plan. But we still do see opportunities to reinvest in the business. As I talked about earlier, there's lot of opportunities for us in the healthcare arena, in emerging markets as we go forward, in the B2C area. So I think there will be a mixture of acquisitions as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen, and I hope you survive in the deep freeze of Atlanta.
Scott Davis: I have, as a matter of fact, a story to tell you. I slept in the floor of a hotel lobby the night before last. Pretty glamorous being a CEO.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Kurt, I think as you talk about some of your network enhancements for this year to deal with the growth of e-commerce, it sounds like a lot of infrastructure enhancements. So I think you indicated you guys weren't really going to invest in your aircraft fleet. So does that mean, as we get into the peak season, you will continue and maybe rely more on outsourced providers of aircraft during the holiday season? Am I thinking about that right?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, it will be a slight increase but we did take a number of 767s this year completing our multiyear purchase. So we are in great shape as far as air capacity. We always have to rely on third-party to top off the excess demand during peak. So that won't be dramatically different, but no, we are in great shape. We have got, by far, the youngest fleet in the industry. We will, at least for the immediate, the next several years, don't anticipate needs for any aircraft purchases. So that's part of why we are in such good shape cash wise and are happy to now begin to reinvest in some of this hub modernization and automation.
Scott Davis: And they are all saying, you don't build a church for Easter. It's a little bit way it is for airplanes for December 23. You really can't buy an airplane just for one day. We will manageable this properly. We lease aircraft where necessary and we will make sure we have proper capacity.
David Abney: With those eight additional 767s, the number of leased aircraft was not a primary factor at WorldPort. It was much more about unload doors for trailers that were coming in and that is something that we can certainly correct.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks for your time this morning. Scott, I hope you get to sleep again in bed tonight.
Scott Davis: You got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Good morning, everyone. Hi, Scott, by the way, we really appreciate the dedication. I am pretty sure of their value by sleeping on the floor so that's got to drop right through the bottomline.
Scott Davis: I think it was a good deal. Yes.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: We are spending a lot of time, obviously talking about the domestic challenges and a little bit of time in terms of a lot of the opportunities in Europe. Obviously, some of that network adjustments seem to keep going on in terms of Asia to U.S. Could you guys feel that you are well balanced there and as we get maybe a little bit of a slowdown in the emerging markets that everybody is worried about recently? Does that impact your vision on global trade and how you allocate your resources or where the growth comes from?
Scott Davis: Jim why don't you go ahead and talk a little bit about the areas outside of Europe.
Jim Barber: Sure, so I guess, and the last question we talked about the network and this question, they are very linked responses. First of all, we like our assets that are out there but when you get back to some of the opening comments about Bali, what's going on now and where these trade agreements are going to us, one of obligation, just to be able to take a look at these networks. I am really specifically talking about Asia now in the Americas. To align those to where the puck is going, so it doesn't necessarily mean new asset, but it might mean redeploying them in different ways based upon what the consumers are telling us and our customers from across the globe, so we are in the middle of that piece of work right now. We are very happy with our networks and the way they are performing. You can see that in some of the results, but we also think we have to keep one step ahead based on where these trade agreements are going and some of the decision these countries will make in the next couple years. I think that the fact that as you look at 2014, solid growth is projected for the developing world, developed world I should say, so the United States and Europe, and I think that also bodes well for UPS. Looking at almost 8% to 10% increase is consensus for the U.S. this year and the global economy the same, so I think as you get into more stable I just wouldn't call it robust economy, but a more stable economy. See in Europe and U.S. strengthens is going to help us a lot. (Inaudible), so we are going to continue to invest in emerging markets, big part of our future, but for the short to medium-term developed world going - good for us.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Company: Thanks very much. Hi, guys. Thank you very much for the time. Most of my questions have been answered more than once, so thank you very much. I just had one thing I wanted to understand. When you talk about having to hire people kind of at the last instance, I am not sure I understand the timing of that. When do you bring on those additional people to handle the extra volume. I mean, I sort of think that those 1,000 or so people you move to the Southwest, coming from other parts of the company, but as you got closer to the peak, how do you really get those people from or how does that work, so could you just explain that one for me?
Scott Davis: Certainly, hiring that number of people in the span of a month-and-a-half or so is a big challenge, especially when we have to react late, but Myron can talk a little bit about the joys and challenges of bringing on such a large workforce.
Myron Gray: Helane, it's like a delicate ballet. We are constantly assessing where the volume is and bringing all resources to meet those challenges. As has been talked about many times, we actually added 30,000 people above where we planned. Let me also allude to the fact that we believe that our operating strategy is sound, and remind you that through the first three quarters of last year, we were able to balance average daily volume with ours and have the appropriate spread, so we are bringing on these people as needed and it's a challenge because you had a 16% increase in our peak day over last year, but we believe that those are good peak season jobs. We got all the required people in place on time, but were [by] a significant storm that we saw, not only in the Southwest, but the Midwest and Northeast, so I think we are in good shape.
Kurt Kuehn: Helane, on the economic impact of that, there is a point of diminishing returns and trying to bring that many people on and have them be productive quickly clearly was one of the drags in the quarter, especially when we had to get so much more because of the volume increase, but those are great jobs. Many of us started as the company as Christmas hires myself included.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Company: Me too. Although I am not with you anymore I could do that in college.
Kurt Kuehn: Great. Hopefully, we worked too hard.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Company: Yes. I would say so.
Kurt Kuehn: Okay.
Helane Becker - Cowen & Company: Thank you.
Kurt Kuehn: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Ross with Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross - Stifel: Yes. Good morning, gentlemen. Why don't you just a little bit rising healthcare costs. You mentioned, they are going to eat up most of the pension benefit expected for 2014. I wanted to see if that $100 million rough increase in healthcare cost is expected every year through the new union labor agreement or if it's one-time for some reason. It can't be all due to any back problems comes with sitting on the floor.
Scott Davis: That's not work-related any way. No. The biggest impact is and we have talked about this than in prior calls that certainly the rollout of some of the additional parts of the Affordable Care Act is adding over $100 million for us, so that's the biggest one-time issue. Of course, healthcare inflation is an issue that is certainly a concern for many of us. So that's been an area also that's been discussed and are in our discussions with our employees but the biggest impact is some one-time additional expenses with the added cost per head and some of those things that's driving up costs for a employee intensive company like UPS.
Scott Davis: In this year, we saw more, in 2014 more of it, because of things like the reinsurance fee per employee that you didn't see last year. So I think it is going to be quite as dramatic as you move forward.
David Ross - Stifel: Okay, so one time step up in cost but not just one time cost that is going to go away next year.
Scott Davis: One time step up in cost. Right.
David Ross - Stifel: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Thomas Kim of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to ask you with regard to your net exposure to foreign currencies and if you could share a little bit about the UPS sensitivity to a potential 10% change in some of those currencies? Thanks.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we are actually pretty well hedged for 2014. So for the major currencies of the Euro, the Pound, the Canadian Dollar, we have got spreads in place pretty well with the floor not to far off where the markets are today and some upward potential. So that is a different story than last year. One area that presents some challenges though is some of these emerging market currencies are showing quite a bit of volatility. So that is a little bit of a risk to us but it is likely to be offset by the benefit in the developed markets that we are seeing.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to clarify what's implied in guidance specific to the U.S. domestic, you mentioned $125 million to $150 million added cost that is a weather, incremental hires, seasonal hires mix and the $50 million of service refunds and then I think you just answered, the $100 million is above that. So is what's implied in your guidance that you are going to have about the same seasonal staffing next year and just if we can hone in a little bit more on that, please? Thanks.
Scott Davis: No, we do not expect to have to hire that many people. I mean a part of that was the catch-up and the challenges of some of the unexpected volume. Looking at the peak for next year, there is one additional day in the period. Christmas as a day later. So the volume that builds up over the weekend in the late surge will be a little smoother. So, hopefully we do hire a lot of employees because of good robust demand but as I said, there is a point of reduced benefit as some of the stresses hit the network that caused us to hire more people than was optimal. So we would expect to have less hiring this year unless there is just incredible growth beyond the current expectations.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks. And that increases predominantly, Orion, the $100 million?
Scott Davis: For the added cost for this year, you would see acceleration of Orion. It is some of the operating changes as we are automating buildings. It is a number of things. IT expense will also be involved as we make some investments especially collaborating with customers to get detailed package information even on trailers that haven't reached UPS yet. So it's a laundry list of things that we will be working on to enhance our capabilities and ultimately make us more productive and streamlined.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse: Thanks for taking my question. Based on the acceleration of the Orion rollout, is it fair to assume that you can complete the full implementation to all of the U.S. drivers by the end of 2015? And I was wondering if you could give us some broad parameters for how to think about the cost savings, once the initiative is fully rolled out? For example, you said, each driver was able to drive one less mile per day per year, what would that mean for annual cost savings? Just trying to get some broad strokes on that.
David Abney: Yes, the time line, and there will still be several more years that we will be ramping well through 2016 for the full rollout of Orion. It is a major undertaking. In general, as a ballpark number, saving a mile per day per driver generates about $50 million of reduced operating expense for the company. And as we get a little farther along then we will fill you in more on the very specific experience that we are seeing because we are getting better and better at doing it and the benefits are kicking in quicker. So this is a net investment year, though as we ramp up and next year will also be a year with significant velocity. So it's a little early for us to lock in on any specific external targets, but so far so good on that front.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse: Thanks. Fantastic. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Cleo Zagrean with Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Cleo Zagrean - Macquarie Capital: Good morning. Could you please share some insight into freight forwarding? What happened this quarter versus the market and maybe make some of the comparison as to the outlook for '14. Thank you very much.
Scott Davis: Sure. I will have Jim talk about that.
Jim Barber: If you look at forwarding, a couple of quarters ago I talked about concentration in a couple of verticals as well as military. We said, we needed to change that obviously in a business like UPS doesn't change in a dime and so we take a prudent approach to that. We have worked through that in the last couple of quarters. We feel like the first quarter, as the opening comments alluded to, will be the wraparound for us. Two-fold will be nice growth quarters for us in both, tonnage as well as revenue quality, so we have been working through this. I would say that on the international air freight side, but there's three other pieces to that business that we feel like are performing very nicely. That being the North American forwarding piece, the brokerage piece and our Ocean Freight business and we built for a couple of years, so we feel like we are turning the corner on it along with the small package side and you will see that the as each quarter rolls out in '14.
Cleo Zagrean - Macquarie Capital: Any specific guidance in terms of growth versus market? How do you expect your positioning to change compared to last year?
Jim Barber: Well, I would only say, the guidance we have put out is pretty solid and we will stick with that in each quarter. we will kind of update as we go.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. We are looking for a mid single-digit revenue growth for the segment in aggregate and margins of about 8%, so we have got a lot of good stuff going on, the ocean is performing very well and we are helping customers find that balance of ocean and air forwarding, so that you should see more good stuff coming from that.
Cleo Zagrean - Macquarie Capital: Overall, the headwind from industry overcapacity, would you see that easing or how do you see it trend compared to last year.
Jim Barber: Yes. This is Jim. We have to move on. We have others on the line, so we are running out of a little time here, so we will save that for our individual call.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jeff Kauffman with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Thank you. I got a question on cash deployment. You basically have one times your EBITDA and debt on the books maybe a little less. Historically $6.5 billion is that the right amount of cash for you guys to keep on the books is probably closer to the $2 billion to $3 billion range? I heard the answer, we are thinking of making some acquisitions, but the number of acquisitions I can think of that require that much cash is a very short list. Why aren't we thinking about continuing to share repurchase or continuing to plough more of this cash back to investors?
Scott Davis: Well, Jeff, we continue to talk about that, and the balance sheet we do show about $5 billion at year-end 2013, so we did deploy quite a bit of cash as we said over $6 billion to shareowner's last year. We will continue to look at that. Clearly, we are here to do what's right for investors and customers and we will continue to look at that. We are basically fulfilling our commitment of returning at least 100% of net income to shareowners and the discussion of whether to accelerate when to accelerate that, that clearly is something that we talk about frequently, so for now we will keep doing what we said we would do and living up to our commitment, so you guys can anticipate and if there will likely be time to impress, we get even more aggressive.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Dolny.
Andy Dolny: Yes. I will turn it over to Scott for some closing comments.
Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Before we go, I want to just take a minute to recognize one of our team members who was participating on our final earnings call. Andy Dolny has announced his retirement after almost 32 years as a dedicated UPS-er. Those of you on the call have come to know him in his investor relations role over the last several years. And as I speak, the rest of our team, in thanking Andy for his wonderful service to our company, he keeps our meetings quite interesting and he always represents the investors' perspective well. Andy, all of us around this table and obviously UPS will miss you and we thank you for your contribution. By the way, Andy will be in the office for next several weeks. I am sure he will be in touch with most of you before he leaves. With that, thanks so much for listening to the call today and we will talk to you next quarter.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Investor Relations Scott Davis - UPS Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Kurt Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Sales, Marketing and Strategy Officer Jim Barber - President, UPS International Myron Gray - President, U.S. Operations David Abney - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Nate Brochmann - William Blair Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan William Greene - Morgan Stanley David Vernon - Bernstein Research Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Chris Wetherbee - Citi Scott Group - Wolfe Research Ben Hartford - Baird Art Hatfield - Raymond James Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Allison Landry - Credit Suisse David Ross - Stifel Dan Hartford - Oppenheimer Jack Atkins - Stephens Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham David Campbell - Thompson Davis Company Helane Becker - Cowen Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note, we will take only one question from each participant to accommodate more analysts during the call. Thank you for your cooperation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to our host, Mr. Andy Dolny, UPS Treasurer and Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.  
Andy Dolny: Good morning and welcome to UPS's third quarter earnings call. Joining today are Scott Davis, our CEO and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, along with Chief Operating Officer, David Abney; International President, Jim Barber; President of U.S. Operations, Myron Gray and UPS Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we will make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2012 Form 10-K and 2013 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. In our remarks today, all quarterly and full year comments and comparisons to 2012, will refer to adjusted results. In addition, we will discuss UPS's free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The webcast of today's call along with the reconciliations of free cash flow and adjusted results are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. Finally, our goal is to allow as many as possible to participate on today's call, so please ask one question and then get back in the queue. Thanks for your cooperation. Now, let me turn it over to Scott.
Scott Davis: Thanks and good morning. Our third quarter results improved from the first half of the year even though our business faced similar market dynamics. Customers continue to streamline the supply chains allowing UPS to meet their needs with our integrated solutions and logistics expertise. The U.S. domestic business continues to benefit from the e-commerce, while international experienced strong demand for UPS deferred products. Performance in our Supply Chain & Freight segment improved, primarily from ocean forwarding, brokerage and North American Airfreight results. Regarding the global economic environment, forecast for growth in EU have been revised upward as it begins to recover from recession. However, Asian economic projections are mixed as expansion in Japan has been offset somewhat by slowing China growth. Here in the U.S., uncertainty created by the partial shutdown of U.S. government has created some anxiety, while the impact to UPS on surface appears to be minimal, some experts predict the shutdown will be a drag on fourth quarter GDP. Though the shutdown is behind us, temporary solutions like sequestration and government furloughs only delayed the inevitable. Hitting the snooze button on our fiscal problems only extends uncertainty and dampens economic growth. No business could survive without careful management's resources and our country can't either. Now is the time for the government to fix the debt and put America's house in order. Although our political leaders struggled to effectively implement economic policy, companies worldwide are successfully adapting to evolving market conditions and evaluating all options to improve their bottom lines and UPS can help with our comprehensive portfolio of capabilities. We are built to meet the needs of business whether it's via ground, air or ocean, an integral part of developing these solutions, is listening to our customers. For example, our Latin American executives told us they expected strong growth in the region, we took action. During the quarter, UPS launched the industry's first Guaranteed Standard Service from the U.S. to Mexico. By leveraging our extensive network and brokerage expertise, UPS now provides a seamless delivery experience for southbound shipments. The company also expanded our preferred LCL Ocean product to serve the Asia to Mexico lane. In addition, UPS has opened new express service centers to serve the fast-growing region of Northern Mexico. Continuing our commitment to invest across the portfolio and around the world, we opened distribution to Hangzhou and Shanghai, China further expanding our capabilities. Now, I want to take a moment to update on our labor negotiations. As we announced back in the summer, our employees approved the National Master, which covers the key elements to contract, wages, pension and healthcare. Work continues on the open supplements. In the last month progress has been made with majority receiving approval. This includes a largest area, the central region and other large areas like New York. The remaining supplements will go out soon and we are confident in their approval. UPS will continue to work to expedite ratification to our employees to start receiving improved wages and benefits in the new contract. Until then, the current agreements remain in place. Now, let me turn it over to Kurt to provide more insight into UPS third quarter results.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, thanks and good morning everyone. As Scott noted, while supply chains are becoming and more efficient, they are increasing in their complexity. UPS's third quarter results reflect the company's ability to adapt to the shifting demands of our customers around the world. Earnings per share improved 9.4% on revenue growth of 3.4. These are solid results considering market trends and the global economic environment. Now, let's review the segment results. U.S. Domestic had a good quarter. Operating profit climbed 16% and margin expanded 140 basis points to 14.4%. Volume growth improved efficiency including savings from UPS safety initiatives and one additional operating day contributed to the success. In addition, while the fuel surcharge lag was a slight drag for the quarter, on a year-over-year basis it was a benefit. Revenue was up 5% on a daily package volume increase of 2.3 as e-commerce continues to thrive. B2C shipments were up 5% during the quarter and we saw an increase in B2B volumes also mainly from retail shippers. Looking at the product level, daily ground volume was up 3% and deferred air improved 2.3%. Next Day Air volume declined 3.3%, reflecting losses of letter volume. Further contributing to slower air growth, some shippers have moved their distribution facilities closer to the customers enabling the greater use of UPS ground to obtain shorter time in transit. Revenue per piece increased 1%, reflecting base rate increases that were offset by lower fuel surcharges, lighter average weight and changes in product and customer mix. UPS Next Day Air yield was 3% higher while ground was up 1.9%, deferred yield declined 2%, primarily due to significantly lower average weight. We were able to create operating leverage and lowered our cost per piece by effectively managing the UPS network. Our typical cost metrics of miles driven, direct labor hours and block hours, all contributed to productivity Now for some details on the international results, total segment revenue increased 2.5% on strong volume growth of 6.5%. Operating profit declined 7% to $417 million. Operating margin and profit were lower as savings for network adjustments and cost initiatives were offset by $75 million in headwinds from currency and fuel. Without these two items, operating profit would have been up approximately 10%. In addition, the segment continued to be impacted by shifting customer preference for deferred products. Currency-neutral yields dropped 4.3%, driven primarily by a 5% decline in export product yields. Shippers continued to use non-premium UPS products like Worldwide Expedited and trans-border standard both, of which increased 11%. In addition, our premium products were up 1%. Growth in shorter trade lanes and lower fuel surcharges also contributed to yield declines. UPS daily export volume increased by 6.7% in the quarter, driven by faster growth from Europe, Canada and Mexico. Intra-Europe volume was up more than 10%, while Asian exports were flat with last year. Non-U.S. Domestic products climbed 6.3% per day led by strong gains across Europe and Canada. The developing economies of Turkey and Poland were both up approximately 20%, so we saw a good growth in the quarter but overall our results were a little bit less than we expected. Rest assured, UPS is building on our in-country cost initiatives and will make the necessary network adjustments to ensure that we continue to generate the industry's highest margins. Now, regarding Supply Chain & Freight. The segment demonstrated improvement this quarter, with operating profit up almost 7% on flat revenue growth. Top line gains at UPS freight were offset by declines in forwarding. Operating margins expanded 60 basis points to 8.9%, matching our previous high for the segment. The weak demand in the Asia forwarding market continues to put pressure on rates. International forwarding revenue declined due to lower tonnage and revenue per kilo, both down about 3% to 4%, but solid performance from our ocean, our brokerage and our North American air freight sectors enabled the business unit to expand operating profit and margin in the quarter. In addition, our international air freight made good progress in adapting to these market conditions. In distribution, operating profit improved and generated the margin of approximately 9%. The revenue growth was relatively flat to last year. Revenue gains in the Healthcare and Mail Services were offset by some declines in the High Tech sector and remember during 2012, the unit did benefit from UPS's participation in the London Olympic Games. Turning now to UPS Freight, LTL revenue increased 5.5%, driven by shipment growth of about 4% and improvements in revenue per 100 weight. Operating margin for the business contracted slightly as wage and benefit increases were not fully offset by productivity improvements? Now, let's review our financial strength. For the nine months ended September 30th UPS generated $3.6 billion in free cash flow after capital expenditures of $1.6 billion. So far this year, UPS has paid $1.7 billion in dividends, an increase of almost of 9% per share. In addition, we have repurchased $33 million shares for approximately $2.9 billion, well on our way to our guidance of $4 billion for the year. Our cash position and balance sheet remain strong. The first priority always is to use it to grow the business then to reward our share owners and finally to seek opportunities to mitigate risk and volatility to our balance sheet. I do want to highlight that our Q3 tax rate increased to 36%. This was partially due to an increased mix of profits from the U.S. compared to the rest of the world. We do expect the rate of 36% for the fourth quarter also. Now, for a bit more color on fourth quarter guidance for the business segments. In U.S. Domestic, we expect daily volume to grow by 3% to 4%, revenue was expected to up about the same as volume. Base rate improvements will be masked somewhat by lower fuel surcharges as well as changes in mix and package characteristics. We expect operating profits to grow in line with revenue. Reflecting back to 2012, remember that our domestic margin benefited from nearly 8% growth in Next Day Air, something we don't expect to see this year. Looking forward, the wildcard will be the opportunities and challenges of a compressed peak season. For the International segment, we expect volume growth of 3% to 5% although product mix and currency will continue to weigh on yields. We expect high single-digit profit growth with operating margin around 16%. These expectations include a negative currency impact of approximately $30 million to $40 million. At Supply Chain & Freight, we expect revenue growth to be down somewhat as freight forwarding continues to experience lower demand in yield. Despite the challenging conditions in the international air freight market and continued investments in healthcare, we expect operating margin to expand to about 8%. Overall, we remain confident in our full year earnings per share guidance in the range of $4.65 to $4.85 per share. We are looking forward to the fourth quarter and of course the holiday season.  Now, Alan Gershenhorn will share with you some thoughts about the upcoming peak. Alan?
Alan Gershenhorn: Thanks, Kurt, and good morning. The holiday peak season is always an exciting time at UPS, and this year will be no different. Consumers around the world count on us to deliver their holiday gifts on time and in perfect condition. For 2013, the National Retail Federation expects holiday retail sales to increase 3.9%. More importantly, for UPS, online sales are expected to rise between 13% and 15%. At UPS, some of our retailers are cautious in their holiday outlook, however they go into the season with more flexible supply chain options than ever before. Retail customers are focused on managing inventory levels and providing the right customer experience to drive growth. This includes working with UPS on omni-channel strategies, which help to create better touch points for consumers, improve utilization of brick-and-mortar square footage and to ship inventory directly from stores, all enhancing the overall customer experience. Retail customers also talk to us about having a flexible supply chain, so they can respond quickly to market changes. At UPS, we expect this year's holiday season will be another for the record books as we picked up more than 34 million packages on our peak day. As Kurt mentioned in the fourth quarter, we expect package volume to grow 3% to 4%, however with the later Thanksgiving this year, there are six fewer shopping days from Black Friday to Christmas. As a result, we expect daily volume over this shortened window to be up 8%. UPS is continuing to make the holidays easier for consumers too. Our industry first solution UPS My Choice has now exceeded 5 million subscribers. Recent enhancements will provide subscribers the ability to organize their hectic holiday schedule by managing their online orders with the UPS delivery calendar. In addition, UPS My Choice consumers can choose to receive their UPS SurePost shipments earlier by upgrading to UPS ground. By the way UPS, MyChoice services are now available on Facebook, the online home to more consumers. Peak season does not end for us at Christmas. The rapid growth of e-commerce has created a third peak for UPS that starts after the holidays and keeps us tussling into the middle of January. During this period, consumers are taking advantage of gift cards and retailer year end close outs as well as returning gifts received during the holiday. The UPS returns portfolio offer several solutions that help shippers control returned goods and provide their customers with a hassle free returns experience. As you can see, there's a lot going on at UPS to prepare for the high demands for service. I want to wish you and your family a wonderful holiday season, and of course order early, often, and most importantly, have it shipped through UPS. Now, I'll turn it back over to Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, great. Thanks, Alan, and we are ready now to open up for questions.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair: Hi. Why don't you talk a little bit, I mean obviously if you go back to last quarter, we had a lot of disruption in terms of like shifting around some assets to account for where the freight was coming from and lot of the customer preferences on the deferred. Clearly, you guys have done a pretty quick job of that and obviously that's benefited the integrated network. As we go into the holiday season and you talk about the flexible solutions that Alan just mentioned, how do you continue to reallocate assets based on where are the freight's flowing to maintain the most flexibility for your customers while maintaining the most profitability for you guys?
Scott Davis: Well, that's certainly something that UPS has been working on for many years and we think as a benefit of us being able to have one integrated network or we can shift capacity. You know, having a ready fleet of aircraft we can adjust to and certainly having ability to move those quickly is important. One area though that clearly we do this time of the year especially is, we spend a lot of time talking to our major shippers about the holidays and that helps get us a little bit of shake for the peak season anyway. Alan, maybe you could talk a little bit about our approach of preparing expectations for peak.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. As I said in my opening comments, some of our retailers are a bit cautious, but they are ready more than ever with the execution of these omni-channel strategies that we are helping them with, and really what that does is it helps these retailers better optimize, minimize and better utilize both, their in-store and their DC inventories, so they are prepared for any online growth acceleration. It obviously also helps them maximize the price they get for their goods by avoiding markdowns and it also creates that seamless in-store and online experience for the shoppers, so we are pretty excited about the solutions that we have in place for our retailers this year to adjust for any eventualities.
Scott Davis: I guess the other component in your question there is, the international component. Jim, maybe you can talk a little bit about the flexibility that we try to build and react to customer demand this time of the year.
Jim Barber: No problem. Obviously, the base network, I think you would note as you said in the opening open, we have done a pretty good job over the years to balance that and utilize that. I think the other capabilities that we have in our forwarding unit go down the charters, the ability for a large customers to flex when they needed, so we can bring chatterers into the network or not. The other advantage that we have with network, the ability to flex it with extra rotations at peak capacity, so at that time we feel like we have got the baseline and the foundation, we have a very optimized network at the same time.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. Thanks. Great job on the domestic side, so let me kind of focus a bit on the international. Kurt, if I heard you right, I think you said margins might rise to about 16%, and they were down year-on-year if I heard that right in this quarter. Just wanted to know what you're doing there in order to get that margin up and is there a cost cutting program and you are taking more assets out just given that international look like a little disappointing in contrast to the strength you saw on the domestic side?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Ken. Thanks for the question. We are feeling very good about the activities in international. I'll let Jim talk a little bit about it, but you saw the very strong growth that we had in the quarter. We think that momentum is going to continue. Also the headwinds of the fuel and the currency did offset a lot of the hard work, so Jim, maybe you could talk a little bit about why you have increasing confidence in our international sector.
Jim Barber: Sure. Obviously, this quarter down $32 million, we had [$75 million] headwinds going against that. We talked about the headwinds coming, but at the same time, beneath that when you look across the geographies, you can see increasing momentum quarter-over-quarter-over-quarter. Right now, we have got very, very good growth and capabilities in Europe and our Americas business and you have heard some of the comments in the opening lines of the trans-border network, so as Asia continues to struggle a bit, in the middle of that, we adjust, we go forward and you have heard a couple other comments about some of our new integrated networks in Turkey and Poland that have great 20% growth year-over-year, so we are confident for best and we are confident when some of these headwinds get behind us, you will see that as well.
Scott Davis: Kurt mentioned that fundamentals, we really grew profits 10%, take care of the currency and the fuel, so we felt good about the fundamentals of the business. As you look to 2014, again, we think that currency will not be the issue we saw on 2013, so that will eliminate one of those headwinds as we move into next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Good morning. I wanted to ask you little bit more about international, I guess it will probably be a popular topic today, but can you give us a sense on what pricing conditions are? Then, I guess, in terms of if there is some weakness in pricing you got to trade down, how much of a headwind is that to margin when you look at 2014, or is it something that given the ability to adapt the network that it's really not a big issue for you when look at kind of profitability in international in 2014? Thanks.
Jim Barber: Tom, the issue in international even though I know the currency adjusted yields for exports look very weak with the negative 5%, the vast majority of that impact is not pricing pressure. It is the trade lane mix and the user deferred products. As we said, our deferred products grew by 11%, and a very strong growth, the continent of Europe showed a 10% growth in shipments, so packages moving around Europe have substantially lower revenues, but also a lot less cost so we feel very comfortable that the market is competitive but stable on the price side. As we adjust and adapt and it is great to see Europe picking up steam, I think part of that is the economy getting a little firmer, but most of it is company-specific. As we had talked about early this year, we felt that as we focus back on organic growth strategy, you would see the results of that, so we are pretty comfortable with the pricing environments rational.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of William Greene of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Hey, Kurt. Kurt, I am wondering if you can provide us with a little bit more color on the fourth quarter. You gave a lot of details around each one of the operating segments and that was helpful, but I think there might be some puts and takes, so that I am not fully grasping in. When I look at sort of a normal sequential change in the earnings, typically I think it's up in the fourth quarter about 14%, 15%, but the midpoint of the range here would be closer to 29%, 30%. Is it all currency that's kind of driving that? It feels like that's not enough, so I am not sure what else I'm missing that would kind of get us more to the mid-point or is it just the economic assumptions that really justify the top and low end of the ranges there?
Jim Barber: You are talking for the business in aggregate, rather than just international?
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Yes. More like an EPS comment. Just because when you take the mid-point, it seems like it's a pretty big step-up and I am not sure I have all the pieces.
Jim Barber: I don't think it's a huge gap against the historical trends anyway. You know, we are seeing good positive momentum in International. I gave you the guidance on that. International, we are looking for profit growth, although frankly there are both, great opportunities and also some risks of a compressed peak season that and Myron will certainly talk about in little while. As you compress the holidays into less days, if things go smoothly and the weather is positive, then there is good opportunity. On the other hand, it does create some challenges, so we comfortable that we can deliver in the range that we have given and I think that the parts of the [Parcel] that we gave will help to back that up.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
David Vernon - Bernstein Research: Hi. Good morning, guys. A quick question on the domestic competitive dynamic. Last couple of quarters Next Day Air volume, you noted that the letter traffic is down, you are seeing some things about sort of One Rate pricing stuff like that coming out. How do you feel about the domestic sort of priority market and the competitive dynamic there?
Scott Davis: Yes. Certainly, the market continuing to stable, we did show some improvements, but I will let Alan talk a little bit about some of the other issues.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. Certainly, we had strong growth in our ground and our deferred products. Speaking specifically to the Next Day Air, certainly our letter volume was down and that's tied to professional services with a slowdown in the financial services sector as a result of the interest rates climbing a bit and we did see a few losses from some of our large banks.
David Vernon - Bernstein Research: Then there is a corresponding uptick in the Next Day Air yield. Is that a sort of positive mix shift or better pricing in there?
Alan Gershenhorn: That will be more packages versus letters would help drive that.
David Vernon - Bernstein Research: Okay great.
Scott Davis: I guess one other point just to remember on the air is, we did have a very strong air quarter last year. I think our next day shipments were up 7%, so part of that is the much tougher comp.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.  Please go ahead.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: Why don't I dig in a little bit on the domestic side? I mean, it looks like you guys got some good pickup on efficiency gains and I know you've got some pretty initiatives with ORION and the SurePost redirect pieces of the business going on, so maybe you could talk a little bit about where you are ORION implementation and how many miles have gotten out of your network. Then on the SurePost redirect, how much of that e-commerce traffic that you are moving is being leveraged by the UPS network now instead of handing off to USPS?
Scott Davis: Great. Glad to. I'll turn that over to Myron to fill you in little bit, but we were pleased clearly with the domestic for the quarter and I did mention though we had an extra working day which also helps and we had some safety benefits, but, yes, Myron's people have been very busy rolling out some of these new applications, so Myron?
Myron Gray: Good morning, Justin. We continue to take advantage of a healthy pipeline of technology deployments throughout the year. To answer your question specifically, we have been able to redirect approximately 20% of our SurePost volume back into the U.S. Domestic delivery network by improving our delivery densities. As a result of that, we have been able to control the number of direct miles driven. Simultaneously, we have also taken advantage of leveraging our Worldport operations by reducing domestic block hours by over 3.7%. If you will also recall, we fully deployed telematics only six months ago, so we expect to get a continued upside from that and we have only deployed about 13% of our U.S. drivers on ORION right now and early results have been extremely positive, so we believe that there is more available for us.
Scott Davis: Yes. Do remember though that the ORION is a multi-year rollout. It's very deep integrated expansion that has to be route specific, but thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to stick with U.S. Domestic, it was nice to see a specifically call out B2B volumes during the quarter, so just wondering if you can give us a sense of the magnitude and whether we may have turned a corner from the B2B perspective?  Then how we should think about that leveraging into the network? You had strong margins during the quarter. Can B2B help sustain levels like we saw in the third quarter going forward?
Scott Davis: Well, I think the B2B did show modest growth, really B2C continues to outperform. I don't want to put too positive a spin on it. I guess, it was really the retail sector, especially with the omni-channel and us moving goods between stores and retailers adjusting their supply chains that drove up the B2B component. The rest of the sectors were fairly flat, maybe slightly negative.
Jim Barber: We are still looking for that pickup pick up in manufacturing that's been called for. It's been slow all year long, but hopefully if we can make some decisions on Washington, we will get the manufacturing going again.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie: Then can you help us to think about whether these margins levels you had very strong in third quarter. How we can think about that going forward maybe?
Jim Barber: Well, we have given you some pretty good sense for fourth quarter anyway and both, the opportunities and the challenges. We will be talking a lot more about 2014 next quarter anyway, so we are really not at a point to give any guidance going forward, but rest assured we are working hard to keep our customers satisfied and manage our cost.
Scott Davis: If we would be successful on projects like ORION, naturally bodes well for domestic margins and Jim talked about where we are going internationally and then we will tell you a lot more in January.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citi: Thanks. Good morning guys. You talked a little bit about international capacity just curious kind of how you think about the pace of activity internationally and whether there is really the need to joining more overcapacities for where you stand in the quarter as well would be helpful. Thanks.
Scott Davis: Let me start off with David Abney talking about their air network and utilization and how we reacted there.
David Abney:  Well, we have continued to match network capacity to volume trends. For international, for the third quarter, block hours were down 1%, while our export volume was up 6.7%. For the fourth quarter, the truck routes from Asia to the U.S., we will fluctuate between the 7.5% and 8%. We would probably be down about 4% total international block hours from last year, so that's what we are seeing. You have to remember that we have significantly cut Asia to U.S. block hours by 20% over the last two years and we are continuing to monitor and see where we need to make Ad Hoc cuts.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Why don't you just drill down on the domestic package margins a little bit again? Is there any way - Kurt, you just put some numbers around how much you think that the operating day benefits you. The safety improvements, is there any number around that and do you view that as ongoing or one-time-ish. Then I am just curious in this interim period without the labor contract, are you still approving for the wage increases?
Kurt Kuehn: I guess to what we have I think pretty consistently estimated that an extra working day usually gives you about $50 million, maybe $60 million depending on when it hits anyway, so that's something we anticipate and plan and forecast for. Third quarter, every year is a year usually where we make entries for workers' comp and safety. Actually, last year, there was a little more of that in the fourth quarter than the third, so that gave us a little bit of a boost, but not material. Yes. We are accruing for the contract as it stands and as Scott said, we are working through the details on that and are looking forward to getting that wrapped up pretty soon.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Do you have a number on the equivalent for that safety?
Scott Davis: No. I don't. It's been a little bit in multiple sectors.
Jim Barber: But it is something like as Kurt said, over the last 10 years pretty much every third quarter, we do an actuarial evaluation. We have done a great job on safety and every year we see benefit.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Ben Hartford with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford - Baird: Good morning, guys. Jim, could you provide some context to the forwarding dynamics? I know you guys have been managing your capacity tightly in the international trade lanes. I know Asia volumes are still a little softer, which growth is decelerating, but it sounds like capacity has been taken out of that market and pricing dynamics within the forwarding market are still pressured. Do you get the sense that they are still lingering margin gross margin pressure with forwarding given the pricing dynamics in the industry, plus underlying rates firming up or being rational?
Scott Davis: Before I turn it over to Jim, in our guidance, we do expect to see modest revenue declines although the unit's done a good job of adjusting. Jim, maybe you could fill us in a little bit more on the view of the market.  
Jim Barber: Yes. I guess, over the last couple of days and about the last week or so some information has come out that actually contradicts that and that there are some backlogs out in Asia coming out. Quite frankly, the way we look at it right now is that there are some upticks in volume, obviously that would obviously coincide with some rate, but we planned for that. We know there is some capacity reductions in the market as well that kind of go in hand-in-hand, but I think over the next couple of weeks we will ultimately see what happens with the demand side, but we think, we at UPS, we are in good shape to handle that obviously with the way we run the network, but the other side of about the forwarding businesses is, it is a pretty volatile market all the time, you have to adjust to it and we feel like in the last couple of years, we invested nicely in some technology to help us do that in the years to come, so we are very comfortable with where the rates are going.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Art Hatfield - Raymond James: Good morning, everyone. Real quick on the fourth quarter, and you have made some comments regarding the shortened holiday season. It would seem to me that given your flexibility and all the different services you can offer customers, the potential benefits would outweigh the risks, but it sounds like you are focusing on the potential incremental costs or the risk associated with the shortened holiday season. Can you kind of help me understand that a little bit better?
Scott Davis: I will take a shot at that. I think, Kurt, used the term wildcard. Frankly, a compressed holiday period, if weather is perfect it's good. Probably it will benefit us as we have been able to move our volumes to our network efficiently in the shorter days, shorter hours. The question is, if we get a nice storm (Inaudible), you know one of those days? It's going to be hard to make up for it. I think it's one of those things that are kind of a risk reward type deal. If whether is great, we will probably get rewarded. If weather is bad, there will be a challenge for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Capital: Good morning, everyone. Congrats on the domestic results this quarter. When I go back to your 2011 Analyst Meeting, and you laid out the growth targets of 10% to 15% for EPS, you guys, I think were assuming a U.S. economy of 2.5% to 3.5% at that time. Have you gotten to the point where you have transitioned the business to reflect the slower environment, where you think you can get back on track for some of these longer term earnings growth targets?
Jim Barber: We have made pretty good progress on our domestic business with the margins steadily improving and moving forward, so we feel that clearly we have done a lot of adaptation both, product shifts and economic changes. International, clearly with the headwinds and global trade that we saw for the last couple of years has probably been the bigger surprise and that is one where Jim and the network people have been very busy adapting to that, and hopefully you get a sense that we think we are making progress on that, but that's really the bigger probably difference since the investor conference couple of years ago.
Scott Davis: Looking at this year, we weren't very far off those goals when we set our guidance at the start of the year taken out the currency and the fuel impact and pension, particular, so hopefully if interest rates stay where they are, pension will not be a headwind next year. We think currency will not be a headwind next year, so we are positioned better to get close to those targets.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. What's the organic growth rate you are seeing out of the European operations on the same-store basis?
Scott Davis: That 10% growth in exports is purely organic. Now, some of that's Turkey and Poland came from acquisition several years ago, but I think we feel particularly gratified that we are seeing, as Jim mentioned, this extension that we have done to the periphery markets around Europe is succeeding. Jim?
Jim Barber: Really both in Europe, I think we are pretty proud over the last couple of years, we had some acquisitions in Poland, in Turkey and the U.K. all those integrations are done, behind us, and all of those markets quite frankly all growing double-digit, so that in the combination of the trans-border network over there and the express network, it's a really good story for us right now, so everything for the most is good obviously. Our next step with TNT, that's behind us now and now kind of turned our focus over our people and all that UPS has to offer the customers to emerging markets in some of the other places that we are now going, so we think the future is bright.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs: If I could ask what is the sort of key end market that the growth is occurring? Is it more intra-Europe or is that actually Transatlantic? If you could just maybe add little bit more detail around that that would be helpful? Thanks.
Scott Davis: Well, right now if you stand inside Europe from that geography, obviously, our intra-European growth is very good. You have got a double-digit growth in the inside, because of the great network we have there. We have got some lanes depending on where you are going our U.S. lane continues to grow nicely across the globe. Again, we are pretty proud of being able to offer domestic customers and geographies from Turkey to the U.K. to Germany, across the world and that piece of the world some great opportunity and they grow at double digits as well, so it's growing in many facets.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse: Just following up on the European business, you have talked a lot about double-digit growth in the intra-European geography, so I was wondering if you could comment on the relative profitability of regional package flows versus more intra-country. Then also your thoughts on whether European margins can ultimately reflect those in the U.S.?
Scott Davis: Yes. In general, we do have higher margins in our export business than the domestic business. The benefit of our domestic business is, they give us a decent margin, but they also create the density that allows this UPS integrated network to create the returns that you guys enjoy so much. As far as the targets, certainly the priority is growth in export. Jim's people balance them, what the appropriate amount of domestic business is country-by-country to create infrastructure. Beyond that, what we really look at is return on capital, so we make sure that those products that drive the most assets, those flying across oceans and those things, generate the higher margins. Beyond that, we don't really open up the can of worms.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross - Stifel: Good morning, gentlemen. Wanted to talk about UPS Freight. Yields declined a little bit, but partially due to the higher average weight per shipment. Could you comment on of kind what's going on the average length of haul in that division that may have also impacted the yield? Then any update you have on the new union contracts of the UPS Freight team, it would be great?
Scott Davis: Yes. First let me correct fact. Yields were up in the quarter, so they weren't up quite as much as in previous quarters, but still we showed a 2.2% increase in revenue per 100 weight, so that's not an issue.
David Ross - Stifel: Okay. In the Excel sheet I got to, 21.94 versus 22 a year ago, so had it actually declined 0.3% LTL revenue per 100 weight?
Scott Davis: Maybe. I don't know what you are looking at. We will have to take it offline. Go ahead, Myron, maybe on the business progress from what you guys are doing?
Myron Gray: Yes. I think, our progress is in line with what we told you guys at our Investor's conference in 2011, with expected margin improvement. While revenue did improve over 5% and revenue per tonne went up over 4% and it was somewhat offset by not being able to get the kind of productivity improvements that we look for out of our freight operations and we will continue to deploy small package-like productivity improvements with the use of technology in freight in the coming months and would expect to perform better.
Scott Davis: As far as the contract, I think we are making progress. I think we would spend lot of time between the UPS teams and union leadership really communicating and educating the people about the new contract, there were changes in healthcare that were confusing to people. We have done this process and the package side of the Master have had good results and we communicated the new contract. We expect the same on the freight side. Hopefully, we will get it out for vote here in near-future.
David Ross - Stifel: Kurt, sorry, I was looking at the year-to-date yield numbers around in the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Dan Hartford - Oppenheimer: Good morning, guys. This is Dan Hartford filling in for Scott. Touching on the buybacks and the use of capital, can you please clarify the $4 billion is for the target for 2013? And if you can help us understand how you think about the use of capital in 2014 as well? Thank you.
Scott Davis: Yes. Well, certainly, as we said we remain on target to deliver the redistribution with the share repurchases. We spent just a little shy of $3 billion year-to-date on that front, so we are moving along as said and we tend to set a target each year and complete what we do, so barring any unusual market conditions or something, we expect to continue the remainder of that. The higher priority always is to invest in growth. Certainly, we have got the balance sheet to do it. Although, we have been targeting more smaller acquisitions things like CEMELOG in Eastern Europe to expand our healthcare network and other targeted acquisitions, so we will continue following that path, also continue to support a very strong dividend, so we are looking for opportunities and application, capital, plus we would also used capital in some cases to reduce the risk and volatility to the balance sheet. You have seen that with some of the moves we have done on the pension, so we have got a lot of choices and part of our job is to prudently allocate capital and keep remembering that it's share owner's money and it's our duty to use it prudently or return it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins - Stephens:  Hi. Thanks for the time. Just to dig in again here on the forwarding business, just curious if you could maybe comment on the competitive landscape, competitive dynamics really within the forwarding industry? Have seen any improvement there as we move through the year with regard to just competitive pricing pressures? Then secondly, when you think about the slate of tech launches that a lot of folks are expecting to see for this quarter, but what type of volume trends would you expect to see in your forwarding business out of Asia to the U.S. in the 4Q?
Scott Davis: Yes. I'll start off at least kind of the trends. Clearly, as Jim mentioned, we are seeing some pickup in demand. That's typical for the beginning of peak season and there are some launches that will give a boost. Jim, any thoughts or comments on the competitive environment? 
Jim Barber: As I said a minute ago, I mean, over the last couple of days some of the competitors have seen what appears to be some pickup in demand that's match against the capacity constrictions, but from our perspective, we feel like we are in good shape. As I said last quarter, we feel like we are bit too concentrated in some areas in forwarding that we will move in the next quarter to work through that, but we know that based upon the charter activity, we are being asked to perform right now in the previous couple of weeks and going forward. We know there is demand out there and we need to fulfill that, so we even feel like we are pretty comfortable with that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Buckingham. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham:  Thank you very much and congratulations. Most of my questions have been asked at this point. Could you give us an update on UPS Access Point? How that's performing in Europe, and if there are thoughts that that product could eventually be rolled out in other global markets?
Scott Davis: Yes. We would be happy to talk about that. That is clearly a big initiative for the international access, so Jim do you want to talk a little bit about the rollout and where we are heading on that?
Jim Barber: Sure. I think, we have to remember when we bought Kiala, they had about 65,500 access points in France in Benelux and we have rolled that out now and expanded into the U.K. and Germany by the middle of next year we will have 2,000 to 3,000 access points in each of those countries. The rollout is going just as we thought it would. In a second, I will turn it over to Alan with respect to going forward to some widening of what we see, but we also like that the combination of access points and what it can do for our delivery network, we are already expanding it into the usage of drivers in alternate delivery. We also like to power of the access points to create cross-border traffic in the single market of Europe, so we are pretty pleased with where we are. Alan, if you want to add anything?
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. I think to that point, Jim, it's a Swiss army knife really, because we are changing residential into high density commercial sops, we are using it for these not-in-one alternate deliveries back to these access points. We are using it for e-commerce returns and prepaid drop-offs, so we are really excited about what it's enabling us to penetrate the B2C market in Europe cost effectively. We are over 10,000 in access points now, so we are now in the U.K. and Germany. Those were our expansion plans and we are continuing to grow in France, Benelux and Spain, and we are serving about 450 retailers at this particular point right now in the Europe, so we are really excited about the opportunity it's creating for us in the European environment.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham:  Do you think the bigger opportunity is more of a weak customer penetration, because you have more convenient access points or is there is a cost saving side, where you are reducing the amount of redeliveries or just making it easier to give packages to customers?
Scott Davis: It's actually both. As you know in the United States, we are very big in retail. Retail has not been our focus really in the past in Europe from a B2C perspective, so this is the big opportunity for UPS to penetrate the retail market throughout Europe with better solutions that are available in the market today. To your point, do it in a way that is profitable, because of the density that we can create and the other point I would just make is that many of the consumers in Europe really prefer getting their deliveries at these access points versus at home and some of our retailers have over 50% of their packages being delivered to these access points versus their residential homes.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham:  Okay. Thank you very much and congratulations.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Campbell of Thompson Davis & Company. Please go ahead.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis Company: Yes. Thank you very much and good morning. I heard you say that your international block hours would be down 4% in the fourth quarter, which is apparently more than they were down in the third quarter. Given this pickup in demand in Asia-Pacific region, how is that going to help your company international revenues and forwarding profits in the fourth quarter?
Scott Davis: That's good question, David. We certainly have some flexibility that maybe, David, you could talk about that.
David Abney:  Yes. What I said was that it would be down 4% from last year in the fourth quarter. One of the things that we look at very closely is, how the calendar flows and where we can cut flights on an ad hoc basis and we made those decisions. We continue to monitor the capacity and we have the ability to map up flights if we need to and add those rotations, but we can also cutback, so we have the flexibility, we have the network in place and we have been doing this for years. In fact, if you look since 2008, our international block hours are down almost 5%, our export volume is up almost 20%, so we have this thing fine tuned and we can make the adjustments we need no matter which way it may swing throughout the quarter.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis Company: Thank you.
Scott Davis: Yes. One of the real value creations, where we have been working on the last few years is to take advantage of both, our forwarding network and our owned fixed assets and have enough flexibility to move volume and freight especially in and out of them.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker - Cowen: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody. Almost all my questions, but one, have been actually asked and answered. Thank you very much. As we look ahead, Kurt, to 2014, and we think about some the changes in healthcare laws and so on, how should we think about compensation as regard to the healthcare? I know you made some changes earlier this year to your plans, but what healthcare cost increases are going to look like? Thank you
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. Hi, Helane. Unfortunately, you may help us wrap this call on a down note.
Kurt Kuehn: Our healthcare expenses continue to be a challenge. We had made some modifications to our plans to help to manage cost, but still the Affordable Care Act is continuing to add a burden to us. The transition tax for covered life is a big deal for us. We think there is over $100 million of expense, so all-in-all that is a headwind that will be in the healthcare for next year on that.
Helane Becker - Cowen: Okay. Thank you. You can repeat something positive if you want.
Scott Davis: That's okay. It's an important and certainly we are eager to find solutions to it. 
Helane Becker - Cowen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Anthony Gallo of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo: Good morning. Thank you. You mentioned continued efforts with omni-channel retailing. I am curious if you could bring us up to speed on where some of the retailer efforts are with ship-to-store activity was sort of a hot topic earlier this year. Is it experimental now or is traction being gained and has there been any benefit on the margin front in the density that you gain from that? Thank you.
Scott Davis: Well, it's certainly beyond experimental. Alan can fill you in on some details on that.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. I would say that initially that the retailers were really looking at it to optimize their inventories by better utilizing their in-store and D.C. inventories. Shifting inventories sometimes all the way across the United States, in fact the goods were not selling in one part, but they could still get the list prices in another part of the country. Now what it shifted to is, how to compete in the local markets, so they are enabling - we are doing some things with late pickups in the evenings for these clients and enabling next day fulfillment in the local territory by utilizing our night source, so they are really using it in a wide variety of ways to both, become more effective with their inventory as well as serve the consumers in a better way to compete with other retailers in the marketplace. We have got probably about 25 large retailers underway today and they are using it to ship-to and from-stores, store-to-store, returns to the store and obviously some of those create even more B2B moves, which Kurt talked about earlier.
Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo: Is it fair to move the needle on margins or volumes?
Scott Davis: It's certainly a part of the B2B retail uptick that we are seeing. Yes.
Jim Barber: Yes. Clearly, I think we do it to help density, helps margins in the long-term.
Operator: Due to time constraint, our last question will come from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan:  Great. Thank you for giving me a chance on a follow-up. I wanted to see if you could give us a little more data on the comment of the flat export out of Asia. That was, I guess, flat package out of Asia and was there trade down within that or you had premium down and deferred up, or with the kind of 11% growth in international deferred really a phenomenon that's taking place in your European business?
Scott Davis: Yes. Jim can get us certainly a little color on that.
Jim Barber: Yes. It is. I mean, the network has more expedited this year than last year, but that's something we have to adjust to and the network essentially is flat. It's got a different type of product in it this year, but that's not just with UPS. The whole supply chains across the world are moving that way. It doesn't mean it's going to stay that way in the future, but as it exist right now in the flat discussions we have had, it is flat and it has also got some down trade in it, but we have to then, back to David's comment adjust the network the right way to be able to keep it going forward for the customers and shareholders.
Scott Davis: Tom, as said earlier I guess the fact is the export market is not shrinking. It's growing at a slow pace. The reality is expedited is on the fast pace right now. As we get more innovation development, more technology products and the economy gets a little bit better, I would expect to see some better growth in express going forward.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan:  Okay, but that makes the fact is true in your advantage as well.
Jim Barber: A little bit. I mean, Europe, quite frankly, you have got obviously big strong ground trans-border networks that are a little bit different, but you've got I think the trade-down to expedite is more predominant in Asia obviously, because of the length of supply chain, so it's more predominant there from my perspective.
Operator: I would like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Dolny. Please go ahead, sir.
Andy Dolny: Okay, and I will turn it over to Scott for some closing comments.
Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. You all know that shippers and consumers around the world have come to depend on UPS to successfully deliver the holidays. Peak season UPS is a combination of months of planning, training and preparation for the ultimate test. The timely delivery is almost double our normal's days worked. In advance, I want to thank more than 400,000 dedicated UPSers around the world, who put in the long hours and go the extra mile for our customers this year and I also want to thank all of you for taking part in today's call. Thanks.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Investor Relations Officer Scott Davis - CEO Kurt Kuehn - CFO David Abney - COO Jim Barber - International President Myron Gray - President of U.S. Operations Alan Gershenhorn - Chief Sales and Marketing Officer
Analysts: Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Chris Wetherbee - Citi Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Benjamin Hartford -Robert W. Baird Nate Brochmann - William Blair Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus Helane Becker - Cowen Securities Jack Atkins - Stephens Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Company
Operator: Good morning. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, UPS treasurer and investor relations officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Scott Davis, our CEO, and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, along with Chief Operating Officer David Abney, International President Jim Barber, President of U.S. Operations Myron Gray, and UPS Chief Sales and Marketing Officer Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties which are described in detail in our 2012 Form 10-K and first quarter 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. In our remarks today, all full year comments and comparisons will refer to adjusted results. In addition, we will discuss UPS free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Reconciliations of free cash flow and adjusted results, along with the webcast of todays call, are available on the UPS investor relations website. Finally, as a reminder, our goal is to allow as many as possible to participate on todays call. So, please ask only one question, and then get back in the queue. Again, no multi-part questions, as we will select which part to answer. Thanks for your cooperation. Now, let me turn it over to Scott.
Scott Davis : Good morning. UPS second quarter results reflect the impact of customer behavior and market trends. International freight forward operating profits and margins continue to be influenced by moderating demand and changes in shipper preference. Customers around the world continue to put greater emphasis on cost, rather than time in transit, trading down in the UPS product portfolio. We believe this trend is primarily cyclical. Over the last few quarters, theres been a trough in the innovation cycle. Demand for new high tech products traditionally drives express small package and air freight out of Asia. On the other hand, some of the trade down is likely permanent. More international trade is being conducted regionally, and supply chains are becoming more efficient, so the need for the fastest express options may not grow quite as strong in the future. Here in the U.S., volume growth was a little less than we expected. Some opportunities were missed due to labor negotiations. Regarding labor, on June 25 we announced that the Teamster International master contract received majority approval. We believe this agreement provides a fair competitive wage and benefit package that rewards our employees while also enabling UPS to remain competitive for the long run. UPS and the Teamsters have committed to address unresolved local supplements in UPS freight. The supplements cover specific geographic areas and include topics such as bidding and local area work rules. Until then, the current agreements remain in place, including UPS freight. The company and the Teamsters have agreed to contract extensions while we continue to discuss the remaining issues. Looking forward at the macro picture, though global economic expansion for the second half of 2013 is still expected, forecasts have been lowered in 10 of the 12 largest economies, including here in the U.S. One area the U.S. continues to struggle with is exports, especially to Europe. So UPS strongly supports the Transatlantic Trade Investment Partnership. This is a great opportunity for the U.S. and the E.U. to set the standard for trade pacts. Business cycles are creating short term challenges similar to those we have faced many times before. UPS still sees great growth prospects in B2C throughout the world, emerging markets, and healthcare solutions. In healthcare, for example, during the quarter we announced the opening of two new distribution facilities in Hangzhou, China and Louisville, bringing our total healthcare space to more than 6 million square feet worldwide. At UPS, the key to expanding operating profit is to adapt our integrated network and expand our portfolio to capitalize on changing market conditions. In a moment, David will provide details of several operational cost initiatives and growth opportunities, but first Kurt will take you through the financial results and updated guidance. Kurt?
Kurt Kuehn : Good morning everyone. As Scott noted, we faced several trends during the quarter that continued to impact revenue and operating profit growth. Total company revenue was $13.5 billion, on volume gains of 2.3%. A couple of weeks ago, UPS announced our second quarter results of $1.13 per share, slightly below our expectations. The profit of our forwarding business unit dropped significantly, and our international results were reduced as customers continued to choose lower yielding products. In addition, we lowered guidance for full year earnings per share to a range of $4.65 to $4.85, reflecting a 4% to 13% improvement for the back half of the year, as economists around the world reduced their outlook. Now lets review the segment results. U.S. domestic total revenue was up 2.3% on average daily volume growth of 1.9. Operating profit was flat with last year, and margin declined 40 basis points to 13.7%, as productivity improvements did not fully offset higher driver wage and benefit costs. Daily ground volume increased 2.3%, and deferred was up 1.4. Our next day air volume declined for the first drop in five quarters. Next day package volume gained slightly; however letter volume was down more than 5%. During negotiations, our ability to win new business was hampered. Even though we received a handshake early, we missed some opportunities and did experience some minor volume diversions. Our average revenue per package was relatively flat, and though we see consistent base rate improvements, lower fuel surcharges and changes in mix and package characteristics weighed on reported yields. Now for our international results. Total international revenue was up 1.6%, while operating margin contracted 40 basis points to 14.7. Operating profit was down slightly to $451 million. It was lowered by shifting customer preference for deferred products, especially out of Asia. Network and in-country cost reductions partially offset this revenue shortfall, and fuel and currency were also a drag of about $15 million more than we expected. Daily export shipments increased 5%, driven by gains from Asia and Europe which were somewhat offset by lower U.S. exports. Local day comparisons aided the growth rate by about 1.5%. Domestic products were up 5.1%, also aided by local day comparisons. The emerging market of Turkey led the way, with double digit growth, while Canada and Italy also had solid improvement. Currency neutral yields declined 2.8%, as our non-premium products like worldwide expedited and trans-border standard jumped by more than 10%, while our premium express products were flat compared to last year. Moving on to the supply chain and trade segment, our operating profit declined from the record levels achieved in the second quarter of 2012. Total revenue dropped 3.2% and operating profit was down more than 20%. Operating margin, though, still exceeded 7%. The decline in revenue and operating profit was primarily due to the forwarding business unit. UPS experienced double digit reductions in forwarding revenue, driven by lower demand for air freight forwarding from Asia. Revenue is heavily concentrated from large, high-tech shippers whose business is down significantly from last year. In addition, we did see large declines in the military sector. Reduced operating costs could not offset these headwinds. UPS is focused on diversifying our revenue base and David will tell you more about that in a moment. In our distribution business, revenue was up about 4%. Operating profit declined from last year, as a result of continued investment in healthcare infrastructure. The unit did generate a margin of approximately 8%. UPS freight revenue was $731 million, driven by LTL tonnage improvements and truckload revenue gains. Operating profit growth was relatively flat, as margin was negatively impacted by higher pension and healthcare benefit costs. Now lets review our financial strength. For the six months ended June 30, UPS generated $2.5 billion in free cash flow after capital expenditures of $990 million. So far this year, UPS has paid $1.1 billion in dividends, an increase of almost 9% per share. In addition, weve repurchased 21.8 million shares for approximately $1.8 billion. Note that our Q2 tax rate increased slightly to 35%, due to a higher mix of profits from the U.S. And we do expect that rate to be between 35% and 36% for the rest of the year. Speaking of guidance, earlier in July, we provided new full year expectations for earnings per share of $4.65 to $4.85. This is based on the anticipation that the market trends experienced during the second quarter will persist through the remainder of 2013. Our new range also reflects the latest forecasts for economic expansion, and as Scott indicated, 10 of the 12 largest economies are now expected to grow a little slower than originally thought. While we did bring down our numbers, its important to note that UPS still expects improvement. In fact, the midpoint of our range calls for about 8% earnings per share growth over the second half of 2012. Looking at the remainder of 2013 for the segments, in our U.S. domestic segment we expect daily volume will increase between 2% and 3%. Growth should get stronger as the year progresses, as we convert missed opportunities from earlier in the year. Revenue growth should be slightly higher than volume. Package characteristics and lower fuel surcharges will continue to mask a base rate improvement somewhat, and profitability will be up at a mid single digit base. For our international segment, in the beginning of the year we expect revenue and daily volume growth of approximately 4% to 5%. Yield improvement will be hampered by continued mix changes as well as commodity fluctuations. We expect currency to negatively impact profit comparisons by approximately $100 million. However, we anticipate operating profit improvement in line with our revenue growth of 4% to 5%. Third quarter operating profit expansion will be relatively flat, due to comparisons with last year. Looking at supply chain and trade for the remainder of the year, we expect revenue growth to be flat, with an operating margin of approximately 8%, driving mid single digit profit improvement. Before I turn things over to David, let me assure you UPS is focused on both our long term strategies and on making the necessary adjustments to adapt to current market conditions. Now David will take you through some of our key initiatives. David?
David Abney: Thanks, Kurt. I want to spend a few minutes discussing how UPS is adapting to the conditions that Scott and Kurt just identified in their opening comments. Economic cycles and consumer behaviors change, creating challenges and opportunities. The key to long term success is adapting our model to capitalize on these changes. This is something weve been doing for more than 100 years. It goes without saying that we have already identified overhead and discretionary cost reduction opportunities. I can assure you that I have an internal checklist of these items. But thats not all I want to discuss. Today Im going to provide insight into how UPS is making strategic changes to our network and portfolio to meet the evolving needs of the market. In our U.S. domestic operations, UPS is wrapping up technology implementations like Orion, which takes route optimization to a new level. To give you an idea of the scale of this project, we have assigned almost 500 people to this multiyear development. At the same time, were delaying some projects that dont deliver immediate results. Additionally, we have identified opportunities to move more premium volume over the road, taking advantage of more important capabilities and the UPS integrated network. To meet customer demand, we are leveraging our relationships with retail shippers to develop more sophisticated distribution models that better utilize their store inventory. The implementation of omnichannel fulfillment is still in the early stages, and were seeing great results, including B2B shipment growth. In our international business, margins do benefit from the adjustments we make to our global air network. Maximizing aircraft utilization has always been important. We have already cut our Asia capacity by about 20%, and we will continue to reduce truck routes and schedule frequencies, making adjustments from Asia to the U.S. and Europe, being mindful that we must remain nimble enough to react to surges in demand. Were making changes to address the risk and opportunities of a changing marketplace, expanding our presence in emerging markets with an array of solutions for customers. Notably, we expanded our worldwide expedited service to 145 new destinations and 60 new origins earlier this year. We now provide shippers in these emerging markets with an economical alternative to express shipping. To increase more premium revenue into our aircraft, we introduced UPS Worldwide Express Freight. This service offers shippers in key markets guaranteed, day-definite, door-to-door freight options. In the supply chain and freight segment, our primary focus is on the forwarding business unit. To better manage our purchase transportation, were implementing a system that optimizes buy rates to manage real time market conditions. Additionally, we are diversifying our revenue base to take advantage of the trade-down trends in the air freight forwarding market. UPS expanded our ocean freight capabilities, a business weve been in for over a decade. For example, we extended the reach of our ocean less than container load service to hundreds of new lanes around the world. UPS Preferred LCO service accelerates ocean shipments and has been expanded to several key markets in Europe. When customers seek less expensive freight options, UPS offers a complete portfolio of solutions. Also, across the entire supply chain and freight segment, we expect to reduce overhead and operating cost utilizing UPS technology. Given our long history of adapting to changing conditions in the actions I just reviewed, we are confident that we will deliver a solid second half in 2013 and beyond. Now, back to Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn : Great. Thanks, David, and hopefully you can see that we do have a wide array of both opportunities and initiatives in motion to address current conditions. And operator, Ill turn it over to you now and well take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays : I want to talk about your domestic growth. Last year you had pretty good traction with the new next day saver packages. We could see that in the numbers. But Im wondering if that at this point in time have you reached a saturated point in the market where that new premium offering has met a level where you cant drive much more share with that? And what are the type of innovative products that you can leverage the integrated network with relative to your competitor.
Kurt Kuehn : The major driver of the reduction in our next day air business for the quarter was a reduction in letters. The actual package business, which is more related to the B2C, and certainly the omnichannel, continued to grow moderately. But we did see a big decline in letters, and we do see some cycle there with refinancing dropping a bit, and also it certainly was impacted by some of the uncertainty in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James: Despite some of the slowing demand trends, or some of the markets where there may be a little bit of excess capacity, are you seeing any irrationality in pricing in any of your markets?
Kurt Kuehn : In general, I think the small package market remains rational. Clearly theres a desire for customers to trade down. Probably the one area that has the most volatility is in the freight forwarding arena, and most notably Asia. And Ill have Jim Barber comment a little bit on the trends there.
Jim Barber: I think thats right, Kurt. Obviously you look at the international segment. We feel very strong about the Europe piece of the business, and very solid. Foundations are good, pricing is rational. As the market capacity moves largely out of Asia, you get a lot of pressure through the network in pricing and capacity, with freighters coming out of the market and then belly space coming in. So weve got to manage to that, but in general the pricing position within UPS we feel very good about.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein:
 : You guys have been very successful in offsetting some of the international small package yield headwind from trade downs by managing up the air network utilization. I was trying to get a sense for what the level of utilization is right now in the trans-Pacific and how much more you might be able to offset ongoing yield headwinds if these trends continue.
Kurt Kuehn : Certainly, as David mentioned, were doing a lot of work on the network changes. So David, maybe lets start with you.
David Abney: Yeah, I think its an area weve done a great job with over the years in managing that balance, matching capacity to volume trends. In fact, since 2011, we have reduced our Asia capacity by 20%. And even this last quarter, from an international standpoint, with export volume up 5%, [block] hours were down 1.2%. That being said, though, its an ever-changing environment, and we have to watch it very closely. And for this next quarter, we plan to reduce from 8 to 7.5 truck routes out of Asia. We also are reducing one weekly frequency from Asia to Europe. But we also have the ability to plan in advance, and when we see days that are going to have less volume, we will shut down lanes for particular days of the week, which were having a lot of success with. So something that were actively managing.
Jim Barber: To add on to what David said, obviously internationally, I think if you look at the results over the years in our operating margin, the network has a big play into it, but the other factor that we believe we do very well in international is to manage our in-country operations. You can see that comes through in the margins. We feel like weve done it very well over the last couple of years as the economies have moved across the world. So its a balance of the network as well as our UPS leadership across the world to manage the in-country operations, and the results of that, I think, as you can see, is our international margin. So were pretty comfortable with that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan : I wanted to ask you a little bit more on the trade down. What do you think is timing, and I dont know if you have product launches in mind. Thats one thing with tech shippers, as you mentioned, on trade-down. But what do you think is potential timing where you would have some more evidence to say either were right that this trade down is cyclical or you say maybe its a bigger issue and its more persistent? Is that a couple of quarters out? How would you look at the visibility and timing for potential change in net trade down dynamic?
Scott Davis : I think Id start with the fact that clearly theres less need for speed in a soft global environment. And I think weve seen that, weve been in that environment, unfortunately, for a couple of years now. But I do think that what gets express going again is obviously innovative and high value goods. And as I said earlier in my comments, weve been in a trough. Well come out of that trough at some point in time in the future. For me to say its going to be two quarters or three quarters, Im not sure, but we know theres going to be product launches coming up, new innovation coming up. Were not done innovating new products. And when that happens, again, youll see the express product grow. Im not sure youll see express products grow as fast as you did 10 years ago, unless you get a strong global economy and good growth in global trade. But I do think the fact is, we talked five years ago about the fact that the next day market in the U.S., being a market that was going nowhere. Last two years, we grew that market faster than the ground. So again, I think we sometimes overreact on these things, and I do expect it will be back.
Kurt Kuehn : Yeah, and I think as David mentioned, were doing a lot of product innovation and expansion, both to increase the yield on our aircraft and add some new product capabilities in the lower arena. So maybe Alan, you can talk a little bit about the portfolio and how were adding products.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah, I guess first, Scott alluded to high-tech launches, and were certainly looking forward to some of the launches that should take place in late third, fourth quarter this year. Weve got a great portfolio there to help high tech companies with those launches. David talked about worldwide express freight. Its surpassing our expectations. Again, this is a new piece of the express market that weve entered, so were excited because theres a tremendous amount of upside for UPS there. And were also able to bundle that to win other express package. And then on the yield management side, again, David talked about the expedited expansion. Again, a couple of keys there is that utilizing our lower cost integrated network were able to utilize ground transport or standard ground network in Europe as well as our second day air and ground network in the United States to lower the cost and keep the packages off the planes. And one interesting note there is that 75% of the new volume were getting on those lanes are coming from shippers that never shipped on those lanes before. So its new business, and its not down trading from express.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch : Domestic margins took a bit of a downturn year over year. What was the growth of short post and how is the shift to sure post and ecommerce impacting margins? And how is that felt within the negotiations?
Kurt Kuehn : Ill take at least the pure growth part of that, and then Myron can talk a little bit about our productivity and other issues. But weve wrapped a lot of the ramp up of sure post. Its continuing to grow. Clearly B2C continues to outperform B2B in our portfolio, and were doing fine with that. The biggest issue, clearly, in the second quarter for domestic, was the slowdown of volume growth, below what wed expected. And Myron, clearly you guys are adapting to that.
Myron Gray : On the heels of slower growth than what we expected, when you look at the [wrap] of the basic product in the sure post, we were able to improve our operating margins by deploying sure post redirect. During the second quarter, on average we saw 17.5% of the packages that would have been delivered by the post office we were able to redirect our package delivery drivers, matching them up with other stops that were going to residences, which drove density. So well see continued expansion of our productivity and moving into the third quarter well try to hone those productivity improvements.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets : Can I dive a little bit more into your freight forwarding comments? The weakness that youre seeing, is it mainly a mix issue, volatile buy rates, volume? Really whats driving that deterioration in forwarding?
Jim Barber: Its all those together, quite frankly, and some of the comments we started with, we know that in our network right now were really concentrated in a couple of ways. The Asia lane is driving a lot of the growth historically. It concentrates in high tech, and Scott talked about some of the innovation trough. You heard some comments about military and defense. Weve had some of those movements going on across the world. So some of those pressures combine to where we are right now in the current quarter. But looking forward, as David said, were pretty confident. Weve been investing in freight. The UPS freight forwarding over the last couple of years. You mentioned, David, kind of a go-forward new piece of go-to-market on how were going to go to the procurement side of freight, so were comfortable that we can take that and continue the growth. And we also have to take a look at emerging markets. And quite frankly, we feel like the emerging market announcements weve had recently, as the trade patterns in the world move, is going to provide us great opportunity to match our network with that emerging market investment and continue to grow all of those together. And at the end, even in these tough times, the margins werent the worst youve ever seen, so were kind of holding those. Year over year comps arent the best, but at the end of the day, we still have some pretty strong margins in freight. We continue to keep going down that path and well manage them together.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee - Citi: Maybe a question just on the second half guidance, when you think about the 8% midpoint. Can you give us a little bit of some of the inputs and the expectations, I guess, for volume progression as you move throughout the year, that kind of gets you to that point? I guess maybe what Im asking is how much is it reliant on maybe a somewhat more normalized peak or some product launches that go on later on in the second half of the year?
Kurt Kuehn : You know, were not basing our guidance on any significant ramp up economically, as I think I mentioned. Were looking for basically a steady state economy, unexciting, a little underperforming, clearly, from where we thought it would be at the beginning of the year, but not radically down. We do expect the U.S. business to ramp up a bit as we ramp up some of the customers, perhaps, that got deferred or delayed during the negotiation period. So [cross talk] volume growth strengthen with Q4 clearly being stronger than Q3. On the international side, kind of steady as she goes on that. Clearly theres volatility in the air freight, but we feel pretty good that the core business is very strong. Europe continues strong. So no real unique shape to the rest of the year as far as economic conditions.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie : Just want to follow up on forwarding a bit. You talk about air freight overcapacity. Im wondering if you can talk about some of the moving parts. Are you seeing that in lower purchase transportation costs? Or maybe you have to then pass that through more quickly from a pricing standpoint? If you can help us think about how thats working on the air freight side, and then maybe a little color on ocean as well, please.
Kurt Kuehn : I think the major overcapacity in the forwarding is that its not so much on the dedicated cargo carriers, but the passenger airlines clearly have added capacity. And our real strategy, as Jim said, is to adapt so were as flexible as we can be to reflect buy rates. And then importantly, also, to develop a portfolio to help customers move up and down as much as we do in our package environment. So, you know, the forwarding market is volatile, and cycles happen quite a bit. We think were reacting accordingly and building a good base.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie : Any color, maybe, on the ocean side?
Kurt Kuehn : Ocean remains solid, and thats part of the reason were building and expanding for it, is were profitable in ocean and looking forward to growing it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank : In Davids remarks, you guys talked about moving from 8 to 7.5 truck routes. I think you were talking about the Asian market. And I think it was the first time you had given color around that. And I was kind of curious, as I frame up the international small package business, can you give us a sense of how much of that business stays on the ground as opposed to actually flying in either your owned or chartered aircraft? That would be helpful, I think, in terms of getting an idea of the profitability of the business.
David Abney: To just clarify, last quarter we were at 8 truck routes. And this quarter were moving to 7.5. And what that means is therell be some days that are, [end of the week], 8, and then there are other days that are 7. But these truck routes, of course, are the routes that are very important, connecting Asia to the U.S. and Asia to Europe.
Jim Barber: Clearly the issue, its more of a challenge for us coming out of Asia, where you fly the goods. When you hit the cross border in Europe, youre going to have to seek to move between air and ground, and that flexibility. But the challenge, for us, obviously, is when business slows down out of Asia, you fly it.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank : And so just framing up the back half of that question, in terms of the overall percentage of the international small package business that stays on the ground, any color around that?
Jim Barber: Most of that question really pertains to our European operations, because of the way weve been at it since we went over there in 1976. The network we built that is both trans-border air and ground allows us to essentially keep about 85% of what we pick up in Europe to stay in Europe. And its the customers choice. They can fly or they can put it on the ground. And the power of that network allows them to do both. So that kind of gives you a feel for the materiality of the European [unintelligible].
Scott Davis : And you know, Europe is over half our revenue in international, so its a big piece. And Canada is also a decent sized operation.
Alan Gershenhorn : I was just going to say that weve got a material business between the U.S. and Canada, and we just recently launched a ground business to Mexico, so we now have U.S. to Mexico standard, and Mexico to U.S. standard, which is, again, also exceeding our expectations in terms of growth.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan : Maybe just an update on the Teamsters negotiations and the contract status there. With the tentative deal on the package side, are you starting to see any of the domestic volumes come back more than you thought in the second quarter? And then on the LTL side, are you seeing any of the volumes start to go away given that you seem further away on the deal there?
Scott Davis : First of all, youre right. Weve got the national [master] agreement done, and the national master covers the important things on the package side, and covers the wages, the pension, and the health and welfare. We do have some supplements open that were working our way through. Were working with the Teamsters and our employees right now, and those issues, they generally involve work rules. Id say that, as weve said before, were really not seeing additional diversion or any diversion at this point in time. We missed some opportunities and as we negotiated it took us a while to put these new wins on board, to convert them. And I think well see that, and well see more in the third quarter, and well see more in the fourth quarter. So I dont see any more losses from that perspective. On the LTL side, weve got to finish that agreement. We do have an extension, which gives our customers a little bit of a calm feeling, because we have that extension. And Id say currently were really not seeing a lot of lost volume on the LTL side. We feel pretty good about it. We just need to get that agreement done.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley : Im wondering if you could comment on something that we get asked a lot, which is when we look at sort of what appears to us as a duopoly in the U.S. market, it seems somewhat surprising that we dont see more, I guess, stronger pricing power overall. And I realize theres always puts and takes and mix shifts and whatnot, but Im wondering if you can comment at all about how you think about the progression of this market. DHLs been gone for quite some time, so maybe talk a little bit about how you think about pricing.
Kurt Kuehn : First thing I have to do, I guess, is take issue with your framing that the market is a duopoly. Clearly this is a competitive market. The post office is a very large player in the ground business especially, and theres a number of regional players. In general, the pricing is rational in this industry, and thats one of the great elements, but I think some of the trends weve talked about do create some challenges and mask that. That goods are getting smaller and lighter. The average weights are down 2% to 3% typically year over year, and that theres been a transition of goods to some extent from business to business to business to consumer. So pricing remains rational. Its somewhat masked. Its sometimes hard for you guys to see all the moving parts, but if you factor out average weight and some of the other product changes, were still looking at core base rates of over 2%.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ben Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Hartford -Robert W. Baird : Im wondering if I can get some perspective on my choice and where you think that technology is as it relates to capturing B2C benefits, both in terms of volume and utilization in the network. Maybe just kind of framing where that product technology is and whether were on the front end or back end of realizing the benefits.
Alan Gershenhorn : First, Id say that were on the front end of that. We have over 3.3 million consumers signed up right now, and certainly by the end of the quarter we should approach or exceed 4 million enrollments. We have 54 million deliveries that have taken place, and about 14% of those deliveries the consumer actually takes action on them. So theres some real value being created there. Certainly on the cost side for us, were reducing our send against or making sure that more packages are being delivered on the first attempt. Just recently, we introduced the ability to upgrade your sure post packages to UPS ground, and thats also resonating well with our customers and exceeding our expectations. And were the only provider out there in the marketplace now that enables all residential services to have consumer day before visibility and ability to reroute or reschedule The other exciting thing is we just launched the UPS my choice Facebook app, and that enables a Facebook login and also my choice capability on Facebook. Its just out a couple of weeks, and we have 120,000 new users that have linked their UPS my choice or their myups.com to Facebook. So were excited about that. Were also listed as one of the top 10 Facebook apps right now. Just some other interesting stats, we have 3.6 million downloads now on our iPad, iPhone and Android apps, so a lot of traction with my choice. Also really resonating with retailers.
Kurt Kuehn : Right. So if you dont get it, were moving well on my choice, and if you guys havent signed up yet, youre missing a great service.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair : Thats a great transition here to my question, which is as you guys continue to get more B2C business, and youre able to leverage more off your drivers, even by rerouting from sure post into the regular ground network, whats that doing for your margins in that B2C business, and how much higher can that go as you continue to get more density and more business through those channels?
Kurt Kuehn : Yeah, I think Myron clearly will fill you in on the redirects, and also Orion. In general B2C is a bit more challenging, but through the innovation weve done, were finding ways to grow very profitably with B2C.
Myron Gray : In Davids opening comments, he addressed Orion, but before we go there, let me remind you that just last year we finished completion of deploying telematics in the U.S. So in the quarter, we were able to drive 1.6 million less miles on top of 1.9% volume growth. Now, a couple of on top of that. You talk about the 500 people that weve deployed with Orion, which is an on-road integrated optimization system that will allow us to reduce additional miles. Keep in mind that for every average mile reduced theres a $50 million savings to UPS. So we feel very confident that as we grow B2C volume, well deploy technology that will allow us to balance the cost. But as we get additional B2C, well also increase density, which obviously will help us improve margins.
Kurt Kuehn : Right, and I guess just to reinforce, the Orion is a major deployment thats going to take us 3 to 4 years to get fully rolled out. But it does create a very dynamic environment that allows us to do real time adjustments.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer : Could you speak to the back half guidance. What would be the two, or three, or four biggest swing factors to put you at the high end or the low end as you approach it?
Kurt Kuehn : Well, certainly the economic factors will be a big driver. I think in the domestic side, making sure that this nascent recovery continues, our success clearly on bringing in customers to accelerate the volume growth and then normal execution. Internationally, the product launches, I think, in late Q3, Q4, have a big impact on demand conditions. Although in Europe were plugging along pretty strong, we had growth upper single digits in Europe and continue to see that work as our integrated network differentiates. So biggest factors really would be the economic environment.
Scott Davis : Its our job to adapt to whatever we faced in the second half of the year. The team here will adapt to conditions. Kurt said in earlier comments that were assuming the same trends we saw coming out of the second quarter. Hopefully well get a little bit better, but well adapt to whatever we get.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse : I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how much you expect to improve profitability at the forwarding division once youre able to implement some of the initiatives that you were speaking about earlier.
Kurt Kuehn : We have given guidance that the overall supply chain and freight will have 8% margins for the remainder of the year. So clearly that represents a very solid margin and were comfortable that the actions were taking will get us to that point.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse : And is there a longer term expectation?
Kurt Kuehn : Weve not laid out exact numbers for that subsegment, but clearly if that sector is in the 8% to 10% margin over the long term, were generating economic profit and feel good. And then its just a matter of continuing to grow that sector.
Scott Davis : And we think international air freight is at a trough and its hard to imagine it getting much worse going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Not to beat the forwarding question over the head here. Im just trying to segregate whats more of a short term issue versus a long term issue. You mentioned weakness in the [tech] out of Asia, and you mentioned weakness in the military. How much of that do you believe is shorter term in nature or timing in nature versus how much do you think is more of a secular issue?
Jim Barber: Scott talked about the innovation trough in the beginning, so thats obviously a piece of the drag on the high tech sector. The military and the defense side, you know, you can see what happens across the world and whats going on with that. And I think our real opportunity is to reverse the concentration in what weve got. You know, weve been investing, for instance, in healthcare over the last couple of years, and we expand that footprint. Were going to go down the path here into emerging markets, which quite frankly in their early years of development as trade continues to grow. Thats really a freight need that they have to connect to the world, as opposed to in express products. So all of those provide great opportunities for UPS in the years to come, so were very comfortable. Were glad were in forwarding, and right now it is a bit of a trough. We hold the margins tight. We continue to invest, and well continue to grow it as UPS should.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus : UPS freight showed an increase in density with shipment volume up nicely in the quarter, and yields were up just a little bit, but margins, it said in the press release, declined slightly due to increases in compensation and benefit expense. Could you explain if thats anything out of the normal annual increase in wages and benefits? And then also why the increased density wouldnt have driven margin improvement?
Kurt Kuehn : Yeah, there was a bit of a tough comp to the previous year that gave us a little bit of a headwind. But Myron, maybe you could talk about some of the deployment of UPS technology into freight that should help us drive margins.
Myron Gray : Yeah, as Kurt noted, in the quarter, while we did see continued growth in revenue, we did see also continued abilities to attract additional market share, which boded well for us. However, with the increase in health and benefit costs, we were not able to improve margin expansion. We will continue to deploy customer-facing as well as operational technology. Customer-facing technology like pickup notification utilizes UPSs world ship, that gives our customers an hour timeframe of when theyll get the pickup. And well continue to deploy small package technology and freight to get additional operational improvement.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of Cowen Securities. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker - Cowen Securities : I just had a question on capital allocation and capital deployment. I know you guys are very committed to the dividend and the share repurchase program. And yet your share count is going down, your revenue growth is flat, and your earnings are going down. So can you just talk about your thoughts with respect to capital allocation within the context of slowing revenue growth environment?
Scott Davis : Clearly were committed to our distributions. Were committed to our dividends, were committed to our share repurchase, the numbers weve talked about in the past. But were also committed to reinvesting in the business. So we have a lot of opportunities out there right now for us to reinvest, particularly in areas of emerging markets. We talked about that a little bit earlier. Theres all kinds of opportunities in healthcare that were just tapping right now. And the B2C weve talked about throughout the call. Around the globe, theres a lot of opportunities for us to enable our customers growth in B2C. So we see plenty of ideas and plenty of opportunities to reinvest interest business.
Kurt Kuehn : And Helane, I cant let you get off the phone here without taking issue with you. I mean, were looking for profit growth in the next quarter and revenue growth, an 8% midpoint for profit growth. So we did hit a bit of a hiccup in the second quarter, but we feel very confident in both short term and the long term outlook for the company.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins - Stephens : Just to go back to your comments earlier about air freight capacity, as an operator of your own asset, Id be curious to hear your thoughts on the long term outlook for air freight capacity, especially given the influx of passenger belly space weve seen over the last several years. Id just like to hear your broader thoughts on the capacity situation, both over the next 12 months and the next 3 to 5 years.
[David Abney]: I think, the first thing, you certainly hit it right. Whats increased the capacity has been the belly space and all of the passenger airlines and aircraft that have been added. What you are seeing us do, and other people in our marketplace, is to watch very closely the trade lanes and to make sure that we deploy those assets to match the volume in those trade lanes. So when we need to pick up the lift in certain areas, quickly you deploy that aircraft and then on the other hand, when we need to pull back, we still can effectively do that. One of the things thats unique, I think, to our company right now is we have not ordered any aircraft after the 767s that were receiving this year. So that gives us some time to just hold firm and see whats going to go on in the marketplace in the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar : You mentioned the double digit revenue declines in forwarding, and Scott, Ive heard you say in the past, [its all trade on board]. Id like to ask you to comment on volume shifts, namely DC customers who shifted to air in the past, diverting all the way down to ocean. Or are you seeing shippers simply shipping fewer shipments? And as a corollary, are you margin neutral on these modes? Or does slower ocean demand fewer UPS resources?
Scott Davis : Lets let Alan answer that. I think clearly were probably seeing all the above, but Alan will take a shot.
Alan Gershenhorn : Yeah, were seeing some of our customers look for solutions that move the air freight to ocean. Certainly there are certain products that Scott talked about earlier in terms of innovation and high value that just dont fit that mode. You know, we recently introduced, and David talked about, our preferred ocean LTL, which is really a combination of our ocean move and then using our integrated network to expedite those moves once they hit the destination, say in the U.S. here, where weve got some nice margins on that. Thats obviously higher than regular ocean, and it speeds up the time in transit to faster than ocean, but still somewhat slower than air freight. And thats been boding low for us.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar : About the margins, is ocean more or less attractive to you compared to air?
Kurt Kuehn : In the short term, if weve got premium volumes sitting in an aircraft, theres a higher incremental impact. Its harder to adjust, especially flights out of Asia, than it is other integrated areas. Over the long term, we are very profitable in ocean. In fact, we have major investments to help supplier management and to help accelerate ocean. So were building the portfolio, classic UPS approach, and well make sure that the margins are appropriately compensatory for the investment.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Campbell of Thompson Davis & Company. Please go ahead.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Company: I dont want to overdo it on forwarding, but I havent heard, unless I missed it, how much forwarding air freight tonnage was down in the second quarter.
Kurt Kuehn : It was down a little over 10% in the quarter. And as we said before, the military was a big piece of that. And that was certainly a very volatile group as movements happen. And then the core underlying weakness also in high tech drove that.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein : Kurt, I was just wondering if you could maybe give us a sense for what the right level of maintenance capex should be on the airline side once you lap the new aircraft deliveries in this coming year.
Kurt Kuehn : Weve got the youngest fleet in the industry, so at least the day to day maintenance is pretty minimal. But yeah, we think in general, depreciation is a reasonable representation of maintenance capex. As David said, were not real long on aircraft right now. Were bringing in a couple more 767s this year, and then the fleets in great shape. And well be flexible and decide what happens from there. But we feel really good about our capital position, very few capital commitments and great cash flow for the company going forward. And the depreciation, we think, really represents a pretty good shot at what maintenance capex is.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Mr. Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan : Just following up on those comments about free cash should be really good the next couple of years. What prevents you from being even more aggressive with the buyback or the dividend? Because the stock is up so far this year, youre above a 3% yield, youve got $6 billion of cash, you used to run the business with closer to a billion of cash. Why not be more aggressive?
Kurt Kuehn : We have, you know, a policy that we manage to fairly steadily, Scott, as you know, of just [targeting] approximately 100% of net income in the form of either dividends or share repurchases. This year we are more aggressive with a stated target of $4 billion in share repurchases, partially to catch up for last year, where we held back as we accumulated cash. But we think a steady programmatic approach is the best way to do it. We do buy it back and retire the shares that we commit, and so I think investors can count on a programmatic approach that is understandable and foreseeable. And at least for now that makes a lot of sense. Clearly if markets get crazy, weve got the cash if we want to become more aggressive in share repurchase. But right now were very comfortable with our current approach.
Scott Davis : As I said earlier, I think that even though its a slow growth global economy, we see a lot of opportunities to reinvest in ideas we have out there.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question for the day will come from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie : I just wanted to change gears and see if you could talk a little bit about the B2B side of things. You know, what youre seeing from perhaps a stabilization or when you think that maybe youll see growth reaccelerate, and how the omnichannel might fit into that. So maybe any color you could give on B2B would be helpful.
Kurt Kuehn : Yeah, we did reference in our earlier a little bit of a slowing in the industrial base. So we saw some drag there. But Alan, maybe you could talk about whats happening in the retail sector?
Alan Gershenhorn : Certainly your comment about omnichannel, that certainly does create B2B shipments. Were really excited about helping brick and mortar retailers provide an omnichannel experience for their consumers that obviously merges the online with the brick and mortar. Were finding that theres a lot of customers out there, consumers, that want to order online and ship to store. Were also enabling our retailers with our technology to be able to drop orders to their stores and ship to other stores, or ship directly to consumers, which is a win-win-win for UPS, the retailer, and the consumers, because the consumers are getting faster fulfillment of their orders. The retailers getting it at cost-effective rates, and obviously were getting new business. Weve got probably about 25 retailers that are engaged with us today on that, and its resonating well with them. The other thing that I would just add is the one driver really resonates well with the retailers, because obviously the store personnel needs to stay focused on the in-store consumers, and using our technology and one driver to pick up all the air and ground and deliver all the air and ground keeps those employees on track.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie : And do you think that this omnichannel driving that can lead to a stabilization in the B2B volumes any time soon?
Alan Gershenhorn : Yeah, I think certainly its going to help grow B2B. Obviously you wouldnt have thought in the past that the B2C or online would generate B2B, but youre finding more and more that the folks are getting packages delivered to their work, delivered to stores. We certainly have our Kiala UPS access point model in Europe, with 8,000 access points for consumers. Many consumers are preferring to pick up those packages at businesses versus at home. So yeah, were excited about the prospects of a more balanced B2C market or online ecommerce market that generates more B2B than it has in the past.
Scott Davis : Kelly, in the second quarter, if you watched the economic statistics, the inventories got liquidated, so inventories are at a pretty low level right now. And U.S. exports were really weak orders. So both those two areas should really help B2B going forward to get back to normal.
Operator: That does conclude our Q&A session for the day. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Andy Dolny for closing remarks.
Andy Dolny: Im going to turn it over to Scott for some final thoughts.
Scott Davis : Thanks for doing this today. First let me say that I am quite confident UPS will achieve the goals that we discussed today. And thats despite a slower economic growth forecast and the trade down were experiencing. I want to reiterate the comments I made on Helanes question. I really cant remember a time in my 28 years at UPS when we had more opportunities in front of us. Opportunities like the omnichannel in the U.S. retail that weve just been talking about, market share expansion in the fast-growing emerging markets, healthcare solutions to assist an aging population, and UPS enabling global B2C business growth around the globe. Lots of opportunities ahead of us. Thanks for joining us today.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Kurt Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Alan Gershenhorn - Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales, Marketing and Strategy Daniel Brutto - Senior Vice President and President of UPS International Myron Gray - President of U.S. Operations David Abney - Chief Operating Officer of UPS International
Analysts: Brandon Oglenski  Barclays Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Alex Johnson - JPMorgan Arthur Hatfield  Raymond James  Ken Hoexter  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Jeff Kauffman  Sterne Agee Christian Wetherbee  Citi Justin Yagerman  Deutsche Bank Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Benjamin Hartford Robert W. Baird Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company Peter Nesvold - Jeffries & Company Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimerk Helane Becker - Cowen Securities
Operator: Good morning. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, UPS treasurer and investor relations officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Scott Davis, our CEO, and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, along with Chief Operating Officer David Abney, International President Dan Brutto, President of U.S. Operations Myron Gray, and UPS Chief Sales and Marketing Officer Alan Gershenhorn. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties which are described in detail in our 2012 Form 10-K report. This report is available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the quarter, we reported a $36 million after tax net gain related to our attempted acquisition of TNT. This is made up of two components, a $213 million after tax currency gain from the liquidation of a foreign subsidiary and a $177 million after tax charge for the termination fee and other transaction-related costs. These adjustments resulted in an after tax benefit of $0.04 per share. Ignoring the impact of this gain, diluted earnings per share for the first quarter were $1.04. In our remarks today, we will refer to UPS first quarter 2013 results excluding these one-time items. We believe this is the most accurate picture of the company's performance.  Reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures and free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, are included in the schedules that accompany our earnings new release.  These schedules, along with the webcast of todays call, are available on the UPS investor relations website. Finally, as a reminder, our goal is to allow as many as possible to participate on todays call. We werent able to do that last quarter. So, please ask only one question, and then get back in the queue. And, for those of you who like five-part questions, dont be surprised when we select which part to answer. Thanks for your cooperation. Now, let me turn it over to Scott.
Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy, and good morning. We entered 2013 in an environment of global uncertainty, yet confident in our strategies and ability to execute. UPS delivered another quarter of growth, reflecting the management discipline and earnings consistency you have come to expect.  The U.S. domestic business continues to expand margins, a testament to the ability of our integrated network and operations technology to serve the fast-growing B2C market profitably. We continue to raise the bar, differentiating our service in unique ways. Just last week we deployed a new enhancement to UPS My Choice, allowing our 3 million subscribers to upgrade to UPS Ground from Surepost, increasing their visibility and improving time in transit. Although the international supply chain and price segments are facing macro challenges, we are adapting our strategies to keep UPS on the path to long term growth. In emerging markets, B2C and industry specific solutions like healthcare have enormous potential and UPS continues to invest in them. For example, during the quarter UPS became the first global express delivery company to have wholly owned operations in Vietnam, a dynamic, export-oriented economy. This investment reflects our growing commitment to emerging markets, which will generate the bulk of global growth in coming decades. In addition, leveraging the [unintelligible] business to retail model, we launched UPS access point locations in the U.K. to better serve the growing European B2C market. We expect 1,500 locations there by the end of the summer. Continuing this B2C strategy, in May we will begin recruiting partner stores in Germany, and expect to have more than 2,000 by the end of the year and more than 4,000 by the end of 2014.  And most recently, we announced the acquisition of the medical logistics company CEMELOG. We expect the transaction to close in June. It will add about 250,000 square feet of dedicated healthcare space in Budapest, Hungary, and enable UPS to further offer customers expanded access to regional expertise, reaching new patient populations. This is yet another piece of the comprehensive capabilities we are building for our healthcare customers across Europe and the world.  While expanding capabilities, UPS also remains dedicated to collaborating with policy leaders around the world to promote global trade and support our customers growth initiatives. For example, in the important U.S. to Canada trade lane, the recently increased customer ceiling for low value shipments will enable faster clearance of goods. Also, talks were launched on a transatlantic trade and investment partnership, an opportunity to increase trade between the U.S. and E.U. member states. UPS sees the strengthening of this relationship as a way to improve U.S. and European economies. Speaking of economies, although the U.S. economy is poised for growth, it has been restrained somewhat by the tax increases and sequestration implemented during the first quarter. This will be a drag on 2013 GDP expansion, with current expectations for about 2% growth. However, we expect the small package market to grow faster than the economy. Around the globe, the Euro Zone remains sluggish, but UPS volume continues to show steady growth, again outperforming the economy. In Asia, uncertainty has increased. After a strong fourth quarter, Chinas GDP and industrial production growth appear to have slowed a bit.  Regardless of the mixed economic recovery, you can be sure that UPS will remain focused, execute our strategy, and deliver consistent results. As I wrap up, there are a few items I want to address related to our most important assets, our people. First, representing all UPSers, I want to extend my sincere gratitude to Dan Brutto, president of UPS International, who is retiring after 38 years of service. Under Dans leadership, weve introduced innovative services and technologies to help solve the needs of our customers. His contributions will have a lasting impact on future generations of UPSers. Dan, we wish you well in retirement. The international business will be in good hands with Dans replacement, Jim Barber. Jim began his UPS career in 1985, and has been a senior executive on the international management team since 2004. Most recently, he served as president of UPS Europe. Continuing on the topic of dedication and service, in March UPS demonstrated our commitment to the mission of supporting those that serve our country. UPS already employs about 25,000 veterans and members of the National Guard and Reserve. As a result of our participation in the Joining Forces program, there are 25,000 more American veterans whom we plan to make UPSers over the next five years. Lastly, I want to provide an update on our labor negotiations. UPS and the Teamsters have made significant progress. We have resolved the most important issues in the contract, and are optimistic that well reach a deal very soon. We are eager to move forward, working in unison with all our employees to deliver unique, innovative products and services that help our customers prosper and enable UPS to deliver superior and consistent results. With that, Ill turn it over to Kurt to cover the financials.
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, Scott, and good morning everyone. The first quarter exemplifies how the UPS business model delivers earnings growth in a mixed global economic environment. The U.S. domestic business continued to perform well, while the international and supply chain side effects faced some challenges. Lets review our results by segment. In the U.S. domestic, January started out of the gate fast, with the post-holiday season fueling first quarter results. Strong demand for UPS Ground products led to daily package volume growth of 4.4%, increasing operating profit 9% and expanding operating margin by 70 basis points. As expected, we did experience increases in pension and healthcare costs, although this quarter they were mostly offset by reduced workers compensation expense, the result of ongoing improvements in our safety programs.  UPS results continue to be lifted by ecommerce, as omnichannel strategies are playing a bigger role. And increased focus by traditional retailers on using their brick and mortar locations as distribution sites is creating more pickups at retail locations for ultimate residential delivery. As we noted last call, B2C growth and differentiated products like our returns portfolio produced surprisingly strong January volume levels. However, daily package growth for the remainder of the quarter came in pretty much as forecasted. Revenue in the U.S. segment increased 3.3%, with balanced daily package growth across all products. UPS base rate pricing remains consistent and in line with our long term objectives, although its not fully apparent in our reported yields.  The ground revenue per piece increase of 1.5% reflects the continuing trend of higher growth in both our lighter weight B2C products and our returns portfolio. Air revenue per piece was impacted by reduced fuel surcharges and changes in both product and customer mix, but overall the U.S. domestic is adapting successfully to the explosive growth in ecommerce. Through the use of proprietary technology, systems can now seamlessly merge UPS Surepost packages with other UPS packages at the point of delivery. This and other enhancements like UPS My Choice are helping to expand margins and at the same time empowering consumers with tools to better manage their incoming shipments. Now lets cover international. Export volume per day grew nearly 4% in the quarter. Asia exports were up about 8%, European exports increased about 3%, while the U.S. was up just slightly. On a currency neutral basis, export yields, down 2.5%, continue to be pressured by lighter weight packages and an increased reliance on non-premium products.  We expected operating profit to be flat year over year. However, currency and fuel created a headwind of about $30 million as we ended the quarter $17 million below last year. As expected, comparisons were negatively affected by the timing of Easter, resulting in fewer local operating days on a year over year basis. In order to address current conditions, we are implementing a number of programs to bring in country costs in line with yield growth, generating positive operating leverage.  In the UPS Air network, past changes weve made provided benefits. During the first quarter, our international block hours were down 2.5%, although our exports grew by 4%. We also responded to customers needs with air service enhancements in Panama and Malaysia. And keep in mind the UPS network efficiency is a long term trend. In fact, since 2008, international volume has grown significantly while block hours have remained flat.  Moving on to the supply chain and freight segment, frankly it was a tough quarter. Revenue grew just 1%, as increases in UPS freight and distribution were nearly offset by a decline in forwarding. Profit in the segment was down $23 million, although we did maintain a respectable operating margin of 6.5%. Keep in mind that last year we did have a very strong quarter and benefited from the sale of a surplus facility. As a result of overcapacity, the forwarding market remains under pressure, especially in the trans-Pacific trade lanes. UPS Asia air freight tonnage and yields were down and we had an overall 9% decline in revenue. Cost containment and growth in our ocean business could not make up this shortfall. In the distribution business, UPSs integrated services, global reach, and specialized capabilities supported a revenue increase of about 10%. The healthcare segment remains a growth engine, although margin expansion was limited by the deployment of technology and investments in infrastructure, including new healthcare facilities in both North America and Europe. At UPS Freight, shipment and yield growth, combined with productivity improvements, helped grow profits and expand margins. However, profitability in this business unit is still not where wed like it to be. Now lets review our financial strength. UPS generated $1.4 billion in free cash flow this quarter, after capital expenditures of $453 million. In the quarter, we paid $572 million in dividends, an increase of almost 9% per share. In addition, we repurchased 12.2 million shares for approximately $1 billion. In February, reflecting confidence in our cash outlook, the board of directors reauthorized UPSs share repurchase program for $10 billion, and we are on track to achieve our target of $4 billion for 2013. We anticipate an average share count of about 952 million shares for the second quarter. Lastly, lets discuss guidance. Even though there are some mixed economic signals, we are reaffirming our full year guidance for earnings per share of $4.80 to $5.06. As youve just heard, the first quarter results were a little better than wed expected, due to the strong January in the U.S. domestic segment. However, we anticipate that that benefit will be pretty much offset going forward due to the negative trends in global freight markets. As a result, in supply chain and freight, we are reducing our full year guidance for revenue, and are now expecting low to mid single digit growth. We anticipate operating margin of approximately 8%. To give you some shape on the second quarter, we expect low single digit earnings per share growth. In the U.S. domestic segment, operating margin and profit should be relatively flat, due to the continued headwind from pension expense and the significant benefit last year from the fuel surcharge lag. Keep in mind, as we get beyond the second quarter, we expect profit growth and margin expansion in the segment. In supply chain and freight, we expect operating profit will, most likely, be down on a year over year basis, but for international, we anticipate both profit growth and margin expansion over last year, as we see some pull through from our continued network optimization and in country initiatives.  So to wrap it up, UPS will continue to work hard and adapt, demonstrating the power of our business model across a wide range of economic conditions and changing market dynamics. Therefore, were maintaining our guidance and anticipate full year earnings per share to grow 6% to 12% over 2012. With that, wed now like to open the call up for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Brandon Oglenski  Barclays: I wanted to ask about your domestic profitability and how, even with the change in UPS My Choice, being able to ship Surepost packages to your ground network, how is that increasing the efficiency for you guys and the profitability outlook for the segment?
Kurt Kuehn: The My Choice is kind of a win-win situation. Its a positive for customers in that it gives them control, and its a positive for our operation, because it allows us to pre-notify customers that packages are arriving. Myron, maybe you can talk a little bit about how thats helping operations. 
Myron Gray: In a previous call, we talked about how technology has continued to enable us to adapt and adjust and keep strong margins. One recent one that we spoke about was residential consolidation, where in the fourth quarter we were able to adjust and approximately 15% of our Surepost packages were then redirected with a UPS driver, which certainly enhanced our customer experience and allowed us to continue reduce cost.
Kurt Kuehn: So well be continuing to leverage technology to both delight customers and maintain our economic profitability. 
Scott Davis : The real focus there is just increasing density, and were doing a very good job of increasing density on the B2C.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Kurt or Scott, maybe you could just touch on the type of trends youre seeing, particularly on the international package side in April?
Scott Davis : Id say generally the international package volume flows have picked up in the fourth quarter last year and really carried through the first quarter, and we expect some of the same going forward the rest of the year. The big change in the middle two quarters last year we had negative trade flows.  This year were seeing, we think, global trade growing faster than global GDP. And we saw both in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter strong growth out of Asia, upper single digit growth, both to the U.S. and to Europe. So those trade flows were very weak last year. Theyre better this year.  So on the package side, we feel pretty good. The international air freight side, while the tonnage is growing slightly, still way too much capacity, and the yields are weak.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Alex Johnson - JPMorgan: Good morning, its Alex Johnson on for Tom. So congratulations on the healthcare acquisition. Just was curious if you can give us an update maybe pro forma, you talk a lot about healthcare. What is the mix of healthcare in your business and kind of what is the growth rate that we should be thinking about?
Kurt Kuehn: Weve seen healthcare in aggregate grow double digits now really for the last several years, since we targeted this in an initiative. One of the things we like most about healthcare is that it does fully utilize really the entire breadth of the company.  On the distribution side, weve got 1 million square feet of healthcare compliant space. Weve developed healthcare compliant forwarding with cold chain capabilities and re-icing at airports and all kinds of good stuff. And then our world-class small package network with things like delivery intercept and proactive notification, we can maintain high quality oversight. And even our UPS Freight group has benefitted from it.  So its a very diverse and broad set of products, and thats one of the things that keeps us so excited about it, is it allows us to bring the entire breadth of the company for customers benefit.
Scott Davis : We see really the next 10 years growth similar to the last 10 years. And CEMELOG really is just another piece of the puzzle thats going to help us in Central and Eastern Europe. Were very excited about it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Art Hatfield of Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Arthur W. Hatfield  Raymond James: Just a real quick one. Kurt, in your guidance, you had commented on a bunch of different things, but I thought I heard you say that you expected low single digit growth in EPS in Q2. Did I mishear that? And if so, can you correct me, what I should have heard?
Kurt Kuehn : Right. No, we do think the second quarter will show profit growth, but it will be in the low to mid-single digits. The internationals we said we expect to see a good strong bounce back. Supply chain is still facing some challenges. And theres a bit of a year over year comp issue on the domestic side, where second quarter of last year, on the domestic side, we had some benefits, variable comp reductions and some of those things. But in general, were still cranking along just fine. We just wanted to give you guys a little bit of the quarter to quarter shape. 
Scott Davis : We had a fuel benefit last year too in the second quarter, right?
Kurt Kuehn : Yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Ken Hoexter  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Kurt, I have one question, but 12 parts.
Kurt Kuehn : That gives me lots of choices then.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : You were talking about the growth of ecommerce, and a lot of announcements about same-day deliveries from some of these etailers, or the potential of it. Maybe you can address the potential for UPS to participate in that market, or if youve got trials or anything.
Scott Davis : Ill start it off and then maybe let Alan kick in. But we certainly have experimented with this, with certain customers. I think thats what it is right now, an experiment, trying it out. Im not sure yet the economic feasibility is going to be there for this to be a big service ongoing. But Al, you may want to dig into that a little bit? 
Alan Gershenhorn: Yeah, I think same-day is really going to be a niche offering thats out there. The real story is about omnichannel. Weve got about 25 or more major retailers that are either using or moving to the UPS omnichannel solutions.  And its really about leveraging UPSs shipping and visibility technologies. It helps enable a seamless connectivity between the retailers website, the fulfillment warehouses, the brick and mortar stores, and the consumers and returns. For the retailer, it enables inventory optimization and less markdowns, and for the consumers, it enables faster click to deliver times and greater access to retailer inventory and a broader variety.  So thats really one of the big stories thats driving ecommerce and why customers are coming to UPS. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Christopher Ceraso of Crdit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse: Im wondering if you guys are having any issues with the FAA and air traffic control disruptions because of sequestration. Is that having productivity impact on your U.S. business at all?
Scott Davis : Well have David respond on that.
David Abney: You know, so far its had very limited impact, and we have been working with the FAA and working with the Department of Homeland Security to make sure that continues. We do disagree with furloughing of the air traffic controllers, and we also disagree on certain closing of night operations. We think there are more efficient ways that they can cut cost that will not impede commerce. And I think that more and more people are agreeing with that as we go through.
Scott Davis : It sounds like maybe some breakthroughs overnight too, so hopefully well see some corrections on that in the near term.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein: When you think about the capital budget kind of looking forward from here, what types of projects are you guys prioritizing either internally or from an organic perspective? What should we be thinking about from a uses of capital outside of the increased buyback going forward? 
Kurt Kuehn : Clearly our top priority for capital deployment is to grow the business. As you know, our physical capabilities, our aircraft are in great shape, and we have limited need for replacement assets. So were very focused on growth capital. You saw some examples of that in our announcement with the purchase of the CEMELOG healthcare company, so thats our top priority, and were going to be opportunistic around the world really to build the platform in emerging markets and other areas.
Scott Davis : I think emerging markets is an area were going to invest in. You saw us buy our partnership out in Vietnam, were 100% owned in the Vietnam in the quarter. Theres more opportunities like that as we go forward. And like the previous question, global B2C gives us lots of opportunities. Well see areas where we can make investments and new acquisitions to help enhance that product.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie: Just wondering if you can give us some color on the scenarios [unintelligible], the high versus the low end of guidance, and maybe what youre thinking about from a macro backdrop to get you to one end or the other for the full year?
Kurt Kuehn : Certainly the overall global economic environment will be a huge driver of it. Domestically, were fairly confident that the U.S. economy will be stable, if unexciting. Internationally, the trade flows have been very volatile, and so we have to stay attuned to that. So I think the broad economic environment would be the biggest single driver of the variability, although the other is certainly the attitude of the consumers as B2C becomes a bigger part of our business. Then growth in that environment becomes increasingly important.
Scott Davis : I think the way we talked about it earlier too is international air freight market, while the percentage is growing slightly, wed like to see that get more balanced with capacity. Dan, you may talk about it. Its a challenging market right now.
Daniel Brutto: Yeah, right now, certainly out of Asia, theres more capacity, so customers are taking advantage of obviously spot rates. I think we still have the best option for our customers in that we can move some of that freight into our own aircraft to fully utilize. And right now certainly our margins are up because were fully utilizing our aircraft. Were still running a 13.1 margin in the difficult marketplace, and thats primarily internationally, because of the utilization of our own aircraft in this hybrid model where we can move in our forwarding business when we need space on our aircraft and move it back when the market expands.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Sterne Agee. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Kauffman  Sterne Agee: I want to follow up on an earlier question. Youre announcing a healthcare acquisition every other quarter. We talked a little bit about Kiala in the beginning of the quarter. Could you help put together the whole mosaic for us in terms of what youre doing in Europe, what youre doing in healthcare, and kind of what the bigger picture looks like down the road in terms of how this helps drive shareholder value and earnings?
Scott Davis : I think those are two of the big areas that were going to continue to expand in. We know the global B2C market is going to grow at a ferocious pace for the next couple of decades. And theres just lots of opportunities. The U.S. is leading the way. And certainly were leading the way with answers to that marketplace with My Choice and other offerings. But Europe, the percentage of business thats B2C is starting to grow. Asia will grow at a very fast pace.  So we just need to put together the pieces of the puzzle to fill out the customer needs. And were doing that, were doing that in the U.S. We did it with Kiala in Europe. Were taking some of the Kiala applications to other places around the world, and well utilize that. So lots of opportunities. Dan?
Daniel Brutto: Yeah, I would say on the whole healthcare, were building out primarily on the backs of our customers that are forcing us into other areas of the world, and CEMELOGs a great example of that. Many of our large multinational healthcare customers have requested certainly that we get into areas such as Central and Eastern Europe. We also opened up in Australia. Im going to be at a ribbon cutting for a building later this month in [Hang Jo], China.  So as our healthcare expands throughout the world, we will follow where our customers needs are. Many of those needs are in emerging markets and certainly well set up a platform to serve them around the world in those areas.
David Abney: And you know with the acquisition of CEMELOG, we now have over 6.5 million square feet dedicated to healthcare and that is spread out throughout the world.
Scott Davis : And were in the early innings in that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi. Please go ahead. 
Christian Wetherbee  Citi: Maybe quick question on B2B. Just kind of curious how B2B volumes trended during the quarter. What do you think about the outlook for the rest of the year? Do you see that coming back at all as you move out into the second half of 2013? 
Kurt Kuehn : B2B volume remains fairly sluggish, and so thats an area that clearly we are hopeful that the industrial base of the U.S. catches fire a little more. We think there are some fundamentals. The other thing we are seeing is that the omnichannel that Alan referred to actually, when its done well, does drive B2B volume. Because in effect your forward stocking inventory in the stores has to be replenished. It shrinks shipment sizes, and so the state of the art retailers are now actually doing more frequent deliveries to stores to keep inventories balanced. 
Scott Davis : And the segments we saw the growth in the last couple of quarters were retail and [fire] and some healthcare. And manufacturing we think that for B2B primarily it has been weak and still negative. And even though we see a Renaissance in manufacturing coming in the U.S., its not quite there yet.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Justin Yagerman  Deutsche Bank:  You referenced ecommerce returns in the release, and just wanted to get a sense of how that business is growing, and really how the economics compare to the original leg of that trip. Is it better? Worse? When you think about the final mile, obviously the customer is bringing that to you, so I would think that there might be better economics there, but just kind of curious how you guys think about that.
Kurt Kuehn : It is certainly an area that were very focused on. Weve invested a lot of money and technology to create a very comprehensive set of solutions for retailers. Alan, maybe you could talk a little bit about it.
Alan Gershenhorn: As you heard earlier, the vast majority of our growth was driven by ecommerce in the first quarter. And easy returns are obviously an important part of driving consumers to shop online at a retail website. And weve got a very robust portfolio that provides maximum efficiency, visibility, and control for the retailer. And returns are essentially, like you said, a B2B move thats created by B2C. Most of the time, these returns are dropped off by the consumer at a UPS drop box or at a UPS store, so you have very dense pickups and then you obviously have very dense deliveries back to the retailers. And I would just add that our returns are up about 10% year over year in the first quarter.
Scott Davis : As you know, Justin, dense is good. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of William Greene of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to follow up on Scott, some of the comments you made on working with some of these ecommerce retailers on same-day delivery. Some of the questions I get asked, though, are whether these same retailers are going to try to build a network that doesnt incorporate the current parcel carriers in ways that they could actually end up being a competitor. Can you just comment, how do you think about that risk? And how do you address it?
Scott Davis :
 :
Alan Gershenhorn: Ill just say that maybe even to the earlier question about what were doing with B2C and retail and healthcare, weve got a very focused strategy on the industry segments where were seeing most of the growth in the opportunity, and certainly the retail and healthcare are two of those. So were very focused on creating solutions for both brick and mortar and etail only retailers out there. On this whole omnichannel, getting back to that, what the retailers really like about the UPS solution, in addition to the networking of the technology for shipping and visibility at all their stores, is the one driver pickup. UPS can come in there at the end of the day, or really any time during the day or evening, and pick up all their ground, air, and their Surepost packages and provide, in the local area, next-day delivery for them. So we do think weve got a real advantage there.
Kurt Kuehn : I think Alan highlights it there. We think the real issue will become more next-day fulfillment rather than same-day. Although clearly we will help customers do whatever they need.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Benjamin Hartford of Baird. Please go ahead. 
Benjamin Hartford Robert W. Baird:  Can you guys maybe provide a little bit of perspective on the weakness and the declines in the tonnage market that we see within freight forwarding and the weakness out of Asia thats expected relative to the growth of 8% in the international package segment, specifically the daily export volume growth? The divergence has been there several quarters, but Im just wondering if theres anything specific to what you guys are doing thats causing that divergence. Are you parcelizing more freight, putting it into the export volume market? Is there something else going on that would help characterize that discrepancy?
Daniel Brutto: First, I would say that theres overcapacity out of the market primarily in Asia because of the [belly] space that the 777s have allowed, so youve now got upsized newer planes that have belly space. So at this stage of the game, that would be one issue. That would describe kind of the price pressure.  The second issue is that manufacture out of Asia is not what it was. Things are lighter, so theres not as much freight. Last year, if I look at comps last year, there was a couple of big releases on the technology side that drove up freight. Those releases did not occur in the first quarter of this year. Going forward, we think that thats probably going to continue for the short and medium term.  On the other hand, an area that doesnt have overcapacity is ocean, and our ocean business is very robust. In fact, on the [less than a] container load, that business is up over 26%. For the first quarter we added 300 more destinations as of February. So we think that thats certainly not going to make up the variance in international air freight, but we think that thats a good product that we put in the market.  So all in all, we think that its going to be a little rocky road for at least the next quarter in international air freight until the manufacturing gets back and the capacity in the marketplace gets back to more normal. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company. Please go ahead. 
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Just to follow up on that question, and I think thats kind of a provoking thing, a little bit longer term. Certainly, like you say, the manufacturers kind of a little bit weak, and a lot of thats probably tied to consumption near term. But longer term, how do you think about the international air freight market in terms of how much of the pressure today is cyclical versus secular in terms of how far down the curve are we on these lower package weights, or the ship from air to ocean, or just a change in behavior as it relates to maybe some U.S. [near shoring]. Just kind of wanted to get your bigger picture thoughts on where we stand with all that.
Daniel Brutto: I would say that the whole idea of innovative products is always going to continue, and those products are going to require air freight to move those around the world. As the world shifts, and we look at whats manufactured in China, now we see a lot of that manufacturing going down to Vietnam. After Vietnam it could be Indonesia. After Indonesia, India.  So were very bullish on the fact that there will be manufacture all around the world. Global trade will certainly increase, although its been a little choppy here for the last few quarters. And that will require air freight. And thats perfectly in our sweet spot.  The other thing that I would say is when the market does contract, as it has, we have our own air fleet. So we can move freight into our air fleet. When the market picks back up, well move that same freight and serve our customers through the use of flying on other folks planes. So were very bullish on the future about air freight continuing to be a big part of our portfolio. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Quick question, just to follow up on the B2C discussion, can you just talk a little bit about the ecommerce customers that youre working with, how much success are you having in making UPS the sole shipping option for that retailer versus just being thrown up as one of a portfolio of companies that offer the service to the end customer?
Kurt Kuehn : Certainly its our goal to differentiate, and I think we think weve done a great job with that, being out a year and a half ahead of our competitors with something like My Choice. So thats the ultimate solution to that. But Alan, any other thoughts on that? 
Alan Gershenhorn: Certainly something like UPS My Choice is out there to drive consumer preference. Its extremely relevant to both our retailers and our consumers. And unlike our competitor, most of our residential packages get delivered by a UPS driver. Scott mentioned I think in the opening that our My Choice consumers now have the option to initiate a Surepost upgrade to UPS ground residential service. So now essentially all UPS residential deliveries, whether theyre air, ground, or Surepost, are eligible for My Choice delivery options. And thats really the power of the UPS integrated network.  The other point Id make is that the offerings like Kiala, which is now being rebranded as UPS Access Point, that we have over there in Europe, that also begins to create that preference. And youll see UPS Access Point branded on the retailers website and consumers able to pick that particular service under the UPS brand. So were very focused on establishing both consumer and retailer preference for UPS services, really through value creation.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Peter Nesvold of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company: I was hoping to clarify the guidance. For the year, the midpoint implies about 9% EPS growth. If I look at the first [two] results, and take into perspective the second quarter outlook, it seems to suggest that you have to grow kind of 12-14% in the back half of the year to hit the midpoint of the range. And clearly the year ago comps are easier in the second half. Would the acceleration in growth year over year be primarily on the easier year ago comps? Or is there something that sequentially you should see more than a normal seasonal uplift?
Kurt Kuehn : Weve been seeing, historically, Q4 get stronger and stronger, as B2C plays a bigger role. And so that is part of a seasonal evolution to where were seeing that happen. We do have an extra working day in Q3. The international groups got a lot of initiatives that are being rolled into place. Air network, weve done a lot of adjusting to, and now that were doing a number of things on the in-country cost.  So your arithmetic is correct. Absolutely. Were maintaining our full year guidance, and we do expect to see stronger and stronger results as the years go on, based on all those factors.
Scott Davis : I think particularly forwarding. We had a good start to last year on the forwarding side, and had a bad finish. And we expect to have good comparisons on the forwarding side second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Trahan. Please go ahead. 
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Hoping for a little bit more color on some of the mix and [trade down] issues going on in international package. Is there a way we can think about what percent of package now internationally is these non-premium products and where do you think it goes? And maybe along those lines, what can you do to mitigate the impact of that, or maybe even change the customer behavior?
Kurt Kuehn : Ill let Dan expand a little bit, although you do have to be careful, when we talk about non-premium products, against a lot of our competitors, those are still time or day definite, what would be considered express products. So we do offer a broad portfolio and weve seen customers move up and down. So I wouldnt put too strong a point on it as a long term issue. 
Daniel Brutto: I guess just to expand a little bit, we call a non-premium product our trans-border product in Europe, which for us is very profitable and growing very well, even in a tough European economy. Our premium product, Worldwide Express, I think worldwide weve seen some trade down for customers to use our Worldwide Expedited product. But by all means, were very successful in our standard product. Their profitable, theyre strong, and were confident that the Worldwide Express products will come back as the world economies strengthen over the year.
Kurt Kuehn : And I think maybe just to put a final point on it, UPSs success has been on finding cost effective yet profitable ways for us to meet the customers needs when they do need to trade down. So were not trying to upsell, were building an integrated network, and if the customer gives us an extra day to get the product somewhere, well take advantage of that, either through leveraging other forms of transportation or taking advantage of that from an economic perspective. So give us a little time to adapt, and the integrated UPS network will continue to generate high returns.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan: Do you think theres more of that to go, though, in terms of more shifting to some of an extra day kind of business?
Andy Dolny: Scott, I think we made it pretty clear. Well move on to the next question.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Ross of Stifel. Please go ahead. 
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus:  UPS Freight saw very nice tonnage per day growth in the first quarter, taking market share. Can you talk about what drove those gains, and what still needs to be done to get back to your target LTL margin level?
Kurt Kuehn : Ill let Myron talk to that. 
Myron Gray: While we did experience continued growth in our freight segment, we continue to be disappointed in that business unit. Weve grown it by offering integrated solutions for that customer segment, and weve continued to expect slow but steady growth in the freight group.
Kurt Kuehn : Clearly the technology that UPS has integrated has been a real differentiator on the market side. Having shipping systems, the visibility systems, pick up confirmation. The ability to have a.m. guaranteed deliveries, all of those things that weve been so successful with in our package environment is differentiating us on the freight side, although as Myron says, weve still got some work to do to get the margins up to our targets. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer:   In U.S. domestic, congratulations on your 70 basis points of operating margin expansion. Could you speak to the stronger driver being B2C or B2B? Just a little more elaboration on that? And was weather much of an impact in U.S. domestic in February or March? 
Kurt Kuehn : Well, given my executive privilege to pick one, Ill let Myron talk a little about weather.
Myron Gray : Fortunately this is pretty much an all-weather business, and we have the ability to adapt to changing situations and the U.S. operating unit has done a very good job of making those adjustments every year. In terms of B2B or B2C, as we spoke earlier, the technology that weve deployed has just continued to enable us to adapt to changing business, whether theyre heavyweight packages or small B2C retail customers, and continue to expand margin. So we feel very confident about our abilities moving forward.
Kurt Kuehn : Myron is being humble this was one of the hardest quarters in recent history for weather and operations. Just continued storms, just about everywhere, and even April were suffering with the floods a bit. But they managed to execute really well in that environment.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar. Please go ahead. 
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar:  Normally we thought of Europe as representing about half of your international business, quite material even with the current standalone network. Would you share your observations on the evolution of consumer shipping trends in the two markets, U.S. versus E.U., at these different stages of adaption and recovery, perhaps also including the B2B B2C split?
Kurt Kuehn : Clearly weve seen tremendous evolution and innovation in both areas. We do think that Europe is migrating very quickly, perhaps at a little earlier stage as far as the maturity of the market. I know Dan, you could talk to that. 
Daniel Brutto: I would say Europe is probably three to five years behind the U.S. in the whole B2C, depending on what country youre in. I think there are some countries in Europe, such as France, U.K., are moving a little quicker, and I think thats primarily the reason we bought Kiala, because technology and turning a B2C into a B2R is very important for us to be successful, so were certainly, from an operational standpoint, and a customer standpoint, preparing for more B2C growth in Europe. We think there will be some acceleration and certainly we are preparing operationally, and through our technology, to take advantage of that when it comes up.
Scott Davis : To Dans point, were over 40% B2C in the U.S. right now and probably our biggest countries in Europe are maybe 25% B2C. So that gives you a flavor for where they are at this point in time.
David Abney: I was just going to add that our early adoption of having trans-border services throughout Europe has certainly paid significant dividends over the years, and how were connecting the countries, and certainly in the B2C market, with solutions like Kiala and other ones to come, our ability to network those countries so that shoppers can shop in any country and receive it back in their home country is going to be a really advantage for us, and thats what were focused on.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jack Atkins of Stephens. Please go ahead. 
Jack Atkins - Stephens:  If we could kind of go back to the freight forwarding business for a moment, you talked about the challenges youre facing there. Could you maybe comment on the profitability trends youve been seeing on a per-shipment basis? Weve heard of increasing competitive pressures from other forwarders in this market, especially in the trans-Pacific. Im just sort of curious if thats part of the headwinds youre facing and if so, how do you address that?
Daniel Brutto: I would say the profitability in the air freight has obviously been squeezed. I think a lot of customers, because theres overcapacity in the market, have gone out with spot rates and outside the contract, just because of the capacity thats in the marketplace. We see that continuing at least for the next quarter, but think that it will get back to more normalcy at the end of the year.  On the other hand, our ocean profit has been doing very well. Not enough to make up the international air freight, but this premium [less than a container load] ocean product we think is very successful. We have a supplier management. Again, we couple technologies so a customer can, instead of getting a whole container load, get less than a container load. We have a great road network in the U.S. that we can feed and accelerate the time that the ocean shipment actually gets into the U.S. market and even the European market.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of Cowen Securities. Please go ahead. 
Helane Becker - Cowen Securities : This is going to be a really easy question for you. Does your guidance for the rest of the year include any changes in compensation or productivity as a result of the Teamster contract being concluded?
Kurt Kuehn : No, weve really not factored in anything dramatically different. Weve kind of trended as if the ongoing numbers were similar to previous trends in our basic guidance. And maybe Scott can talk a little bit on the status of the contract negotiation.
Scott Davis : I think were quite pleased with the progress to date on the contract. Weve told our customers that we want to get this done earlier than usual. The Teamsters agree its important for our customers to get it done. Weve taken on the tough issues, issues like pension, issues like healthcare particularly. Were very close to getting this thing done. And we feel good about the outlook, but well hopefully have something to announce before you know it.
Operator: Our next question will be a follow up from the line of Mr. David Vernon of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein :
 : Dan, you had mentioned the capacity issue on belly space. I guess I wanted to get your perspective on the main deck freighter capacity in the trans-Pacific. With rates being where they are, youd think that that capacity would start to come down. We know Fedex took its service down. You guys did some belt tightening. Are you starting to see any of the main deck freighter operators in the trans-Pacific respond to that lower rate environment? And if not, how long do you think that will take?
Daniel Brutto: As of this point, there are, outside of some Chinese carriers such as [Jade] that have got four 7400s sitting on the fence at [Chen Zin], there is a lot of talk. I know Cathay has certainly talked about it. Theres been some large carriers that have talked about if the rates continue to be low, obviously we had a situation in 2009 where you saw some folks take down some aircraft. Its not at that stage yet. I would say from the UPS standpoint, weve taken 10% of our capacity year over year out of the trans-Pacific lane, and thats also 20% down from the first quarter in 2011. So I think everyone is adjusting more frequencies today instead of taking whole planes down. 
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will be a follow up from the line of Ms. Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie. Please go ahead, maam.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie : I just wanted to see if you could give us a sense, obviously with the 70 basis point improvement in the U.S. domestic business this quarter, how much more do you think you can improve in that business, given the B2C mix, but then some technology and other initiatives you guys have in the works?
Kurt Kuehn : Clearly we set out long term targets at our investor conference, of margins of 14%-15%. Were making good progress towards that, and theres no specific numbers other than that Im going to share with you, although youre seeing great changes, youre seeing innovation driving both customer satisfaction and improved margins. And well keep investing deeply in operations technology. Theres a lot more good stuff to come on that that well be sharing with you. So theres still more to come, and I think we feel pretty good on the business overall.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session for today. Now I will turn the program back over to Mr. Dolny. Please go ahead sir. 
Andy Dolny: Im going to turn it over to Scott.
Scott Davis : I think we got off to a good start in 2013, but as you probably detected from a lot of our answers, were still constructively dissatisfied. We want to do better, and we expect to do better as we go forward. But since this is Dans last call, Im going to let Dan Brutto have the last word today. Dan?
Daniel Brutto: Thanks, Scott. Its been a great 38 years with UPS, starting in Chicago in 1975 when we were essentially just a ground delivery company. And what a journey its been to now be an international company serving 220 countries and territories with air products, freight boarding products, distribution products, brokerage products. So its been an outstanding run. The foundation of UPS is solid, we have a great management team, and Im very confident Jim Barber and our international team will lead us on to more growth and certainly better opportunities with our great customer base. Thanks, Scott. 
Andy Dolny: All right. Thats the end of our call, and thanks for joining us today.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations Scott Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Kurt Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Alan Gershenhorn - Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales, Marketing and Strategy Daniel Brutto - Senior Vice President and President of UPS International Myron Gray - President of U.S. Operations David Abney - Chief Operating Officer of UPS International
Analysts: Justin B. Yagerman  Deutsche Bank AG Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein Benjamin J. Hartford Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc. Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG Ken Hoexter  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan Arthur W. Hatfield  Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Christian Wetherbee  Citigroup Inc. Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company Jeff Kauffman  Sterne Agee Brandon Oglenski  Barclays Helane Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company Peter Nesvold - Jeffries & Company Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs 
Operator:
Andy Dolny:
Scott Davis:
David Abney: Well, thanks David and good morning everyone. On a consolidated basis UPS fundamentals are strong as ever. We wrapped up the year with free cash flow of approximately $5.4 billion and although we feel short of our target for the year, UPS generated record earnings per share of $4.53. This was achieved in the face of weak global trade and in spite of superstorm Sandy which cost us about $0.05 a share.UPS annual revenue of $54.1 billion was our highest ever, as were the 4.1 billion packages we delivered globally. Pricing improvements, along with the efficiencies that David highlighted, led to margin expansion. For the quarter, consolidated package volume grew 3% per day. Revenue of $14.6 billion set a record as did operating profit at $2 billion.While the U.S domestic segment improved profitability, international experienced a slight decline and faced with a margin squeeze in forwarding, the supply chain and freight segment also exhibited lower profit.Now lets review our results in detail, starting with the U.S domestic segment. In the U.S, we fired on all cylinders. Operating profit was nearly $1.4 billion, a new high. Average daily volume grew 3% with Next Day Air up almost 8% and Ground up 3%, driven by expansion in B2C shipments.Despite slightly weaker than forecast holiday retail sales, shoppers went online like never before. We experienced strong growth in Next Day Air Saver and traditional UPS Ground and of course our lightweight solution SurePost, was also popular this holiday season. We continued to see strong growth there, even though we wrapped last years rollout of this product.Revenue for the segment grew 3%, with Next Day Air and Ground up 5.4% and 3.4% respectively. Revenue per piece increased 1.7%, driven by base rate improvements in both Ground and Air. As a result of increased demand for our Saver products, Next Day Air revenue per piece declined 60 basis points.Operating profit of almost $1.4 billion was up 4.4% and operating margin expanded to 15.4%. Hurricane Sandy was a challenge in the quarter, but our operations expertise and integrated network mitigated some of its impact. In addition, rising healthcare benefit costs continues to be a headwind, but its impact on the quarter was partially offset by some onetime items.Moving on to our international segment, UPS delivered 1.1 million export packages per day, up 5.5%, although that was boosted about 1% by global operating day differences. Leading the growth was Asia, where export volume grew in the mid-teens, aided strongly by tech sector product launches.During the quarter, export revenue per piece declined 3.5% on a currency neutral basis. Typically, Asia growth would be a great story, but during the holidays this growth was concentrated in lower weight packages from high volume shippers using less premium products.Europe exports improved as a result of growth in non-premium products. Companies there continue to streamline their supply chains and lever UPS solutions to meet their needs. Germany, Italy and the U.K all showed solid export increases. We are confident in the opportunities created by a developing European small package market and well continue to aggressively pursue growth strategies there.Domestic revenue in the international segment increased 1.3% on flat daily volume growth. Revenue per piece increased more than 4% on a currency neutral basis, reflecting our focus on revenue management.Overall, total UPS international revenue grew 1.5% to $3.2 billion. Operating profit was $499 million, down slightly. Changes in customer and product mix lowered profits. However, operating margin of 15.6% continues to set the bar in the industry. Acquisition related expenses of approximately $30 million were higher than anticipated and negatively impacted earnings per share by about $0.01 more than originally expected.Now for supply chain and freight. Revenue increased 4% over last year to $2.4 billion. Our forwarding and logistics group improved $40 million or 2.5%, while UPS freight revenue increased by $39 million or 6.2%. In the forwarding business, tonnage and yield improvements led to revenue growth, though this growth was somewhat offset by reductions in other transportation solutions. Increases in transportation expense were a challenge for profit. In the Asia air freight market there was a short term volume surge which exceeded capacities and drove up buy rates. As a result our margin was squeezed and profit declined. However, UPS Ocean products did very well.  Revenue and profit increased year-over-year and the popularity of our less than container load offering exceeded expectations. The UPS distribution business increased revenue by providing healthcare and high-tech customers effective solutions to better manage their supply chains. In fact, healthcare revenue increased by more than (inaudible). During the quarter we opened three new healthcare facilities and more are scheduled for 2013.At UPS Freight, LTL revenue was up 6.5% and gross weight hauled increased by almost five. For the quarter, operating margin was similar to last year and overall for the year margin expanded by 70 basis points. Let me shift gears and spend a moment on pensions. First, a reminder that the mark-to-market charge that Andy spoke about does not affect UPS cash flow, benefits paid to plan participants or required pension funding. Funding requirements for UPS sponsored pension plans were modified by recent legislation and as a result UPS plans are fully funded and we have no required cash contributions in 2013.As for pension expense in 2013, the lower discount rates do cause higher service and interest costs. As a result, we expect pension expense for these plans to increase about $225 million compared to last year. This will be a significant drag in 2013 although when discount rates go back up, we will see decreases in pension expense. Looking now at our cash and balance sheet.During 2012, UPS generated $5.4 billion in free cash flow after capital expenditures of $2.2 billion. We ended the year with almost $8 billion in cash and marketable securities. Although keep in mind that $1.75 billion has already been used this month to pay up maturing debt. For the year, UPS paid $2.1 billion in dividends, an increase of 9.6% per share. In addition, we repurchased 21.8 million shares for approximately $1.6 billion. Looking ahead to 2013, UPS expects strong free cash flow to continue, again exceeding 100% of net income.As a result of our strong financial position and reflecting our commitment to share on the distributions, UPS is increasing our 2013 guidance for share repurchases by an additional $2.5 billion, up to a total of $4 billion. As always, dividends will also continue to be a priority. Looking at guidance beyond cash, as Scott alluded to, the global economic shows that we remain in the cycle of mixed recovery with more improvement in some places than others. We are confident that the strategies outlined by Scott position UPS well. As a result, we expect another good year of earnings growth. We are anticipating earnings per share in the range of $4.80 to $5.06, an increase of 6% to 12%.Looking at the segments. For the full year, U.S. domestic average daily volume is projected to grow around 2% to 3%, slightly above GDP estimates. Revenue is expected to be up mid-single digits with base rate improvements of 2% to 3%. We are pleased with the momentum in our domestic business although UPS does expect increased healthcare and pension expense to limit margin expansion. We anticipate an operating margin approaching 14%, resulting in profit growth at a mid-single digit pace. In our international business, UPS expects revenue to increase at a mid-single digit rate with domestic and export daily volume growing faster than global GDP.Exports yields will continue to be pressured by both changing customer mix and increased reliance on non-premium products. We expect operating margin will expand slightly in spite of an estimated currency headwind of $125 million. In supply chain and freight, for the full year, we expect revenue to increase at a mid to high single-digit pace with some margin expansion, resulting in profit growth of approximately 10%. The segment is expected to maintain a strong operating margin of at least 8%, despite continued investments in healthcare solutions and facilities.Looking specifically at expectations for first quarter, there are a number of items that will negatively impact year-over-year comparisons, most notably, one less operating day and the timing of an early Easter. Even though UPS expects full year earnings per share growth in the range of 6% to 12%, for the first quarter, we anticipate that earnings per share growth will be relatively flat. Reviewing segments for the first quarter, both U.S domestic and international are expected to generate results similar to Q1 of last year. Supply chain and freight profits end margins should be down on a year-over-year basis because of investments in technology and the gain recognized last year on the sale of the surplus facility.To wrap up the income statement, our overall tax rate for 2013 should be between 34% and 35%. Regarding CapEx, for the full year, we expect our spending to be $2.4 billion, keeping us at approximately 4% of revenue.In summary, 2012 had its challenges. UPS set some records, but we also fell short in some areas. We are always constructively dissatisfied at UPS, seeking to attain new highs and this year will be no different. Despite another year of mixed global economic conditions, and approximately $350 million in headwinds from pension and currency, UPS will continue to raise the bar, with expected full year earnings per share growth of 6% to 12%. And as Scott mentioned earlier, we remain confident in our ability to achieve the UPS long term target of 10% to 15% earnings per share growth.Thanks and now well be happy to answer your questions.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, thanks David and good morning everyone. On a consolidated basis UPS fundamentals are strong as ever. We wrapped up the year with free cash flow of approximately $5.4 billion and although we feel short of our target for the year, UPS generated record earnings per share of $4.53. This was achieved in the face of weak global trade and in spite of superstorm Sandy which cost us about $0.05 a share.UPS annual revenue of $54.1 billion was our highest ever, as were the 4.1 billion packages we delivered globally. Pricing improvements, along with the efficiencies that David highlighted, led to margin expansion. For the quarter, consolidated package volume grew 3% per day. Revenue of $14.6 billion set a record as did operating profit at $2 billion.While the U.S domestic segment improved profitability, international experienced a slight decline and faced with a margin squeeze in forwarding, the supply chain and freight segment also exhibited lower profit.Now lets review our results in detail, starting with the U.S domestic segment. In the U.S, we fired on all cylinders. Operating profit was nearly $1.4 billion, a new high. Average daily volume grew 3% with Next Day Air up almost 8% and Ground up 3%, driven by expansion in B2C shipments.Despite slightly weaker than forecast holiday retail sales, shoppers went online like never before. We experienced strong growth in Next Day Air Saver and traditional UPS Ground and of course our lightweight solution SurePost, was also popular this holiday season. We continued to see strong growth there, even though we wrapped last years rollout of this product.Revenue for the segment grew 3%, with Next Day Air and Ground up 5.4% and 3.4% respectively. Revenue per piece increased 1.7%, driven by base rate improvements in both Ground and Air. As a result of increased demand for our Saver products, Next Day Air revenue per piece declined 60 basis points.Operating profit of almost $1.4 billion was up 4.4% and operating margin expanded to 15.4%. Hurricane Sandy was a challenge in the quarter, but our operations expertise and integrated network mitigated some of its impact. In addition, rising healthcare benefit costs continues to be a headwind, but its impact on the quarter was partially offset by some onetime items.Moving on to our international segment, UPS delivered 1.1 million export packages per day, up 5.5%, although that was boosted about 1% by global operating day differences. Leading the growth was Asia, where export volume grew in the mid-teens, aided strongly by tech sector product launches.During the quarter, export revenue per piece declined 3.5% on a currency neutral basis. Typically, Asia growth would be a great story, but during the holidays this growth was concentrated in lower weight packages from high volume shippers using less premium products.Europe exports improved as a result of growth in non-premium products. Companies there continue to streamline their supply chains and lever UPS solutions to meet their needs. Germany, Italy and the U.K all showed solid export increases. We are confident in the opportunities created by a developing European small package market and well continue to aggressively pursue growth strategies there.Domestic revenue in the international segment increased 1.3% on flat daily volume growth. Revenue per piece increased more than 4% on a currency neutral basis, reflecting our focus on revenue management.Overall, total UPS international revenue grew 1.5% to $3.2 billion. Operating profit was $499 million, down slightly. Changes in customer and product mix lowered profits. However, operating margin of 15.6% continues to set the bar in the industry. Acquisition related expenses of approximately $30 million were higher than anticipated and negatively impacted earnings per share by about $0.01 more than originally expected.Now for supply chain and freight. Revenue increased 4% over last year to $2.4 billion. Our forwarding and logistics group improved $40 million or 2.5%, while UPS freight revenue increased by $39 million or 6.2%. In the forwarding business, tonnage and yield improvements led to revenue growth, though this growth was somewhat offset by reductions in other transportation solutions. Increases in transportation expense were a challenge for profit. In the Asia air freight market there was a short term volume surge which exceeded capacities and drove up buy rates. As a result our margin was squeezed and profit declined. However, UPS Ocean products did very well.  Revenue and profit increased year-over-year and the popularity of our less than container load offering exceeded expectations. The UPS distribution business increased revenue by providing healthcare and high-tech customers effective solutions to better manage their supply chains. In fact, healthcare revenue increased by more than (inaudible). During the quarter we opened three new healthcare facilities and more are scheduled for 2013.At UPS Freight, LTL revenue was up 6.5% and gross weight hauled increased by almost five. For the quarter, operating margin was similar to last year and overall for the year margin expanded by 70 basis points. Let me shift gears and spend a moment on pensions. First, a reminder that the mark-to-market charge that Andy spoke about does not affect UPS cash flow, benefits paid to plan participants or required pension funding. Funding requirements for UPS sponsored pension plans were modified by recent legislation and as a result UPS plans are fully funded and we have no required cash contributions in 2013.As for pension expense in 2013, the lower discount rates do cause higher service and interest costs. As a result, we expect pension expense for these plans to increase about $225 million compared to last year. This will be a significant drag in 2013 although when discount rates go back up, we will see decreases in pension expense. Looking now at our cash and balance sheet.During 2012, UPS generated $5.4 billion in free cash flow after capital expenditures of $2.2 billion. We ended the year with almost $8 billion in cash and marketable securities. Although keep in mind that $1.75 billion has already been used this month to pay up maturing debt. For the year, UPS paid $2.1 billion in dividends, an increase of 9.6% per share. In addition, we repurchased 21.8 million shares for approximately $1.6 billion. Looking ahead to 2013, UPS expects strong free cash flow to continue, again exceeding 100% of net income.As a result of our strong financial position and reflecting our commitment to share on the distributions, UPS is increasing our 2013 guidance for share repurchases by an additional $2.5 billion, up to a total of $4 billion. As always, dividends will also continue to be a priority. Looking at guidance beyond cash, as Scott alluded to, the global economic shows that we remain in the cycle of mixed recovery with more improvement in some places than others. We are confident that the strategies outlined by Scott position UPS well. As a result, we expect another good year of earnings growth. We are anticipating earnings per share in the range of $4.80 to $5.06, an increase of 6% to 12%.Looking at the segments. For the full year, U.S. domestic average daily volume is projected to grow around 2% to 3%, slightly above GDP estimates. Revenue is expected to be up mid-single digits with base rate improvements of 2% to 3%. We are pleased with the momentum in our domestic business although UPS does expect increased healthcare and pension expense to limit margin expansion. We anticipate an operating margin approaching 14%, resulting in profit growth at a mid-single digit pace. In our international business, UPS expects revenue to increase at a mid-single digit rate with domestic and export daily volume growing faster than global GDP.Exports yields will continue to be pressured by both changing customer mix and increased reliance on non-premium products. We expect operating margin will expand slightly in spite of an estimated currency headwind of $125 million. In supply chain and freight, for the full year, we expect revenue to increase at a mid to high single-digit pace with some margin expansion, resulting in profit growth of approximately 10%. The segment is expected to maintain a strong operating margin of at least 8%, despite continued investments in healthcare solutions and facilities.Looking specifically at expectations for first quarter, there are a number of items that will negatively impact year-over-year comparisons, most notably, one less operating day and the timing of an early Easter. Even though UPS expects full year earnings per share growth in the range of 6% to 12%, for the first quarter, we anticipate that earnings per share growth will be relatively flat. Reviewing segments for the first quarter, both U.S domestic and international are expected to generate results similar to Q1 of last year. Supply chain and freight profits end margins should be down on a year-over-year basis because of investments in technology and the gain recognized last year on the sale of the surplus facility.To wrap up the income statement, our overall tax rate for 2013 should be between 34% and 35%. Regarding CapEx, for the full year, we expect our spending to be $2.4 billion, keeping us at approximately 4% of revenue.In summary, 2012 had its challenges. UPS set some records, but we also fell short in some areas. We are always constructively dissatisfied at UPS, seeking to attain new highs and this year will be no different. Despite another year of mixed global economic conditions, and approximately $350 million in headwinds from pension and currency, UPS will continue to raise the bar, with expected full year earnings per share growth of 6% to 12%. And as Scott mentioned earlier, we remain confident in our ability to achieve the UPS long term target of 10% to 15% earnings per share growth.Thanks and now well be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: 
Justin B. Yagerman  Deutsche Bank AG:
Scott Davis:
Kurt Kuehn:
Justin B. Yagerman  Deutsche Bank AG:
Kurt Kuehn:
Daniel Brutto:
Kurt Kuehn:
Operator:
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan:
Scott Davis:
David Abney:
Operator:
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein:
Kurt Kuehn:
Scott Davis:
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein:
Scott Davis:
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein:
Andy Dolny:
Scott Davis:
Operator:
Benjamin J. Hartford Robert W. Baird & Co. Inc.:
Kurt Kuehn:
David Abney:
Daniel Brutto:
Operator:
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG:
Kurt Kuehn:
Scott Davis:
Operator:
Ken Hoexter  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
Scott Davis:
Daniel Brutto:
Kurt Kuehn:
Scott Davis:
Alan Gershenhorn:
Operator:
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley:
Kurt Kuehn:
Operator:
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan:
Scott Davis:
Myron Gray:
Scott Davis:
David Abney:
Operator:
Arthur W. Hatfield  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:
Scott Davis:
Daniel Brutto:
Operator:
Christian Wetherbee  Citigroup Inc.:
Scott Davis:
Daniel Brutto:
Kurt Kuehn:
Alan Gershenhorn:
Scott Davis:
Operator:
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets:
Kurt Kuehn:
Alan Gershenhorn:
Operator:
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company:
Scott Davis:
Daniel Brutto:
Kurt Kuehn:
Operator:
Jeff Kauffman  Sterne Agee:
Kurt Kuehn:
Scott Davis:
Operator:
Brandon Oglenski  Barclays:
Kurt Kuehn:
Myron Gray:
Kurt Kuehn:
David Abney:
Scott Davis:
Operator:
Helane Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company:
Scott Davis:
David Abney:
Scott Davis:
Kurt Kuehn:
Operator:
Peter Nesvold - Jeffries & Company:
Kurt Kuehn:
Operator:
Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs:
Scott Davis:
Daniel Brutto:
Kurt Kuehn:
Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs:
Kurt Kuehn:
Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs:
Scott Davis:

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations D. Scott Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Kurt P. Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer Alan Gershenhorn - Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales, Marketing and Strategy Daniel J. Brutto - Senior Vice President and President of UPS International Myron A. Gray - President of U.S. Operations David P. Abney - Chief Operating Officer of UPS International
Analysts: Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. My name is Stephen, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations' Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, UPS Investor -- Treasurer and Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning. Today, I'm joined by Scott Davis, our CEO; and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, to discuss the company's results for the quarter and future expectations. In addition, in an effort to increase access to UPS leadership, we have asked David Abney, our COO; Dan Brutto, International President; Alan Gershenhorn, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer; and Myron Gray, President of U.S. Operations, to participate today and in future calls. Before we begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2011 Form 10-K and 2012 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. In August, we announced restructuring of the New England Teamsters and Trucking Industry Pension Fund. As a result, in our third quarter earnings, UPS recorded a noncash charge of $896 million. On an after tax basis, the impact was $559 million or $0.58 per share. Excluding the effect of this transaction, diluted earnings per share for the third quarter were $1.06. In our remarks today, we will refer to UPS third quarter 2012 results excluding the impact of this charge. Additionally, all 2012 full year references and comparisons to 2011 will refer to adjusted results. We believe this is a more accurate picture of the company's performance. Reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures and free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, are explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release. These schedules, along with the webcast of today's call, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. A couple of reminders, any guidance that we provide does not include any operating results, synergies or post-closing integration expense related to TNT. Also, our outlook does not include any potential pension, mark-to-market entry. If interest rates stay as low as they are, UPS will likely record a sizable mark-to-market charge in the fourth quarter. Keep in mind, this will not affect cash flow or require funding. While this charge would impact our GAAP earnings, it will be excluded in adjusted results. [Operator Instructions] Now let me turn it over to Scott.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy, and good morning. Our third quarter results reflect the ability of UPSers to meet the needs of our customers while making the necessary adjustments in an environment of shifting market conditions. The U.S. Domestic business benefited from e-commerce. International results have rebounded as exports from Asia grew slightly. Europe was steady, however, U.S. exports remained weak. The Supply Chain & Freight segment continued to deliver strong operating margins. Now let's take a quick look at the global economy. In Europe, more countries are slipping into recession as they impose austerity measures. Though the economy there has contracted, the small package market has not. In Asia, although projections have come down, economic growth there leads the world. Although as I said last quarter, exports continue to lag GDP growth. Here in the U.S., where some of the recent economic indicators provide optimism, general economists have lowered their expectations for the remainder of the year. The lack of clear direction on future tax and spending policy has and will continue to slow business investment. This will clearly impact the B2B small package market. Regardless of the outcome in November, the U.S. is on the edge of a fiscal cliff, and there is concern whether our politicians can reach an agreement that solves these issues. The lack of political will to fix our debt problem adds to the uncertainty in our economy, just what we don't need. That's why we are supporting Fix The Debt, the organization founded by former U.S. Senator Alan Simpson and Clinton Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles. Our goal is to have a bipartisan debt reduction plan drafted when Congress returns in January, and we believe it's realistic to have it passed in early 2013. If solutions are in place to both reduce our deficit and eliminate the threat of a fiscal cliff, the U.S. will be in a much better position for sustained economic growth. During the quarter, UPS began formal negotiations with the Teamsters more than 10 months early. We believe an early start will lead to an early conclusion, and this is beneficial for all stakeholders. In addition, UPS successfully completed the largest nonmilitary logistics event ever when the 2012 London Olympic and Paralympic Games closed. I personally want to thank the thousands of UPSers who worked to ensure the success of these games. Great job. The logistic support of the London Olympics is a prime example of our transformation and the trust the international community has placed in UPS. We've invested over the decades to build unique capabilities, trading the world's logistics provider. Further demonstrating the UPS strategy of investing to grow is our planned acquisition of TNT Express. We recently received a Statement of Objection from the European Commission. This is not uncommon. We're evaluating this confidential document and will respond in due course. UPS still expects to close this transaction early next year. We have committed to complete this acquisition and enhance our position in the logistics industry. We are further strengthening the UPS brand and positioning the company for worldwide growth, well into the future. Speaking of brand, earlier this month, Interbrand announced their 2012 list of 100 Best Global Brands, and UPS, once again, ranked #1 in our industry. Finally, UPSers around the world are gearing up for the holiday rush, and I'm confident that no matter what Mother Nature throws our way, UPS will deliver. Now Kurt will review our results for the quarter.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Given the economic climate, UPS executed well during the quarter with earnings per share of $1.06. This is down slightly compared to last year, primarily due to a lower tax rate in 2011. Total UPS daily volume grew 2.9%. Revenue was down slightly due to one less operating day while operating profit and margin were flat with last year. During last quarter's call, we discussed our concern for global economic expansion, particularly here in the U.S., and we've taken the necessary steps with network changes and other adjustments. Over the next few minutes, I'll share with you what we've accomplished over the past 3 months. Starting with U.S. Domestic, the segment generated operating margin of 13%. Operating profits were down slightly compared to last year as the quarter was negatively impacted by $60 million in fuel surcharge lag, as well as the one less operating day that I just mentioned. While business-to-business declined a bit, average daily volume growth was slightly higher than anticipated across all products, advanced entirely by B2C. Ground rose 3% fueled by both lightweight and traditional residential products. Not only are e-commerce shippers leveraging our extensive Ground solutions, but they also continue to look to UPS premium products to enhance their competitive edge. As a result, Next Day Air volume increased almost 6% and our Deferred air products jumped more than 9%. Total revenue per piece declined by about 1%. Base rate improvement was more than offset by significantly lower fuel surcharges, as well as changes in both product and customer mix. The rapid growth in lightweight B2C shipments continue to push average weight per package lower. Ground revenue per piece was up slightly while Next Day Air and Deferred were down 4.6% and 5.1%, respectively. Next Day Saver growth continues to outpace A.M. products as shippers realize its value for residential deliveries. Once again, UPS technology innovations contributed to better cost control and efficiency gains in the network. In fact, paid hours, miles driven and aircraft block hours all increased less than volume. While U.S. Domestic results were solid, UPS remains constructively dissatisfied. As B2C expands, we are continuing to adapt both our business model and revenue strategies. UPS technology will ensure that our integrated network remains flexible, providing the ability to react quickly to evolving dynamics in the marketplace. Now let's review our International results. This segment rebounded after a few tough quarters in a row. In fact, we had a record third quarter operating profit of $449 million. Clearly, the results of our initiatives are bearing fruit. Network adjustments, combined with in-country cost management, resulted in operating profit growth of 7.7%. Operating margin expanded 170 basis points to 15.3%. Benefits derived from currency exceeded the headwind generated by higher fuel costs. We also incurred about $20 million in acquisition-related expenses, which were offset by other onetime items, including a pension adjustment. UPS average daily export volume was up 1.2% with slight increases in Asia and Europe while U.S. exports continue to disappoint. Non-U.S. Domestic average daily volume declined 2.7% due to the slowing global economy and UPS's revenue management initiatives in Europe. Fluctuations in currency and the lower fuel surcharge drove the revenue decline of 3.7%. When adjusted for these, third quarter revenue was up slightly. Looking at revenue per piece on a currency-neutral basis, non-U.S. Domestic improved 3% and export was relatively flat, reflecting the continuing shift in trade patterns and customer migration to less premium products. Now for Supply Chain & Freight. This segment, once again, generated an operating margin in excess of 8%. Although revenue fell $75 million, operating profit was down just $15 million. Declines in our Forwarding unit were partially offset by improved UPS Freight results. UPS Freight revenue improved 3.6%, due to growth in LTL tonnage and revenue per hundredweight. UPS technology innovations, like pickup notification, have proven very popular with our customers. Yield gains and productivity improvements contributed to another quarter of operating margin expansion. Poor industry conditions due to overcapacity in the Asia airfreight market pushed revenue and margin lower in the Forwarding unit. Meanwhile, in Distribution, demand for UPS healthcare solutions was a strong contributor to revenue growth, although investments in healthcare technology infrastructure and facilities did weigh on margins. Recently, UPS opened 3 new state-of-the-art facilities in China and Australia, adding more than 350,000 square feet of healthcare-compliant capacity in Asia. Looking now at cash in our balance sheet. UPS generated more than $3.6 billion in free cash flow after capital expenditures of $1.6 billion. The company also paid $1.6 billion in dividends. During the quarter, UPS took advantage of market opportunities to acquire more than 7 million shares. Year-to-date, the company has repurchased 18.5 million shares for approximately $1.4 billion. Our target for full year purchases remains unchanged at $1.5 billion. Total outstanding shares for the fourth quarter are expected to be about 5 million shares lower than in the third quarter. The financial quality of UPS was obvious during our recent bond offering, which was oversubscribed sevenfold. The $1.75 billion in 5-, 10- and 30-year notes is being used to replace debt maturing in January. We made the decision to go to the market a few months early, given the historically low rates. We achieved an average yield of 2.45% on debt with an average maturity of 13 years. As a result of this issuance and in anticipation of closing the TNT acquisition next year, UPS ended the quarter with more than $9 billion in cash and marketable securities. And now to guidance. The UPS business model performed well during the quarter, and the macro environment was, for the most part, consistent with our assumptions. Given our performance and greater confidence in fourth quarter execution, we have enhanced our full year earnings guidance to a range of $4.55 to $4.65 per share, an increase of 5% to 7% over last year. We are basically reaffirming guidance around our previous midpoint, but narrowing the range to reflect the higher degree of earning certainty. If you remember, 4Q '11 was a record quarter for UPS. That being said, in fourth quarter of this year, we expect all 3 segments to increase operating profits and to generate margins similar to or slightly above last year. In U.S. Domestic segment for the quarter, we anticipate operating margin will once again exceed 15%, and average daily volume growth should be about 3%, driven by B2C in both lightweight and Saver. For International, we expect mid-single-digit operating profit growth in Q4 with slight improvement in average daily volume growth trends. This guidance includes a similar amount of acquisition-related expenses to what we saw in the third quarter. In Supply Chain & Freight, though we expect the challenging airfreight environment to continue, for the fourth quarter, operating profit should increase moderately on relatively flat revenue. Certainly, consumer behavior during the upcoming holidays will affect where UPS earnings fall within the $4.55 to $4.65 range. As we demonstrated during the 2011 peak season, UPS is ready and more than able to handle whatever comes our way. But before I turn it over to Alan Gershenhorn for an update on peak season, I do want to encourage all of you consumers out there to indulge during the upcoming holidays, purchase lots of gifts and, of course, have them shipped UPS. Alan?
Alan Gershenhorn: Thanks, Kurt. As everyone knows, the holidays are a busy time around UPS. Every peak season, millions of customers count on more than 400,000 UPSers to successfully manage the sharp and sudden increase in deliveries. This surge will take our daily average of about 15 million packages up to 28 million on this year's peak day, the most ever in our 105-year history. It is truly awe-inspiring, and in my 32-peak seasons, I've always been impressed for how our people get the job done. This year will be no exception. The dramatic rise of e-commerce continues to alter consumer behavior and shipping patterns. Historically, peak season volume ramped up from Thanksgiving to Christmas. This year, we are planning for 2 peak periods: one that revolves around Black Friday and Cyber Monday, the other compressed into the 2 weeks before Christmas. Speaking to our global customer base about their expectations for this holiday season, they tell us they are cautious. However, they also remain optimistic. Economic uncertainty around the world has them uneasy about how their consumers will respond this year. On another note, the retail inventory to sales ratio is still historically low. So their supply chain is constrained to keep up if demand is more than predicted. And although consumer confidence has increased recently, there is still concern relative to political and fiscal uncertainty. According to a recent survey, 70% of Americans say the current state of the economy is impacting their spending plans, and as a result, forecast for holiday retail sales call for lower growth. The National Retail Federation is projecting a 4.1% rise in holiday sales, which is below last year's 5.6% but still above the 10-year average. More importantly for UPS, e-commerce sales are expected to jump 12% over last year, so demand for our lightweight and Deferred air products is expected to be high. As the season develops, UPS will be ready. In fact, we already started the hiring process for temporary employees. This peak, they will help deliver more than 0.5 billion packages around the globe. And to support both shippers and consumers during the holidays, UPS offers many unique solutions. For example, UPS My Choice, which was launched at this time last year, is unmatched in the industry. Almost 2 million households have signed up and are enjoying the benefits. Advantages like providing delivery alerts by e-mail or SMS the day before your package is delivered, eliminating those "sorry we missed you" notices left on your door or the ability to reschedule or reroute deliveries or one of the most popular features, authorizing UPS to deliver without a signature. So if you haven't signed up for UPS My Choice yet, I strongly encourage you to join the almost 2 million who have and enjoy an exceptional package delivery experience this holiday season courtesy of UPS. Thanks, and now we'll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wanted to ask you about the domestic side and a couple of things going on with mix. Can you give us a sense of how much B2C was up and how much B2B was down? And then also I guess in terms of that topic, how would you look at margins going forward if you continue to see that trend of B2C growth and slower, I guess -- or modestly declining B2B?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Tom, yes, B2C has continued to show slight declines. So we're -- it didn't get significantly worse from Q2 to Q3. But clearly, with some of the challenges in the industrial sector and some of those areas, we're just not seeing a lot of strength there. So B2C was absolutely the primary driver of the volume growth. And as we've said, this is one of the big market changes that we're adapting our business model to, so it -- the B2C is a little more challenging. But as you've seen, both the operational technology side and the consumer side, we're focusing enhancements to address that.
D. Scott Davis: And, Tom, our long-term targets on Domestic are 14% to 15% margins, 2014 to 2016. We're not backing off those margins as we move forward.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you give the actual numbers of what B2B and B2C were, Kurt, or you don't care to be that specific?
Kurt P. Kuehn: B2C was upper single digits, and the B2B was slightly negative.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Maybe a question just on the International side. You mentioned the Asia outbound picking up a little bit. I just wanted to get a sense of whether that was specifically around product launches, maybe the sustainability of that, and how we should think about that relative to capacity. Do we get a sense that you kind of got to the right point of capacity relative to demand right now? And how do you think about the fourth quarter?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Right, yes. It certainly was great to see Asia get into positive numbers again, and I think it is a little bit of both of the issues that you mentioned. I'll let Dan Brutto talk about that a little bit.
Daniel J. Brutto: Sure. I guess what I would say as far as the network cutbacks, certainly, we've done that. But I would also say that we've also added in aircraft. We just added our fifth gateway in China. It started the middle of September at Hangzhou, primarily for the high-tech sector. And that kind of coincides with what's going on in China, this whole go-west strategy. So you've got a lot of manufacturers now in China that are moving off the east coast to the west. Last year, we opened up another gateway in Chengdu, essentially for the high tech. So we're moving our equipment where the customers are, and certainly, it was good to see, finally, a small uptick in Asia this quarter.
D. Scott Davis: We think that this slow global trade is cyclical and that it will come back. I think one of the things we talk a lot about is this fiscal cliff in the U.S., if we resolve that, get the U.S. economy consumer going again, that will help demand, I think, U.S. from Asia. So we see it coming back some next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. Can you just talk a little bit, Kurt, maybe about what gives you that confidence in the fourth quarter? If I look at the target range, it seems like you're almost raising the fourth quarter by $0.05. Are you expecting a break after the elections? Do you already see that kicking in? And then just on the confidential letter, was there anything substantial in TNT or should that keep moving forward?
Kurt P. Kuehn: I think we're not expecting a significant rebound in the economy. So this outlook is for kind of steady-as-she-goes economic conditions. We've not seen a real change in momentum sequentially, month-to-month and going into October. We're looking for about 3% volume growth, in aggregate, for the fourth quarter, slightly less than the current momentum. But I think based just on the progress and the execution across all of the business units, we've adapted to the challenging conditions. Certainly, you've seen it with International, and Domestic continues to operate well and -- albeit in a changing environment. So we feel a little more confident, at least, with narrowing the range and clearly being able to deliver a decent fourth quarter.
D. Scott Davis: Ken, there are also several positives out there, I think, for the holiday season. Housing is starting to improve. We have lower fuel costs, low interest rates, stock market's been strong. That usually correlates to good consumer behavior. So that helps. Now there are negatives, and I don't want to be repetitive on the fiscal cliff, but sometime about end of November, after the election, fiscal cliff will be front and center, and that will cause some uncertainty. So there are some risks. On the question on TNT, the Statement of Objection is absolutely a normal step in a Phase II merger review. It is expected. It happens in almost all Phase II reviews. So it's -- and it doesn't obviously -- it's basically the EC laying out their position, but it does not prejudge the final outcome. We got a lot of work to do on it. We've been working very closely with the commission over the last several months. We'll continue with the open dialogue. We'll respond in the next couple of weeks. But the document is confidential, and we can't share the details of it at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit -- obviously, you guys have been kind of doing this and showing great results on the margin side in terms of kind of "adjusting the network" to kind of compensate for the new shipping patterns. Could you talk a little bit more in detail of exactly what you're doing, and then longer term, in terms of the strategy to take advantage of that? And also, how with such a big network, how do you remain flexible? As obviously, we've seen that things change so quickly. How do you make sure that you're always in the right competitive position to take advantage of the changes?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, a lot of pieces to that, Nate. I guess, for starters, the big focus that we have with the changing mix of B2C is really the -- our -- enriching our technology, both for customers and operations, so that we can keep the margins. Myron, maybe you can talk at a high level on some of the things we've been doing.
Myron A. Gray: Yes, Kurt. We're in a constant transformation of our business model here in the U.S. to adapt to the changing mode of the market, particularly the B2C. Our use of operational technology has real-time optimization that we'll use moving forward. As you've seen in the past, we've talked specifically about telematics. But moving forward, we'll utilize new delivery route optimization that will give us real-time optimization of the routes that will allow us to reduce the miles driven and direct labor hours.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. And I guess one other real component, if you talk to global network, is our fleet composition and our ability to -- we have a very harmonized young feet. So maybe, Dave Abney, you could talk a little bit about how the airlines' reacting to these trade flows.
David P. Abney: Yes, certainly can, Kurt. One thing I want to point out about the third quarter, block hours were down 5%. On an export volume, it increased 1%. And that is certainly due to leveraging Worldport to the strategic composition of our fleet, where we've continued to add 767s, bigger containers and our superior technology. In fact, if you go back 19 -- excuse me, 2008 through 2011, you see that we've actually increased our packages per block hour by 15%, and that just shows that we are leveraging this network. And when it comes to the International side, we have reduced our Asian network, cut it down 10% year-over-year. But as Dan said, as we do have trade lanes that demand it, we certainly will put up block hours as necessary.
D. Scott Davis: And I think, historically, we've always shown the ability to perform, I think, in good times and bad times better than most of the industry because we have such a flexible workforce, and we can flex it based on the volume on a daily basis.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Normally, the old rule of thumb used to be that you could get a read on the economy based on what was happening in average weight per piece. Obviously, for reasons B2C, B2B, the lower weight per piece might not necessarily be as accurate an indicator as it used to be. But what's your take on that? And kind of if I look at your average weight per package, how do I segregate what's kind of a structural shift versus maybe cyclical weakness?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. That's a great question, Jeff, and it's the stuff we've been looking at ourselves and trying to isolate. I think if you go back to the more traditional view of weight, which was kind of the indicator of how many widgets are in the box, you could see that packages would get lighter during lean times than heavier. There's a slight weight drop if you look kind of at same-store sales on the B2B for similar industries. So there are certainly -- things continue to get a little smaller, and the economy isn't robust. The vast majority of the weight declines, and we are continuing to see substantial ones, is really this B2B-to-B2C mix. Because we have all of that mixed in the same network, it does create some very big changes in average weight and also is the biggest single driver, by far, of the revenue per piece comps that can be challenging. So our trick is to continue to find creative ways to manage through that, and we're doing pretty well so far.
D. Scott Davis: And, Jeff, as -- for the last 20 years, the B2C has become sort of 1% more of the pie each year. In the last probably year, 1.5 years, that pace has picked up to maybe 2% a year more of the pie. So that evolution is speeding up as we speak.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was wondering if you can just clarify something that's in the press release. You talked about International benefiting from improving sort of exports, I think, you said out of Asia, product launches, et cetera. But then supply chain got hurt by overcapacity in Asia. So I'm not sure why you would have differing trends in that regard, and maybe you could talk about what's happened so far in October then.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, absolutely. And Dan Brutto, clearly, can fill you a little more on the product launches but also the balance of Forwarding and our International package business. So, Dan, why don't you take that on?
Daniel J. Brutto: Yes, sure. I guess what's happening now primarily in the airfreight market out of Asia is there's overcapacity in the market. Whenever there's overcapacity, even though our kilos are up, certainly, the rates are down, and that's pretty much consistent across the whole forwarding industry. On a positive side though, we did see an uptick in HACTL and PACTL in the month of September. Year-to-date, they're still both down on the export side, HACTL being much more down than PACTL, which is the Hong Kong index versus the Shanghai index. So certainly, we're seeing that. Why the small package? Small package is up because of use of our network and, certainly, some product launches that came out of Asia, as well as some easier comps last year in the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Ceraso of Credit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Actually, I wanted to follow up on that subject as well. Is there market share gains that you can talk about in tech that maybe helped you disproportionate to your competitors, and then maybe if you can say that the strength that you saw in September has carried into October?
Kurt P. Kuehn: We're continuing to execute. Clearly, we have a very long history of continued share gains in the international sector. The product launches in September, clearly, was a boost that made September the better growth month. So we're not trying to overplay this. Plus, we've seen sometimes there's a broader ecosystem around product launches. We're peripheral suppliers in some of that launch. So we like to think we're gaining share. Clearly, the profitability was great this quarter. But it's too soon to say that either we or the industry is out of the woods as far as long-term Asia exports.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. I think we said all year, we expect the third quarter to have easier comps and start seeing better comparisons, and you saw that. So there's really no surprise. I would not say that global exports out of Asia are growing at a fast pace. We have ways to go there.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So, Kurt, with $9 billion in cash on the balance sheet right now, that's obviously well in excess of the TNT acquisition price. Can we assume that that's going to be 100% cash, or will you actually be levering up a little bit to close that deal?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, no. We'll be -- we did do the debt issuance a few weeks ago, and we were just thrilled to see the demand for that. As I said, it was more than 7x oversubscribed. That $1.75 billion really was an early draw to replace debt that comes due in early January. So basically, a couple of billion of that cash and marketable securities is just a pre-funding for that debt. So you take that out, and we're in pretty good shape. We'll use a little commercial paper, as we said. We have some commercial paper outstanding, but we want to be in good position to address the cash needs to close that. So our intentions remain the same as we've said before, that we don't anticipate a need to do any long-term issuance to fund the TNT acquisition.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So the $5 billion in cash number, is that still a good number to think about, or do you think it'll be a little higher than that?
Kurt P. Kuehn: That's still a good number.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Art Hatfield of Raymond James.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just real quick follow-up on your comments on Europe. You talked about in the press release that while Europe has slowed, your small package growth remains positive. Can you -- and you've talked in the past about how the market is shifting towards small package. Can you talk about that and where you see yourself from the competitive environment, and if any of that positive growth is market share gains within Europe?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, clearly, we're long-term observers of Europe and have operated there for a long time, facilitating the transporter movements. I'll let Dan talk a little about the competitive environment there.
Daniel J. Brutto: Yes. I would say that Europe is a very competitive environment. We're slightly up, which is good, but just slightly above positive on the exports for Europe. And certainly, we've reported negative on the domestics, primarily negative on the domestic from the southern periphery countries that are going through austerity programs right now, that they're going through difficulties. So I would say the European market, we're very bullish on Europe, although it is a very competitive marketplace.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Peter Nesvold of Jefferies & Company.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I want to ask a question on the Deferred yields in the Domestic side of the business. So they started to step down in fourth quarter of last year, presumably on Amazon Prime. That starts to anniversary in now. So I'm curious, optically, should we expect Deferred to continue to be down, the yield on that business continue to be down year-over-year? And if I can add a compound to that question, when you think about the increasing mix towards B2C, lower weights, lower lane density, how do you add this business on without it being dilutive to overall corporate average returns for the business?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, I'll talk about the returns issue and then maybe Alan can talk about the market trends and the customer mix change. Clearly, we spend a lot of time focusing on adjusting our domestic network, as Myron talked about, to extract and maintain, by far, the industry's highest returns on capital and, by far, the highest aggregate margins. This growth in lightweight Deferred packages, whether they're B2C, residential or the premium residential packages, does create some different operational challenges, but the returns on capital are very high. They tend not to consume as much in the way of assets. And with our increased focus on the productivity of the last mile that we've been doing, clearly, we're continuing to generate good returns. As far as the yields and the changing mix, we've talked about that a little bit, but Alan can give a little more color to it.
Alan Gershenhorn: I guess, first, I wouldn't characterize the lightweight product as any specific customer. We have a broad base of customers that are using the lightweight SurePost product. But it is a relatively new product, and we are going to be lapping some very significant growth in that product. So I think that you should see some yields firm up into 2013 in that regard. And by the way, on the previous question on the -- on weight in general, I think one of the things we've been able to accomplish with the SurePost product is we're now capturing the disproportionate share of that market. That wasn't necessarily a market that we played in even with our Ground residential, and now we're able to go after lightweight, less time-sensitive economic type of products in the marketplace that we weren't necessarily competitive for in the past.
D. Scott Davis: And, Peter, we are, as Kurt said, focused on return on invested capital. Our long-term targets have minimum of 25% ROIC 2014 and on. That's based on this mix of products. So we're focused on return on invested capital. We'll keep great ROICs going despite the mix we're looking at here.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Trahan.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Can you comment a little bit -- I mean, this was the first quarter where Domestic packages operating income was down for 10 quarters or so, and yet the volume's been so strong. Can you talk a little bit about how much of this has to do with mix with the B2C growing faster and how much of this has to do with maybe trying to take a little more volume and give up a little bit pricing? And then what impact you saw, if any, on fuel? It's hard to tell the expense is down year-over-year, but obviously, so is the fuel surcharge.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Sure, Ed. Let me -- I'll be glad to unfold that for you a little bit. The 2 most notable issues that were headwinds in the third quarter, and frankly, we guided at least some of those last quarter, the first was the fuel surcharge lag, which I think we did estimate was about $60 million. In addition, there was a one less good working day this quarter, which, as a ballpark, we usually say that's about $50 million, plus or minus, per working day. So if you factor those 2 in, we did also say in Q2, we had a $60 million tailwind for fuel. So if you average out those 2 quarters, you can actually see the business trends remain fairly stable, and we would have shown solid increases in profits. So we feel that things are working pretty well. We knew third quarter was going to be a challenge. That's part of why we had to talk a little more about that last quarter. The mix -- changing mix is a challenge that we're continuing to work through, but we feel pretty good so far. So in general, we think the business is steady in the U.S. The operational enhancements are helping to offset the challenges that we're facing with the lighter weight packages, and we expect that to continue.
D. Scott Davis: Ed, we expect to see, obviously, Domestic operating profit improvement in the fourth quarter at a margin of 15% or over. So we feel like we're moving in the right direction there.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just on the U.S. Domestic small package side. I guess from what I've heard, at least it sounded like the workaround on some of the large customer impact sounds more operational in terms of how you guys are thinking about this and taking costs out of the network to try to offset some of that negative mix impact. But I mean, when you think about that business, how actively are you pushing back or managing volumes with those customers to make sure that, that mix is appropriate? Or does it really just take a reinvigoration, to your point, Scott, with fiscal cliff worries and all of that on the small- to medium-sized customers to start coming back and adding growth to that mix in order to see a more, I guess, healthy yield profile coming out of that business?
Kurt P. Kuehn: I think no. The -- clearly, we've talked a lot about the cost and the technology enhancements, but equally important is the revenue management and extracting the value from all of these new capabilities. So, Alan, maybe you can talk a little bit about how we're enhancing on the revenue side.
Alan Gershenhorn: Yes. So it's certainly noteworthy that on year-on-year basis, that the product and the customer mix continues to negatively impact the yields. And again, I think a lot of those base rate improvements are being masked by the continued growth in lightweight products. But clearly, the portfolio we have out there, whether it's for B2B customers or B2C customers, allows them to certainly optimize their transportation and pick the service that they need at the -- provide the service they need at a cost point they're looking for. The other thing I would just add is that the core pricing certainly remains firm, around 2.5% base price increase, a little bit stronger on the Air side.
D. Scott Davis: Justin, to your point on small-, medium-sized enterprises is a focal point for UPS. I know Myron and Alan's teams are looking for different ways to go to that market, I think. They have not been spending. They have not been stocking inventory. They have not been hiring because of all the certainly out there, and they will get it going once the government makes some decisions. But we are bringing a lot more solutions to this group. I think solutions originally were focused to the larger companies, larger businesses. Now we're bringing those solutions to the small- and medium-sized companies, which will help us grow the middle market going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Kurt, I want to let you know that my wife is taking your advice and is indulging in some online holiday shopping these days.
Kurt P. Kuehn: That's great. Just got to make sure she signs up for My Choice, Kevin.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Yes. Kind of talking about this question of shifting International patterns. Have you kind of seen any major shifts in International shipping patterns, say, from the Air to the Ocean or is it mainly to Deferred products?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Certainly, we've seen shifts geographically quite a bit with some of the intercontinental moves slowing, which we've talked about for a couple of quarters. I'll let Dan maybe add a little color on what we're seeing in our Forwarding unit and express.
Daniel J. Brutto: Yes. I wouldn't say -- the answer to that, I've seen -- we've seen some nontraditional Ocean customers. And what I mean is some airfreight and some express taking, at least, a look at sending some of their lower-margin products via Ocean. And we've made it easy for those customers, certainly, with our broad portfolio and also with our preferred less-than-container-load Ocean product that lets the customer, either from the high tech or the medical field, at least test out Ocean in a way that is quick and certainly allows them to move along this product portfolio on an efficient manner, but nothing to a major extent yet in the marketplace.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. Back to geography that Kurt talked about, clearly, the European demand is down. That's impacting the Asia exports and U.S. exports pretty dramatically as we move forward. So hopefully, we can get some European imports going again in the future.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays.
Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You highlighted that you've already opened discussions with the Teamsters here. So can you just talk about some of the objectives that you're looking to accomplish with this new contract round, especially in the face of the shifting mix domestically to more B2C traffic, more of the lightweight, lower-yielding packages?
D. Scott Davis: I will let Dave Abney talk about that. He probably won't be able to tell you an awful lot because we're keeping the negotiations at the table.
David P. Abney: All right. Yes, the negotiations did start in September, and we do believe that the early start is good for the employees, customers and the shareholders. In the past 2 negotiations, we have been able to reach early conclusions. We've got a positive relationship with the Teamsters. We both recognize that UPS success translates into jobs. Many of the issues that come up have been discussed over the last couple of years through the competition committee. As far as the particular issues, we just believe negotiations are best left at the bargaining table, so we won't reveal that today. But we're satisfied with the pace of discussions.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of Dahlman Rose.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but just one point of clarification. Did you say how many people you would need to hire for the peak shipping season or -- and how that compares to prior years?
Kurt P. Kuehn: No. We'll be releasing more details about the peak season and the holidays in a couple of weeks or so. As Alan said, we do expect over 0.5 billion packages between Thanksgiving and Christmas. So we'll be very busy, and there'll be plenty of temporary hires that start with the company, like myself, during the holidays. But we'll give you more details in a couple of weeks.
D. Scott Davis: Will you be driving during the holidays?
Kurt P. Kuehn: If I need to.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Campbell of Thompson, Davis.
David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: I'm just a little surprised that you're relatively optimistic about the fourth quarter Forwarding unit, given the fact that you're a little unsure about September's volume growth continuing in the Asia Pacific region. What changed from -- what changes from the third quarter to the fourth quarter that allows you to be optimistic that earnings will be up in that division year-to-year?
Kurt P. Kuehn: David, that's good question. I wouldn't interpret our guidance to be optimism, specifically around the International Forwarding. More important than that segment, as far as contributing to profit improvements, is our UPS Freight and our Distribution business. So no, we expect Forwarding to have another challenging quarter. Clearly, the buy rates are low but the revenues are also being pushed down quite a bit. So it's more an expression of optimism of the continued momentum in our Freight and in our Distribution business, which is benefiting from the healthcare growth.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ben Hartford of Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Dan, I guess to that point, can you talk a little bit about gross profit per unit, both on the Air Freight side and on the Ocean Freight side, here in the third quarter relative to the second quarter and then maybe what the expectations are as we go into the fourth, and then wrapping again -- discussing the competitiveness of the Forwarding environment in the light of available capacity but continued weakness in volumes?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. We did see some margin compression quarter-over-quarter. Clearly, we didn't quite hit the overall segment margin that we'd hope. We hoped to get to 9% this quarter and ended up coming in still at a healthy 8.3%, and the biggest driver of that was the margins on the Forwarding. We don't disclose the exact margins of our Ocean and Air Forwarding. Clearly, the Ocean has been actually doing a little better than the Air Forwarding since that's an industry-wide trend. And as Dan mentioned, with our less-than-container-load in expedited Ocean, we're finding what we think is a profitable niche. So we think the quarter -- fourth quarter will again be a challenging one for the -- for all of the forwarders, frankly.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Quick question on the subject of B2B and B2C and that ratio. Is there any seasonality in the fluctuation in those ratios of traffic, or are you starting to see B2B -- or B2C, I'm sorry, being more consistent level of your business? I know, Scott, you said it was growing at 2% of the pie or whatever. But is that, quarter-to-quarter, very consistent, or are you seeing some seasonality in it?
D. Scott Davis: I think as far as the evolution, B2B to B2C, it's pretty steady. But clearly, the fourth quarter holiday season, B2C has a bigger piece of the mix, as it always is during Christmas season.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. But the -- yes, I'm sorry. I -- But the other 3 quarters, 1Q through 3Q, is it still very consistent among those 3 quarters, taking out 4Q?
D. Scott Davis: Yes, it's pretty consistent.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Ross of Stifel, Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: There's the article that came out highlighting Walmart's experimentation with same-day delivery a couple of weeks ago and that they're using UPS to deliver to their customers' homes. Could you comment a little bit on that project and whether or not you're doing same-day delivery with others, and whether you think same-day delivery is actually a viable method that people are going to be using and if you're going to be able to charge enough to account for the delivery density problems with same-day delivery?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Great, good question. I'll let Alan talk about some of those areas of innovation.
Alan Gershenhorn: Clearly, there's a heck of a lot going on in the B2C market. Certainly, SurePost postal injection is one of those areas what UPS is doing, with UPS My Choice is another, and certainly, a lot of noise out there with same-day type delivery options. I think it's really still too early to tell precisely how that's going to shape up, but that's really an incubating part of the market at this time. I think more importantly is what the retailers are looking at out there and what UPS is helping them do in terms of what is being called like omni-channel out there. So we're out there helping both e-tailers and e-tailers with brick-and-mortar leverage all the assets they have. And what you're seeing now is retailers that want to fulfill directly from their store to consumer or fulfill from their dot.coms directly to their stores and create an ecosystem out there, where customers have the maximum access and the maximum number of options out there. And I think another area is if you can fulfill from a store and provide customer a late pickup, then you can get next-day delivery or near same-day delivery with the late pickup.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I noticed you opened a few more healthcare distribution facilities and wondering if you can give some color on what portion of Forwarding and Logistics is in the healthcare distribution area. And also, sort of in the current laboratory of economic uncertainty, what sort of performance you're seeing from your healthcare logistics relative to the cyclicality and uncertainty of sort of the broader market?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we did see healthcare grow approximately 20% from a revenue perspective, especially in those locations where we do a part of the distribution also. We don't share exact numbers, but I think the great thing about healthcare is that it's an industry that really makes full utilization of the integrated network and the broad portfolio of UPS. So Dan even mentioned, in some cases, healthcare customers are using Ocean. Clearly, our Air Freight Forwarding and temperature control configuration and our express services all come together. So it is an industry where we can really stretch our wings and take advantage of the entire portfolio.
D. Scott Davis: And the revenue shows up in Domestic package, International package, obviously Freight, Forwarding, Distribution, so across-the-board.
Daniel J. Brutto: And we have now 5 million square feet of healthcare facilities around the world and 36 facilities. And just these last few months, we've opened 3 in Asia for around 400,000 square feet. So it's a growing part of our business.
Operator: Our next question will be a follow-up from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. Scott, I figured you might be disappointed if you didn't get at least a second question on TNT. So I'll try to give you one more on that. I think there have been -- there's been a lot of noise about what the EC is going to do and the idea that they are being really granular in how they're defining markets, that, that might be a challenge. Is there any kind of a high-level comments you can give us in terms of the SO? Did this end up being a bit more challenging, more stringent than you would've expected? Would you say, at the end of the day, it's pretty reasonable what you have in there? Can you kind of shade it in terms of being a little better or a little worse than you would've expected on the SO?
D. Scott Davis: I think that it's a complex transaction. And whenever you get into Phase II, you spent a lot of time with the Commission, and our team has spent a lot of time with Commission. I think it's been good, open dialogue. I think we're exchanging information. We got a ways to go. And certainly, we just got the SO Friday night. So we're obviously going through that right now. Over next couple of weeks, we'll spend a lot of time responding to that. I know Dan Brutto has spent a lot of the last couple of months in Europe on this project. Any comments, Dan?
Daniel J. Brutto: Yes, sure. I think what I could say is we both have -- they have a case team. We have a team that's working constructively. As Scott said, it's very complex. It's all the 27 member states of the EU that they're tasked with taking a hard look at, and it's just part of the process. The SO is part of the process. We'll go through that. We'll have our response back. But the good news is the team have -- the teams have open dialogue, and certainly, we're going to turn in the documents that is required by the Commission within the timeframe.
D. Scott Davis: And we're confident we'll get clearance and we'll get it early in 2013, and we're committed to the transaction.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will be a follow-up from the line of Mr. Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. I just wanted to ask, we used to talk about B2C being around 1/3 of the business. I'm curious where it is. You just mentioned it sort of accelerated as a percent of the pie. Where does it ultimately top out at? Because I would sort of think at some point, you'd rather say like, "Look, let's just start raising prices on this stuff more aggressively because we don't want too much of it given the mix affect."
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Certainly, it's our goal to optimize the value, create the premium services, either by speed or by My Choice and, at same time, for those lightweight, low-value products to keep prices down. Right now, B2B is -- or B2C is running about 40%. And clearly, given the holidays, it'll be significantly over 50%. But we hope that the core B2B economy also picks up and so the balance remains healthy, although we'll take whatever the market gives us and find a way to be profitable and generate good returns for it.
D. Scott Davis: And, Bill, we adjust. 80 to 90 years ago, B2C was 100% of our business. So we will adjust based on how the market changes.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Andy Dolny.
Andy Dolny: Yes, I'm going to turn it to Scott for some closing comments.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Unfortunately, global trade continues to be slower than any of us would like at this point in time. But I think UPS has made the necessary adjustments. You started to see it in the third quarter results. I think we did a nice turnaround in International. We're going in the right direction. But in the fourth quarter, we actually expect to hit on all cylinders. Each segment anticipates operating profit improvement with margin equal to or better than last year. This is not only a testament of UPS business model, but also the capabilities and dedication of the UPS team. Thanks so much for joining us today, and we'll see you next quarter.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations D. Scott Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Kurt P. Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations' Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, UPS Treasurer and Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning. Today, I'm joined by Scott Davis, our CEO; and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, to discuss the company's results for the quarter and future expectations. Before they begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2011 Form 10-K and first quarter 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the second quarter of last year, UPS reported a net gain of a $33 million as a result of 2 nonrecurring real estate transactions. These adjustments resulted in an after-tax benefit of $0.02 per share. In Scott and Kurt's comments today, references to 2011 results will exclude the impact of this gain. We believe this is a more accurate picture of the company's performance. Reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures and free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, are explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release. These schedules are also available on the UPS Investor Relations website in the Financials section. As a reminder, any guidance that we provide will not include the results of TNT operations, nor any synergies or post-closing integration expense associated with the acquisition. As always, today's call is being webcast and is also available on the UPS Investor Relations website. [Operator Instructions] I thank you in advance for your cooperation. Now let me turn it over to Scott.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy, and good morning. UPS's second quarter results were driven by the performance of our U.S. Domestic segment. We continue to benefit from the efficiency of our streamlined and integrated network. Our unique portfolio of solutions has allowed UPS to adapt quickly to the evolving needs of e-commerce shippers and do it profitably. On the other hand, our International segment results continue to be impacted by declines in exports from both Asia and the U.S. Economies around the world are showing signs of weakening, and our customers are increasingly nervous. In the U.S., uncertainty, stemming from this year's elections and the looming fiscal cliff, constrains the ability of businesses to make important decisions, such as hiring new employees, making capital investments and restocking inventories. This will further restrict economic growth. In fact, this is already evident as June's manufacturing ISM and growth in retail sales numbers were the worst we've seen since 2009. In addition, employment gains have started to slow down, all of which had a negative impact on commercial volume growth. Given these trends, we think current second half economic forecasts for the U.S. are too high and that GDP growth will likely be closer to 1%. In Europe, the debt crisis lingers on as more countries struggle with austerity measures that are pushing them into recession. Despite this, UPS export volume has continued to grow, although at reduced rates. While economies in Asia are still expanding, expectations have come down in the last 3 months. Overall, GDP forecasts around the world are declining. Historically, global exports grow at a higher rate than GDP. This is not the case today. In fact, global trade is lagging GDP. This has only occurred once in the past 10 years, and that was during the last recession. We believe this is temporary and that as GDP growth begins to accelerate, a more typical relationship between the 2 will exist. Though the macro environment gives us concern, we have confidence in our strategy and remain focused on current objectives. One strategy, demonstrating the power of logistics, will be on display during the 2012 London Olympic Games. As the official logistics express delivery supporter, UPS is responsible for the staging the largest peacetime logistical undertaking in the world, providing the warehousing, distribution and logistics to produce the games while delivering 30 million items, everything from tennis balls to goal posts. UPS is eager to demonstrate the industry's most advanced supply-chain capabilities at this year's games and further strengthen our brand in Europe. Now for an update on our offer to acquire TNT Express. This transaction will diversify our global revenue, increase our portfolio of solutions and expand our geographic footprint. The complementary strengths of both companies will create a customer-focused platform, delivering unparalleled access to the world, while at the same time, enhancing shareholder value. During the quarter, UPS made significant progress towards completing the purchase, including the announcement of our financing plan and the publishing of the Offer Memorandum. Over a week ago, UPS announced that the review process with the European Commission will move to Phase 2 as there are certain areas that require more time to analyze. We expect to close the transaction during the fourth quarter. Another recent development I am pleased to note is that UPS and the Teamsters have agreed to get an early start to negotiations. Formal talks are expected to begin soon. This brings me to my final point. As 2012 continues to progress, keep this in mind: During our 105-year history, UPS has dealt with many different economic conditions and changing marketplaces. And through it all, we have proven our founder, Jim Casey, right. Determined UPSers around the world working together can accomplish anything. I assure you, we'll make the necessary changes to adapt and respond to the current challenges as we've done so many times in the past. Now Kurt will review our results for the quarter.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, thanks, Scott, and good morning. The second quarter results released this morning, which produced earnings per share growth of 7.5%, are solid, considering the change of pace in the global economic environment that Scott alluded to earlier. On a consolidated basis, UPS daily volume improved 2.7%, and operating profit was up 4.6%, with 40 basis points of margin expansion. This points to the flexibility of our product portfolio and the efficiency of the UPS network. We provided UPS customers with solutions needed in this challenging economic climate, and we're able to generate the industry's best margins. Let's take a look at how the segments performed, starting with U.S. Domestic. E-commerce in the U.S. continues to expand, benefiting the segment. Operating profit growth was up over 12% with margin expansion of 100 basis points. Strong operating leverage resulted from the volume growth, base rate increases and continued network efficiencies. I also want to point out that the quarter did benefit by over $60 million from the fuel surcharge lag. Daily volume was up 3.5%, driven entirely by B2C. One concern of note was the lower manufacturing ISM numbers that point to lower purchasing activity. This is contributing to a deceleration in our critical business-to-business volume growth. Air products outpaced ground during the quarter with Next Day Air volume up 5% while deferred increased by 8.6%, driven by growth in our Saver and the residential shipments. UPS experienced gains in Next Day Air letters again during this quarter, reversing a long trend of declines. Ground package volume was up 3%. Over 1/2 of this growth was attributable to a 25% increase in lightweight products. Revenue improved a little over 4%. As expected, average revenue per package was up less than 1%. Yields across all products benefited from base pricing but were offset by faster growth from large customers and changes in product mix. We continue to see rapid growth in lightweight and Saver products, both of which have lower yields. Although they do have lower yields, this volume continues to contribute to our productivity gains. Average daily volume was 3.5% higher, while miles driven and direct labor hours were up only about 1%, and block hours actually declined. Savings in direct payroll costs were not enough, however, to overcome growth in benefit expense. Health care jumped over 7%, while pension-related expenses were up more than 10%. Overall, a good quarter in the U.S. Domestic, aided somewhat by the fuel surcharge lag. Importantly, current trends, such as the lack of B2B growth, are concerning going forward. But we are taking the necessary steps, implementing both revenue and cost initiatives, as well as making adjustments to the UPS network. Now for a review of our International results. Slowing global economies, shifting trade patterns and negative currency translation resulted in a 4% revenue contraction. Double-digit declines in high-yielding shipments from Asia to both Europe and the U.S. produced a notable drop in profitability. That's not surprising considering the infrastructure required to support Asia. We made adjustments to our network during the first half of the year and are implementing additional cuts to mitigate this trend. Operating profit in the International was down $51 million from last year. Expenses related to M&A activity accounted for a drag of about $15 million. However, our margin is still the industry's best at 15.1%. In contrast to the significant decline in transcontinental demand, intra-regional shipments continue to increase. Overall export volume was up by 1%, as growth in Europe was mostly offset by the declines in Asia that I mentioned. When faced with today's economic challenges, customers continue to trade down to less costly alternatives. As a result, we experienced faster growth in our transborder standard products and even saw some trade-down from small package into freight. Non-U.S. Domestic volume was down 3.2%, reflecting yield improvement initiatives in Germany and Turkey. Fiscal austerity measures in Southern Europe contributed to double-digit declines there. But keep in mind that although this is a fairly steep drop in volume, it had only a small impact on segment profitability. Export revenue per piece was down 3.5%, the primary factor being the year-over-year currency fluctuations. In fact, currency-neutral revenue per piece was flat, reflecting base rate increases that were offset by changes in trade lanes and product mix. So it's been a challenging environment for our International group over the last 12 months. But during this time, we've implemented various revenue and cost initiatives, including reductions to our network, and we will continue to do so as we are planning another 10% reduction in our Asian air network. This will position us better for the future. And now for the Supply Chain & Freight segment. Operating profit increased by 3.6%, and margin expanded 50 basis points to 8.9%, the highest margin this segment has seen. Revenue declined 1.6% due to slowing international airfreight demand. Although the forwarding units saw an increase in tonnage, revenue was down as rate per kilo continues to be challenged in the key Asia outbound market. Operating margin was still strong due to effective revenue management and cost controls. In UPS Freight, revenue growth was flat as improvements in LTL pricing were offset by a decline in shipments. Operating profit and margin increased during the quarter due to productivity gains. Revenue in our Distribution business was higher, primarily from continued growth in health care and UPS lightweight solutions. Investments in technology and infrastructure to support the company's health care initiative did impact operating profit. Looking now at cash and our balance sheet. For the 6 months ended June 30, UPS generated $3.0 billion in free cash flow, up more than $600 million. Capital expenditures were $949 million, which included the delivery of 6 767s. So far this year, UPS has paid dividends totaling $1.1 billion, representing a 9.5% increase per share. In addition, we've repurchased 11.3 million shares for approximately $870 million. Regarding share repurchases, we are on track to spend $1.5 billion in 2012, and outstanding share count in the third quarter will be similar to the second. As we prepare to complete the TNT transaction, you will notice that our cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet have reached over $7 billion. Regarding guidance, the macro environment that we expect in the second half of 2012 calls for slower growth than originally anticipated when we set our initial guidance range back in January. Given this, we now expect 2012 diluted earnings per share of between $4.50 and $4.70. This represents a 3% to 8% increase over 2011. I do want to take a couple of minutes to provide more insight into the segments, starting with the U.S. Domestic where we see some concerning trends. Average daily volume growth is expected to moderate, reflecting the macro environment. We anticipate some deceleration in premium product growth, and B2B volume is expected to deteriorate further with pretty much all of our growth coming from B2C. As a result, revenue will increase between 1% and 2%. On a year-over-year basis, comp and benefit expense will be about 1% higher in the second half than what we saw in the first. This is primarily a result of increases in health care costs. The combination of the mix changes and the higher benefit costs will result in operating margin being slightly above what we saw in the first half of the year, but it's still less than last year. Turning now to International, where daily export volume is expected to grow at a slightly faster pace than what we saw in the first half of the year. This is not indicative of economic expansion but is more a result of beginning to lap last year's slowdown in Asia. As previously mentioned, we have taken the necessary actions like air network capacity cuts and implementing in-country cost controls. And as a result, we anticipate operating profit to grow at a mid to high single-digit pace with more growth in the fourth quarter. Operating margin in the third quarter should be slightly below last year, while the fourth quarter margin will expand on a year-over-year basis. Regarding Supply Chain & Freight, we expect mid-single-digit revenue gains, and operating profit growth will be in the mid-teens with margins reaching 9%. For a little more detail on the earnings per share for the second half of the year, we anticipate that in the third quarter, they will be below last year. Let me remind you that in 3Q '11, we recorded a 32.9% tax rate that added about $0.03 per share. Fourth quarter earnings should show solid improvements. To wrap things up, our first half results have been respectable, with the U.S. Domestic and Supply Chain & Freight segments performing well. However, we are seeing indications of a weakening global economy, creating challenges for companies in the quarters ahead. Of course, we at UPS are prepared to make the right moves in any economic environment to ensure the company's long-term success. UPSers around the world are working diligently to make the necessary changes to our network while providing the service excellence that UPS customers have come to expect. Thanks for listening this morning, and now Scott and I will be happy to answer your question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I had wanted to see if you could offer some thoughts on the time lag that you would typically experience in terms of taking out cost and adjusting to some of the changes in volume. So if you could comment both on the time lag in your International operations, where I would think things are a little more fixed, and then the time lag with respect to cost takeout in Domestic.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Great, Tom. I think you're right on target with that. As you know, we've been wrestling and working through the International trends for the last couple of quarters. Frankly, the velocity of the declines, being double digits in Asia both to Europe and U.S., were a little higher than we anticipated, but we have been in the process of making network changes and expect another 10% to come out during the next quarter. So we feel like we've pretty much caught up to the changes in International, and that's why we're actually guiding for profit improvements in the second half of the year. The weakening environment in the U.S. and, most notably, with the B2C trends is a little more recent. Frankly, we began to see that get more notable in the second quarter. So we're a little bit behind as far as the time schedule on that. And so there is probably a quarter, maybe 2-quarter lag for us, really, to fully implement the changes, and that's really the top priority right now.
D. Scott Davis: Now, Tom, clearly, on the Domestic side, the direct labor hours, we react to very quickly as we adjust the workforce. I think what takes us a little bit longer on the Domestic side is also the revenue side of it. So it's not just looking at cost. We have to do things on revenue management side to improve that side of the ledger. I think we're looking at things, looking at account strategies. We need to focus more on the middle market. I think a lot of our growth, the first half of the year, came from large customers. So we have kind of rededicated ourselves to look at the middle market. I think the small and medium-sized enterprises are really not -- are suffering right now with all the uncertainty in the country, but they still have shipping needs, and we'll focus on them.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: You talked about customer behavior changing as they move around the supply chain, trading down to more deferred products. Where are you seeing the largest behavior changes? Is it air to ocean?
Kurt P. Kuehn: No. Probably most notable is within products going from, perhaps, an express to an afternoon delivery, the Saver and our Next Day Air. In Europe, we've seen significant trade down from our transborder express to transborder standard, although we have seen a few structural changes on some of the global exporters, perhaps moving away from express, moving freight movements and then distributing them once they get across the border. Clearly, we have products like Trade Direct to help address that. But this is a period, I think, when we're seeing companies try different things. I don't think it's been hugely material, but there is some mode shift and some speed changes.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. I think the surprising thing, and I talked about it in my comments, Kevin, was this -- the global trade in general. To have exports growing at a lesser rate than global GDP is really unusual, and we think that is temporary and it'll change going forward. But trying to figure out what's going on, I think the biggest driver of that is the slow demand in the developed world. I think there is a lot of people trying to analyze what's going on. But frankly, Europe and the U.S. both have low demand right now, and that's whats causing those negative numbers out of Asia. The other areas that will be a challenge going forward is U.S. exports to Europe. I think Europe will not be a big consuming country for a while, so the U.S. exports will remain quite weak to Europe.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the U.S. Small Package business, I was curious what the trends look like in the quarter, April, May and June. You called out the uncertainty, and it sounded like, to Tom's question, that you alluded to further actions that are going to have to be taken within that business to right-size to what you're kind of expecting volumes on the B2B side to look like in the back half. 3.5% volume felt good, and obviously, there's mix stuff going on there. But did we see any kind of precipitous fall-off in June? Or are you seeing that as we've come into July that's got you guys worried? I'm just trying to get a better sense of where we're going here.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. I think kind of a soft landing maybe is the best way to think of it. We've seen -- we were very pleased and a little surprised that the demand have picked up in the fourth quarter and burned through the second -- or the first quarter. We saw over the course of the quarter, and really into July, just a gradual softening, really, with the B2B being the most notable change. That's why you don't see it as much in our aggregate volumes, because the B2C has continued to be very strong with our service offerings. But I think just kind of this continual moderate slowing in the rate of growth and then into the trends that we're seeing.
D. Scott Davis: Now, Justin, it was clearly -- clearly, our macro concerns start with the fact that we saw lousy numbers in the last couple of months, and ISM manufacturing, clearly, was bad. Retail sales was weak in June. As we get closer to the fiscal cliff, there's just more uncertainty out there than ever. It's hard for me to say how it's going to turn around until we get some policymaking done in Washington. We have a 3- or 4- or 5-year horizon, and people cannot make decisions without that. So I think it's going to get tougher before it gets better. It will get better.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Maybe a question just on Europe, if you could just give us a sense of kind of what the trends were there. Sounds like you had a little bit of growth on the volume side, but I just want to get an overall sense if you are seeing a deceleration in that region as well.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we saw a little bit of a deceleration, although, frankly, Europe continues to be a good story for us. One of the macro shifts, or at least changes in trends, we are seeing is that the intra-regional shipments within North America, within Europe are continuing to show growth. Intra-Asia continues to show growth, and then the intercontinental shipments are a little weaker. So we're clearly seeing trade-down in Europe, so the premium products are not doing as well. But our trans-European shipments on the standard side are healthy. We have seen some declines on the Domestic volumes within the EU, although some of that is just revenue management activities. But we do see the economic declines a little more in our Domestic segment. But Europe's continuing to trade within itself, and that's why we continue to focus on it, to help Europe become more and more efficient.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Kurt, you mentioned the -- you're looking to decrease some costs. Can you kind of walk us through? It sounds like on the International move, you've made the move to pull out the 10%. Maybe on the domestic move during the downturn, you had kind of shut down some regional facilities. I don't know if they had reopened. What kind of steps can you -- can we expect to make, and what kind of cost leverage should we look for from that?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. I think on the International side, we've really made the decisions in -- and are making the big network changes, although, clearly, there's a tremendous amount of in-country work that can still be done internationally. It's just they're probably 70% to 80% on the way to getting it done. Domestically, I don't anticipate huge network restructuring, although we are looking at our capacity and usage, both in the air and the ground network, to make sure we're adjusting appropriately. We'll be looking at a typical range of costs, looking at initiatives, discretionary spending, really just making sure we've recalibrated the network. And, Ken, if you really look over the last 3 to 4 quarters, we've seen a pretty dramatic mix shift, volume coming from different areas going to different areas. And so we're looking at this as an opportunity, really, to step back and adjust the network and our expenses to match conditions and, at the same time, as Scott mentioned, also to revisit broadly where we are on the revenue and the management of that, both at the account level and also at the product level. So this is the time in which we're going to take a hard look. We've -- we're teeing up a significant number of initiatives to take a look, given this slow patch that we're in right now, to adjust and reposition ourselves to improve our competitiveness.
D. Scott Davis: We're really going to take advantage of the decentralization of marketing, where now we have the marketing teams in the districts who can look at the specific circumstances and adapt to it. So it will help us as we come out of this.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays.
Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess following up from the answer to Ken's question there. As you go through your account and your products review process, does that mean we're still going to see a lot of the focus on the B2C growth, but maybe some better core pricing on the core business?
Kurt P. Kuehn: I wouldn't lead to any one specific result on that. It's just -- it's been about a year or so since we've really broadened the portfolio and focused on expanding the footprint into the lightweight, migrating into that. So clearly the B2C issues, the product positioning will be important. And then of course, given -- looking at the entire part of the core portfolio will be a part also.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. David Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Could you help characterize like the -- how much of the reduction in your guidance is from a slowing or less-than-expected recovery in International volumes versus the weakening Domestic picture?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Probably the bigger change in the quarter has been the Domestic outlook. Clearly, the International got a little bit worse than we thought. We thought our export volumes would be up a couple of percent more, and yes, the exports out of Asia really did fall off a cliff. So there were some there, but the more material issue really has been the deceleration in the core Domestic demand and some of the economic conditions I think that Scott has talked about.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, exactly. I think in the second quarter, clearly, International was the biggest culprit. But going forward, I think the challenge is going to be Domestic, and as we said before, just a lot of weak numbers over the last 2 months caused us concern for the next 6 months.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So the outlook has been more affected by the slowdown in Domestic?
D. Scott Davis: Outlook in Domestic, correct, yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Trahan.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: There is a meaningful step-down in your view, obviously, of the U.S. economy. And I'm trying just to understand, Scott, how much of this is reading the data that you're seeing coming out of the government and how much of this is specific to what you're either hearing from your customers or seeing in your volumes in June and July? And when did you kind of take this step-down in your view of the world?
D. Scott Davis: Ed, I think its a combination, as you'd expect. I think, clearly, the recent numbers have been disappointing that we've seen over the last 2 months, but I think it's a combination of doing that and talking to customers. And again, the lion's share of our customers are small business. And you talk to them, they are very much concerned with all that's going to happen at the end of this year, with the fiscal cliff. And we all read the impact if all the Bush tax cuts go away and the sequestration hits. And you could have a 4% impact. Our customers read that. So I'd say it's a combination of the 2. They're -- customers are concerned. They're not going to invest. They're not going to hire people. They're not going to stock inventory with all that uncertainty. I think Bob Zoellick said the other day even, "We're one debt ceiling deal away from getting this economy going again." So we got to get that done.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Is the 3.5% domestic volume throughout the quarter much worse in June than it was in April or in July than it was in June?
D. Scott Davis: Just slightly worse, I think, slightly worse.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit just on the pricing side. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty on the volume. But kind of with some of the trade-down and also just with the worsening kind of outlook for a lot of your customers, how are you seeing the pricing environment in terms of pushing through everything that you would have liked to?
Kurt P. Kuehn: We think the pricing environment remains fairly stable and firm, and if you do dissect and decompose the mix changes and the customer size and all of that, the pricing is stable, and we are seeing positive core pricing and base rate increases. So we're not overly concerned on the pricing environment. Although, clearly, if the economy slows more, there'll be, perhaps, a little more pressure. So I think for us it's more just a broad portfolio review and making sure that we're balanced and adapted to where we are seeing demand and adjusting where we're not.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can I ask for a little bit of clarification on the comments that you made, I think it was last week, just that UPS does intend to bid on the postal service business, the priority mail contract? I was always under the impression that one of the reasons FedEx had that business was because of the size of their air fleet. Do you have the sort of underutilization in your air fleet that you could handle that? Or would it all go through the ground network? How does this -- I don't sort of know how that would fit into the UPS network.
D. Scott Davis: Bill, I think, clearly, we have the air network and ground network to satisfy those needs. USPS has informed us the intent to solicit bids on these air services for September 2013 forward. We've informed them that we're clearly interested in bidding on that business. Today, we already do well over $100 million of line haul with the post office. We've got a strong, strong international air network, world-class network. We have proven logistics capabilities. We think it fit very well into UPS in the future.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So it wouldn't -- there's no capacity constraint for you.
D. Scott Davis: No, I mean, we'll have to do some adjustments to our capacity, getting a lot of this done in the 2-day network. We can do some things on the ground. So we can make it fit.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Chris Ceraso of Crdit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: You mentioned with regard to Asia that it's, in large part, a function of weaker demand in the U.S. and Europe, which suggests that it's cyclical. But are you seeing any things that are more secular? Any kind of relocation of supply chains out of Asia that suggest that even when economies recover, maybe Asia won't be quite as strong as it used to be for you?
D. Scott Davis: I think that's overdone. I think that there's some of that going on, but it, clearly, is not the driving force right now between the -- the gap between global trade and global GDP. So I think we're seeing a little bit of it. But we go out and talk to our customers, you see very few instances where they've actually taken manufacturing and brought it back home or brought it back close to home. I think that's more likely if energy prices were to get to the $150 level. Then I think you look at that again. But I think it's -- there's more dislocation in China going to West China, things like that going on, than there is China back to U.S. or to Mexico.
Operator: Our next question in queue will come from the line of Mr. John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just as you've revised down the outlook for the balance of this year, can you talk about just your CapEx outlook as well? And if things were to decelerate further, how much more quickly could you take your CapEx down as well? Or is there things that you could put on hold or cancel outright and kind of reserve that cash?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, John, certainly, we've got flexibility, although, frankly, we're down to only 4% of revenue for CapEx this year, and we have been for the last 3 or 4 years. So we're -- we are at historically low levels. I guess the other element, at least, looking out a couple of years, is we just got another 2 years of major deliveries of aircraft. And then after that, we'll be in pretty good shape, we think, for the medium term, at least. So CapEx, we'll -- I wouldn't imagine dramatic changes, although things like vehicles and some facilities, we can react pretty quickly on. So we're generating very strong cash flow. So right now, that's the least of our worries. As we mentioned, we've got $7 billion in cash and marketable securities. Some of that's offset with some short-term liabilities, but we are focused on building the appropriate balance sheet to be able to close the TNT deal, really, without having to go out and issue any long-term debt. So we feel very comfortable with cash flow. One of the attributes, I think, of UPS that makes us unique is, even in tough times, we've remained extremely cash flow positive. So we'll look at capital expenditures. We will reduce the things that aren't essential. On the other hand, you look at investments like expanding Worldport through the midst of the recession. We're also going to continue to do those things that add long-term value no matter what the economic climate is.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Sterne Agee & Leach.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Could you discuss the currency effects and how it's affecting you both top line and bottom line and what this looks like for the rest of fiscal year?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, Jeff. It is a turbulent period for currency. And although it's funny with us moving towards the TNT closure, we're not sure which way to vote for the euro, frankly. It had a very significant impact on revenue. If you look at -- without currency adjustment, our yields in International were down 2.5%. But if you look on our web schedules at the next page, it shows that if you currency adjust, they were up 2.1%. So that's almost 4.5% impact of currency on our International revenues, and that doesn't include anything on the Supply Chain & Freight. So it is a turbulent period, creating some challenges for year-over-year comps and also for profit planning. We do have some hedges in place that are helping to mitigate the P&L impact, and currency was just a minor negative in the quarter and, frankly, was more or less offset by a slight positive on fuel. So it has not been a big deal so far, although clearly, over the time, as -- if euro stays very low, then there will be some earnings translation impact. On the flip side, we do have a pretty big check to write to complete the TNT acquisition, and a low euro clearly makes that much less expensive in dollar terms.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: No, that's what I was going to ask. I mean, I guess it got about 14% cheaper this quarter.
Kurt P. Kuehn: It's dropped quite a bit. And I think at the time that we announced the deal, it was 1 32, something like that. And so it has dropped almost 10% now, which, certainly, in dollar terms is good news.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. David Campbell of Thompson, Davis & Company.
David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: My question is on the Olympics. You talked about that during your presentation, talking in terms of 30 million packages. And when I look at the potential international package count in the third quarter, it comes in around 150 million. That sounds like a big increase. But on the other hand, I didn't see any big revenue growth when you did the Beijing games 4 years ago. So I'm just curious as to where we'll see and will we see the revenue benefit from that -- those gains.
D. Scott Davis: David, you won't see the revenue there. You won't see the volume of pieces. It's a combination and partly sponsorship. We get compensated for pieces of what we're doing there. It's primarily about brand recognition. I think we did a great job in Beijing, where like our brand recognition went up about 33% in Beijing. We want to do the same thing in Europe, and the timing is perfect for the TNT acquisition coming forward. So it's primarily about brand. You won't see it in the P&L.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Mr. Ben Hartford of William -- or excuse me, Robert William Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I just wanted to get your perspective on inventories and the weakness, the volume weakness that you're seeing on the margin here in the United States. Could you provide some sort of characterization on inventories, where we sit today, maybe retail versus industrial? It seems as though industrial inventory's on balance or slightly heavier than one might have expected to end 2Q. Are we seeing inventory reductions? Are we seeing a pause as shippers manage towards very, very tight inventories? Could you provide any sort of context on that?
D. Scott Davis: It's hard to really see the visibility of inventories, Ben. I think it's hard for economists. It's hard for the government to see that. I'm always skeptical on those reports. But I think in general, from us talking to customers, I think inventories are quite low. It's hard to imagine them getting much lower than they are today, I think, across-the-board, both on the manufacturing side and the retail side. Now visibility tools and those technology, that makes it easier to manage inventories, but I would say from our vantage point, inventories are rock bottom right now.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Peter Nesvold of Jefferies.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Comp and benefit as a percent of revenue, so that ratio has been falling every quarter since 2009, and we're at record levels now. Well, we were at first quarter. This is the first quarter where that percentage was up. It's been the biggest area of margin expansion since the trough in '09. So I guess my question is, are we kind of going into a 1 to maybe 2-quarter transition period where you realign the Domestic and International networks and then we get further improvement in the comp and benefits line as a percent of revenue? Or are we starting to bump up against really where you can -- where you end up maxing out?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, that's a good question, because, clearly, there's -- we are seeing, as I mentioned, some headwinds, especially on the benefit side. We have had a couple of years of good experience on our health care. And just in the last, I'd say, 3, 4 months, we've started to see some trends of increasing expenses, increased number of lives handled per employee as perhaps more people latch onto UPS insurance, perhaps if the second working spouse doesn't have insurance, and some increased experience. So that's the most notable cost change, and we did guide that, that may drive domestic comp and ben up almost 1%. So there is some headwinds on that side. Clearly, that cycles a little bit, and we'll -- we're continuing to evaluate that and work on it. Other than that, I think with the continued focused on productivity, the automation of our operations, the information-driven pickup and delivery that we've got and the focus on lightweight, which certainly drives less direct hours, we should continue to see positive trends. So we're able to manage that in line with comp and -- with volume levels. But right now, at least, I think you have the health and welfare expenses. Pension also, is driving over $100 million this year. And so that is an element that, at least, for the next couple of quarters is going to be an outlier.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Helane Becker of Dahlman Rose.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on the declines that you're making in the capacity adjustment. So it takes a couple of quarters to bring that down. And then I suppose when things start to turn around, it will take a quarter or so to bring it back. So by making these adjustments now, are you thinking that any downturn is kind of a 4-quarter event? Or how should we think about the potential if things do or when you think things do turn around?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Helane, that's good question. I think you almost have to separate the International and the Domestic. Clearly, we have made some fairly significant reductions in the Asia, capacity to Europe and, most notably, to U.S. There is a lag there for planning schedules and all that. We do think that we'll see some uplift in the fourth quarter though. There are some major product launches coming in the fourth quarter, and at least, we do have some optimism that, that Asia export will pick up then. So we'll plan accordingly. And we can react with ad hoc flights and those things, although they're typically not as efficient. We think in the U.S., this has been a gradual process. And so we're adapting, and clearly, we'll be responsive and flexible if the holiday season comes in stronger than planned. But at this point, we're probably erring on the cautious side.
D. Scott Davis: Right, right. Helane, definitely, in Domestic, we can take them up and bring them down quicker than we can in International.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. David Ross of Stifel, Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On the cost side, Kurt, most of the costs were held in check in the quarter, but the other expenses line item rose over 8% year-over-year. You mentioned that there were some costs related to the M&A activity, but what were the other big contributors there?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, one of the things, you do have the credit last year of over $30 million because of the real estate transactions. That's the most notable, and in the other-other line anyway, that distorted things a little bit. Other than that, the network's in pretty good shape. Repairs and maintenance are moderated, little bit of increase in depreciation as we've brought in a number of new aircraft. So the only real notable expenses in the other-other part of it is the last year issue, and frankly, we do have some increased expenses that show up in that line, legal fees and some of those things. So your instincts are right that, that's where some of the M&A expenses show up.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Anthony Gallo of Wells Fargo.
Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned the importance of B2C going forward. Would you mind touching on some trends you're seeing there, maybe uptake in My Choice, any changes in package weight sizes and anything you're doing on the productivity front with B2C?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. We're continuing to see just great success on that front. The -- I think we're up over 1.5 million unique My Choice customers now that have shipped over 13 million shipments, and it continues to be one that's -- that there's a lot of interest in, kind of a viral issue. Once people start getting used to these proactive notifications, their ability to redirect shipments and just know what's going on, it has been very well received. So that's been a great product offering from the receiver or the buyer. And then we are seeing increased interest, frankly, by some of the high-quality Internet shippers in helping their customers become My Choice members, because it really eliminates a lot of the where-is-my-package phone calls. So it offers a direct savings to Internet companies in support and also increases satisfaction. So we remain very excited about that. It still is a very unique and distinctive offering, and that is a big part of our value proposition these days.
D. Scott Davis: And that's kind of U.S. focused. We obviously have the global B2C focus, too, and the Kiala acquisition that we announced 3 or 4 months ago is making great progress also. We're continuing to invest in technology there, so we're excited about having the alternative delivery locations available for our customers. So it'll continue to grow. We'll continue to invest in it.
Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Can you put any color on what My Choice does for you operationally? I mean, it sounds like there's benefits for you in there as well.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, there is. There is. The -- one of the most frustrating things for any delivery company is when there's a package that needs to have a signature or monies collected and people aren't home. It creates a disconnect. It drives an additional delivery attempt, an added expense, added miles. So with My Choice, people, A, get a prediction of when the package will arrive. And if they want a different time, they can select that for a premium charge or they can redirect it to another location. So there is a direct operating savings also.
Operator: Our next question will be a follow-up from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. I wanted to ask you kind of a broader question. When we think about Europe as -- seems to be in recession, and if you look at 2013 and 2014 and you think about that TNT acquisition and integration and so forth, is it tougher to be successful in integrating and holding on to business and producing the results with TNT if the European economy is soft? Or given that a lot of your activity is going to be cost takeout, is that actually an okay environment in terms of if you think about complicated integration of putting 2 pieces together?
D. Scott Davis: I'd always pick a strong, growing economy, Tom, if I had my picks. But frankly, I think Europe is not far different from what we thought when we announced this thing back in March. I think it's about where we thought it'd be, so no surprises. We're going to work very well together, I think, and have a customer-focused integration. I don't think what we're seeing right now changes anything. I like a better economy. I like a stronger economy. But the numbers we said and quoted back in March are numbers that will still see as achievable.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from the line of Mr. Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess I just wanted to put some context around the 10% reduction in the Asian capacity. Where were you guys, as of now, relative to plan at the beginning of the year, in terms of level below on that air capacity? And then I think, Kurt, you alluded to the potential for a product cycle on the tech side in the fourth quarter. I mean, how quickly can you ramp back up? And where does this 10% put you in terms of critical mass in that market? And how much further could you go down if you saw things deteriorate? Just trying to get some ideas around this cut.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Okay, a couple of folder -- a couple of pieces to that one. Clearly, things are weaker than we thought when we developed plans for this year. That 10% reduction was not anticipated. We have -- we were reacting to the slowdown that began, frankly, about this time last year. We seem to be jinxed with July business trends. And so we had implemented that first 10% reduction, and most of that was in reduced frequencies, maybe 4 days a week rather than 6, that kind of a thing, in some cases, for cargo and for our deferred products, we can catch up to those during the off days. This latest series of reductions has been a tough decision for us, because we have to adjust our costs. But on the other hand, as many of you have mentioned, with an anticipated product cycle that may drive capacity, we've got to be ready for it. So we had not anticipated those reductions, but we've gone through and we still really -- we've held service fully intact across the continents. So it's not that we've made dramatic changes in customer experience, but we may have gone from 3 or 4 flights from a given airport down to 2 or 3. So once again, it's more reduction in the service frequencies and the number of flights, but we are getting pretty tight. We're taking our network down to -- beginning to get to the -- close to the point where we were at the low time in 2009. So it is -- we're fairly lean right now. On the other hand, given the fact that we do expect to see some uplift in the fourth quarter, we're in position for that, making sure we have the assets and can react accordingly. On the tech side, yes, we do expect product launches. We've talked to some of the major OEMs then, so that's all built into our plans, and one of the reasons why, frankly, we are looking for stronger profit improvements in Q4 as compared to what will likely be a challenging Q3. Especially with Europe in August and the weak conditions in Europe, we think this will be a pretty soft August.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question from the line of Mr. Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to see if we could get just some broad commentary on the upcoming Teamster's negotiations. So if we think back to the last contract that you signed, it sort of had this aspect of, look, there are some pretty big changes that we've made here to gain on productivity, but then, of course, we went into a downturn, and it didn't get the volume growth we expected. So I think -- and you can correct me if I think this is a wrong characterization. But I think, perhaps, it didn't get the quite the savings you expected. Are there any sort of changes in how you'll sort of approach the ask this time around? Or is it more kind of a let's keep going down this path, because we think, eventually, we will have an upturn and get the volume growth and the productivity?
D. Scott Davis: Bill, I think that the good thing is that the formal talks begin soon, but even better thing is that we've been communicating regularly since the last contract. And the competition committees that we have set up with the Teamsters and our own people, we address all the issues very frequently. So we look at competitive aspects. I think all the issues that are impacting us and the Teamsters have been on the table already. When we get to the formal talks here in September, I think it's -- nothing is going to be a surprise of what's going on here. So I'm very optimistic that there's no surprises on either sides as we get together in September.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. But clearly, we have to work together to adapt and change, and it will not be a business-as-usual discussion. And so we're looking creatively for ways to allow UPS to grow, and we've seen great examples of that and, at the same time, also allow us to be able to generate profit improvements. We just don't talk about the details in public. But as Scott said, we think the environment's very productive. We talk about both the opportunities and the problems we face and do expect things to be favorably resolved.
D. Scott Davis: But to your point, Bill, the world is a lot different than it was 5 years ago. So that certainly is part of the talks.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, right. I mean, just, obviously, it's a recognition of kind of things have changed from last time. So I thought maybe there's scope for a bigger discussion, but I appreciate the thoughts.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So in the context of all the International export volumes being under pressure, and it sounds like you guys are going to be adjusting the network down, but at the same time, it looks like DHL is actually adding aircraft into their international network. Can you comment on the pricing environment in International exports, the long-haul transcon stuff?
Kurt P. Kuehn: I think the package environment looks relatively stable. We have seen some volatility, I guess, in pricing on the Freight side and some of the heavy lift of the large shipments. You've got to separate the wheat from the chaff a little bit on capacity increases and see how much is going on. So we don't see huge amounts of capacity being added to the network, no matter what the press releases say, and we think the market's pretty rational.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So the -- no slowdown in the heavyweight package pricing?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, clearly, Freight yields right now are weaker. You saw that in our Forwarding revenues, that rates are lower right now on the Forwarding and on the cargo side. Our forwarder, though, has operated very effectively. As I said, we had peak margins for Supply Chain & Freight this quarter. I know that there's a lot of other big stuff going on, but that has been a great process for us, and we're on both sides of the equation. We see as -- having an airlift, the package environment is stable. But cargo and Freight rates are certainly weak, but then our forwarder has been able to capitalize on that and generate the -- really, the best margins we've seen.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Mr. Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Trahan.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Just on the LTL, there hasn't been much conversation about that. Are you seeing slowing trends there? And can you give some sense of what the operating ratio look like at the LTL division?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Ed, you're right. That's yet another business that we havent had a chance to chat about it. I guess we're getting too diversified. No, Freight had a strong quarter on the profit side. We had mid-single-digit margins with significant improvements over last year. We have seen growth moderating in the industry, and clearly, we were fairly disciplined on the pricing and volume that we targeted. So we do think that the industry is slowing a bit, but we've been very pleased by the productivity, some of the operational technology we're putting in. And so a good, solid quarter for the Freight side, but not -- it's not a super exciting time, we think, for shipment growth.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Andy Dolny for any closing remarks.
Andy Dolny: Yes. I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning, and have a great day. Take care now.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations D. Scott Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Kurt P. Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Steven, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations' First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now our pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, UPS Treasurer and Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning. Today, I'm joined by Scott Davis, our CEO; and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, to discuss the company's results for the quarter and future expectations. Before they begin, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2011 Form 10-K report. This report is available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures and free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, are explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release. These schedules are also available on the UPS Investor Relations website in the Financials section. In March, UPS announced it reached an agreement to acquire TNT Express. Although we expect the transaction to close before the end of the year, any guidance that we provide will not include the results of TNT operations nor any synergies or integration expense associated with the acquisition. As always, today's call is being webcast and is also available on the UPS Investor Relations website. [Operator Instructions] I thank you in advance for your cooperation.  Now let me turn it over to Scott.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone. 2012 is off to a good start for a couple of reasons. First, we announced our intention to acquire TNT Express, an investment that will contribute to our growth for many years to come.  Secondly, looking more near-term, first quarter results built upon momentum from last year. We continue to see strong demand from UPS products and services, especially in the U.S. and Europe. Both the U.S. Domestic and Supply Chain and Freight segments delivered double-digit profit growth in the quarter.  Back in January, we discussed that expectations for the U.S. economy were improving, especially compared to the rest of the world. During the quarter, the most positive news has come from the U.S. where indications of economic rebound are evident. Retail sales have grown faster than expected, and the employment environment has improved.  On the other hand, economies in other parts of the world continue to face challenges. Europe struggles under austerity measures, and slowing growth persists out of Asia.  Despite this, we continue to see our export volume in both Europe and intra-Asia perform well. UPS is executing on its strategy of investing to grow with the announcement of 2 acquisitions.  First, in February, we acquired the European consumer delivery company, Kiala. Its retail delivery network and unique technology will benefit UPS, as we continue to look for ways to serve the growing B2C market, especially outside the U.S. As you know, last month, UPS announced an offer to acquire TNT Express. While we have not closed on the transaction, we have made initial contact with the regulators.  UPS remains confident it will receive all required approvals. The acquisition of TNT will diversify our global revenue, increasing our portfolio of solutions and expanding our geographic footprint. We're excited about the prospects of adding such a strong and respected company to the UPS family.  During the quarter, UPS received accolades from a number of organizations for our reputation, ethics and brand. One of the more widely recognized honors we received was the #1 ranking with Fortune Magazine as our industry's most admired company. This is the 27th time UPS has received this recognition in the 31 years the award has been given.  Also during the quarter, UPS My Choice, the B2C solution we introduced in October, surpassed 1 million subscribers. UPS has received a positive response from customers, as they enjoy unprecedented levels of visibility and control over their deliveries.  Before I turn it over to Kurt, I want to congratulate the almost 6,000 members of the UPS Circle of Honor: Individuals who have achieved 25 years or more of accident-free driving. In fact, this year, we recognized our first driver to surpass the 50-year milestone. That's truly amazing. This is just one example of how these drivers and the rest of the approximately 400,000 UPS's around the world contribute to our company's success.  As you can see, 2012 is off to a good start. UPS continues to be a global leader, investing for growth, developing innovative solutions and continuing to build on our corporate legacy.  With that, let me turn it over to Kurt to review the results for the quarter.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Yes, we are off to a good start. Daily package volume for the quarter was up a strong 4.3%, as online shipping continued the rapid growth seen last quarter. Boosted by strong results from the U.S. Domestic and Supply Chain and Freight segments, earnings per share grew 10%.  Let's take a look at the segments. Operating profit for the U.S. Domestic segment jumped 13% on revenue growth of 6.1%. Operating margin expanded by 70 basis points to the highest first quarter margin for this segment since 2008.  Our package volume increased 4.5%. Deferred products were up 10%, as online retailers clearly recognize the value of using our network to expedite the movement of goods to their customers.  Our Next Day Air volume increased 5%, with Next Day package up 6.5%. And some gains in letter volume, something, frankly, we've not seen in many quarters.  Our Next Day Saver product was the primary source of growth, as residential deliveries for large e-commerce shippers continued to expand. Ground shipments rose 4%, with approximately half of the growth resulting from a 30% increase in lightweight products. These solutions are proving to be very popular with our customers and are creating connectivity to other UPS products.  As we saw in the fourth quarter, the strong demand for saver and lightweight products, like SurePost, impacted yield growth. Base pricing was up about 2.5% to 3%, but it was somewhat offset by changes in product and customer mix that I just discussed.  The impact on yields will begin to moderate as we wrap the buildout of our SurePost launch. This will become most evident by the fourth quarter. Keep in mind, while these trends negatively impact yield, they do have a positive impact on our cost to serve and on our capital consumption.  Direct labor hours, block hours and miles driven all increased at a rate significantly less [ph] than the 4.5% volume growth. Operating leverage was also apparent in the quarter, as we continue to improve efficiency, benefiting from productivity gains, greater economies of scale and a mild winter.  Now turning to the International segment. Although we face some challenges, primarily due to shifting trade patterns, our international export volume continues to perform well, up 5.4%. Average daily volume comparisons did benefit by about 1% due to year-over-year differences in local operating days.  Looking at the regions, exports increased at a mid-single digit pace for both Europe and the Americas. However, our long higher-yielding lanes out of Asia were relatively flat. We also saw European shippers increasing their reliance on our standard products.  International yield growth was flat, as the benefits from the fuel surcharge and base rate increases were offset by the impact of shorter trade lanes, changes in product mix and the impact to currency.  On a currency-neutral basis, yield was up 2%. The International segment operating profit came in at $408 million. Currency translation and rising fuel costs accounted for over 1/3 of the $45 million decline, although our operating margin of 13.8% remains industry-leading.  Moving onto Supply Chain and Freight. Operating profits increased substantially, up 19%, with forwarding and distribution leading the way. The segment did receive a $9 million benefit from the sale of a surplus facility.  Revenue for the Forwarding business declined due to lower tonnage in yields, as excess capacity remained in the market. However, operating profit and margin improved due to growth in customized solutions and brokerage services in addition to improved productivity.  The Distribution business saw profit expansion in an environment of increased investment in health care capabilities. UPS expects to add 5 new health care compliant facilities this year around the world, bringing our total to 38 dedicated facilities.  And what is typically the most challenging quarter for the industry, our UPS Freight unit broke even. Tonnage declines were offset by higher revenue per 100 weight and improved productivity.  Looking now at cash and our balance sheet. UPS generated $1.8 billion in free cash flow during the period. Capital expenditures were $417 million, including the delivery of 3 additional 767s, bringing our total fleet count to 226 aircraft. In the quarter, the company repurchased more than 7 million shares for approximately $550 million. Less than expected, as internal guidelines caused us to restrict purchases during the TNT acquisition negotiations.  As UPS prepares to close on this transaction, we are reviewing multiple alternatives for financing. Although our plans are not yet finalized, we remain committed to the preservation of a strong balance sheet and our dividend approach. And under any scenario, we do expect significant share repurchases in 2012 and beyond. We are evaluating our options and will update you on our decision.  Regarding guidance. UPS is right where we expected to be at the end of the first quarter, so our full year guidance remains unchanged. We anticipate 2012 diluted earnings per share of between $4.75 to $5, which represents a 9% to 15% increase over 2011. I do, however, want to take a couple of minutes to provide more insight into the remaining quarters. On a consolidated basis, second quarter earnings per share is anticipated to grow at a similar pace to the first quarter. Third quarter earnings per share growth should be a bit lower due to one less operating day compared to last year's. And we expect fourth quarter earnings to grow at the fastest pace. This is due to the operating leverage generated by peak season volume growth and our proven ability to efficiently process e-commerce shipments.  Our guidance for the U.S. Domestic segment remains consistent with what we told you back in January. For the full year, we expect to generate high single-digit operating profit growth. Although our expectations are for 2% to 3% base pricing, yield growth will be muted by changes in product and customer mix. And we do anticipate average volume growth of 3.5% to 4%, with air growing slightly faster than ground.  Turning now to International. For the second quarter, we expect revenue trends to be similar to the first. Local day comparisons will negatively impact reported daily volume growth, a reversal of what we saw in the first quarter. Although we expect operating profit to improve compared to the first quarter, it will be relatively flat to last year.  Beyond the second quarter, year-over-year comparison should improve. For the second half of 2012, we expect operating profit growth in the mid-teens on high single-digit revenue improvement.  Regarding Supply Chain and Freight, we expect second quarter revenue growth to be similar to the first quarter and operating margin to be relatively flat compared to last year.  Looking at the second half of 2012, we anticipate operating profit growth of mid- to high-teens on high single-digit revenue growth.  So all in all, we're off to a good start to what should be an exciting year for UPS. Although market dynamics continue to change, UPS will benefit by adapting to them. Whether it's e-commerce growth, shifting trade patterns or demographic changes, UPS has the capabilities to meet the challenges.  Thanks for listening this morning. And now, Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Our first question will come from the line of Mr. Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, maybe a question, I guess, on the yield side. I just wanted to kind of tease out a little bit of the mix kind of impact as you go forward here and think about it. Is it 2Q and 3Q before 4Q you start to see a little bit of improvement where we can actually see that core yield growing in the kind of 2% to 3% range?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Certainly, the dramatic impact we've seen in our lightweight products has changed the shape of what you guys see anyway. The -- but the core underlying philosophy we have for pricing has not changed. On an account-by-account basis, our discipline and approach is the same. Individual customers are all being reviewed, and we are executing our normal yield processes. And if you look at Q4, really, the trends, if you take out fuel surcharge changes, the trends are really pretty stable. The only product, really, that sees any notable difference in changes, our Next Day product, where the substantial growth of the Saver product, which is the afternoon delivery, does come in at a lower yield, but generates substantially lower cost and so profits are good. But to answer your question directly, yes, what you really see is, as we just really initiated the SurePost at the beginning of last year, it ramped up and really began to hit its stride in Q4. So the year-over-year comps will moderate over the year. In Q4, you'll see more of the core underlying base rates that we've talked about.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Nate Brochmann of William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit just on that question strategically. I mean, obviously, you have the benefits of the integrated network and probably can ship pretty easily. But what are you having to do with the network to kind of accommodate the new SurePost product? And how do you kind of adjust the rest of the network to accommodate the faster pace of e-commerce that's obviously growing pretty rapidly?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, I think the thing that gives us some confidence that this is actually a positive trend for UPS is that with the deep integration we've done of these products through every component of our business, it flows through very smoothly, it utilizes existing assets and the incremental impact on the network is minimal. As we mentioned, our hours, our miles and those things are just barely up for the quarter, even though we showed some of the strongest volume growth you've seen in some time. Another great proof point of that is, I guess, if you look at the compensation and benefits, it's up 4% over year-on-year on 4% volume increase. So we are able to process this volume very efficiently, and the incremental impact on expense and capital is very minimal.
D. Scott Davis: And, Nate, I think things we're doing, like the My Choice, helps us get that delivery there the first time, has the consumer take control of it and get the delivery the first time. Kiala, the acquisition in Europe, looks at alternative delivery. Location's the same thing. We are having more deliveries, helps the density as opposed to the one package to one house. So the variety of things we're doing is helping that.
Kurt P. Kuehn: So it's an interesting time for us. We are seeing changing mix and at a rate that's more frequent and more significant than you'd normally seen. The core underlying momentum of the business remains very steady and our approach to the market is unchanged. Layering on top of that then, though is this rapid expansion of products frankly, that we haven't competed for in the past.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to touch on, I think, the kind of broader topic you're talking about here with B2C and the impact as well. If I look at fourth quarter, I think you've seen a pretty big favorable impact for B2C growth. And you see that in the deferred air, certainly. And you had a very strong incremental margin. I calculate just simply on the Domestic Package, 52%. It seems that your mix effect is probably similar in first quarter with a lot of growth in B2C. But the incremental margin shows up as 25% in Domestic Package. So I'm wondering if you can just talk about what the differences in the 2 would be. Because I guess looking at margin performance, that kind of helps us figure out whether it's good business or how good the business is that you're bringing on.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, Tom, it's a lot of moving parts to try to decompose incremental margin quarter-to-quarter, I guess. And clearly, we talked at some length about the Q4 and the process there. Certainly, in Q4, these trends were even more extreme. And as we mentioned during December, over half of our volume in aggregate was B2C. We feel good about the domestic margin expansion. We saw a full 70-basis point expansion. We expect margin expansion to continue with these trends.
D. Scott Davis: I think, typically, Tom, you're going to see that kind of change from Q4 to Q1. There's certainly some seasonality to that.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Would you think that incremental margin would accelerate then through the 2012? Or it's more of kind of fourth quarter is just different than you see in any of other quarters?
Kurt P. Kuehn: We're more focused on overall total margin improving than the calculation of the incremental margin quarter-to-quarter. We are confident that we're going to continue to increase the margins on the domestic side and work towards our long-term target.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I think, as we said in January as far as our margin goals domestically, we feel extremely confident, frankly, a little ahead of target right now.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe I can come at that a little bit differently. Just its typically the first quarter is impacted by weather and you obviously didn't have that this year. Yet, the volumes in the first quarter were the highest you've posted kind of relative to the rest of the year. So what occurs in the first quarter that pushes your overall margins to be the lowest? Again, I just want to dig into the understanding of that incremental concept of why we see this lower, given the beneficial weather and environment?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we did see significant improvements in margin. Q1, historically, is a tougher year. You still have winter weather and lower aggregated volumes typically versus the year spend overall. I mean, certainly there are some headwinds in the quarter. Fuel was a bit of a headwind with the rising fuel and the like and the surcharge. We do have some increased pension expenses, although, we'll see those all year, and that's in our guidance. So we're pretty comfortable with the 70-basis point improvement. Q1 is not typical of the entire year, and we expect to see margin continuing to increase over that. On the flip side, clearly, the -- we did -- this was a pretty benign weather period for Q1, and that helped to offset some of the things that I just mentioned. So we're pretty pleased just on, domestically, we're getting back to margins that we've not seen since early '08, and we expect them to continue to grow.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So just to understand that, there is something in the first quarter that keeps it lower than what you see in second and third quarter, despite volume declines on a relative basis in 2 and 3Q relative to what you see in the first quarter.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Historically, yes, Q1 is a challenging quarter for us in domestic because of the weather. As is Q3, usually the most challenging quarter in the international because of European holidays. So I think if you look those are pretty typical seasonal pattern.
Andy Dolny: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ben Hartford of Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I just wanted to talk about international and thinking about it over the course of the next 2 or 3 years, the margin performance in particular. In the release, you talked about changing product mix in shifting trade patterns as being one of the contributing factors to the margin declines year-over-year. So just trying to get a handle around how big of an impact that's going to be, given the changes in trade patterns expected going forward. And if we can kind of talk about it irrespective of TNT and just think about kind of shorter lengths of haul or changing lengths of haul, and what impact that might have over the next 2 or 3 years in terms of progress toward what you had talked about, I guess, late last year at the Analyst Day in terms of the ability to get back to 18-plus percent margins in the segment.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, clearly, it is a moving target right now. And we have seen, really, for the last 3 quarters, I guess, Asia be a bit of a challenge. It at least was more or less of a breakeven this quarter. So we did see an impact where the long-distance highest yield lanes, mainly Asia to Europe and the U.S., were relatively flat. Whereas we saw robust growth on intra-Asia and the European volumes, most of the exports, which tend to stay in the continent. I think over the medium term, we adjust all those in our combination of an air and ground network, allows us to create economic value out of both. Certainly, the capital demands of the intra-European volume are much less than dedicated high-value of assets flying 6,000, 7,000 miles. Although it does create challenges as those transitions happen. So we feel pretty good actually that we're in great shape to handle that. Whether it's regional trade patterns across North America or Europe, we can adapt and certainly be profitable. But it does have some impact on margins in the transition.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I think, longer-term, I think global trade is going to stay strong. I don't think you're going to see, long term, these trade flows change that dramatically. I think some of that Asia impact clearly has been weaker consumer demand in Europe than in last year, consumer demand in the U.S. which is picking up now. So I think we're fairly optimistic. You're going to see later this year some of the Asia export numbers start picking up again. So I think this is kind of a temporary predicament we're in right now.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, and I guess, just to reinforce, we are not sitting on our hands just watching these patterns change and not reacting. We are continuing to make network adjustments. We've -- if you look year-over-year, we've taken our Asia capacity down about 10%. We have some additional things that have been rolled out to maintain the kind of service levels we want, but at the same time, reduce our exposure. We continue to show great growth within our European capabilities, but we're also cautious. And so we have a number of operating cost initiatives there. We have seen some increase in consumers' choice of our lower-value products. And so there is definitely some trade down, which over time, is -- it can be adjusted because things like time of day and those, we reduce our cost, but it does require aggressive cost focus to get there. And at the same time, we're looking at revenue management strategies to make sure that we are extracting the value we should and being paid for the services. So there's a number of initiatives in the international to adapt. And we do -- clearly, we're not thrilled with the Q1 performance in international. It was a challenging quarter for us and, I think, for most players. But we've got pretty good plans and that's why we're confident in our results going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Trahan.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Outside of the mix issues with SurePost, it does seem like domestic volumes, particularly the Next Day Air, particularly spiked in the first quarter while the yields declined. Is there some intentional market share gains you're looking for in the Next Day Air? And can you talk to SurePost? And is that all recorded within ground? Or is there some of that, that impacts what the yields might look like in any of the air products?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Ed, I think there is some indirect benefit. I mean, SurePost is just one product in the portfolio. And I think as we've mentioned since we first introduced this, it is part of an overall combined value propositions for customers. So typically, for every SurePost product, there's 5 or 6 other packages through our traditional ground service or our air products. So there is some portfolio benefit, I guess. But we did see the e-commerce momentum that is clearly pushing our results right now, ripple through both to air and ground. I think in the fourth quarter, we talked about that being a big impact on our deferred air, as a lot of the premium retailers are taking advantage of the time-definite services. We're also seeing some of that ripple into the Next Day also. And it did create surprisingly strong growth in our Next Day product. The vast majority of that, as I said, is our Next Day Saver, which has no time-of-day commitment. So it really looks and feels to us like a traditional ground product, but it relies in our air network. So it is a good product for us. It doesn't have the kind of high delivery cost that a time-committed air product does. So we're very confident that it is good volume for us and that we can handle those e-commerce shippers' needs very appropriately.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, Ed, as Kurt said, clearly, the big change was I think the large online retailers looking for that competitive advantage and going to the Next Day Saver product. We are focused on that base rate 2% to 3% increase, and we're holding to that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Jeff Kauffman of Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: The big mix shifts going around and the previous 2 questions have addressed this as well. I think you did a great job, saying, okay, what's going on in Southeast Asia we think was kind of a shorter term issue related to consumerism. But how much of the mix shift and the shift down the product chain do you think is structural and kind of a longer-term fact of life, which it's sounding more like the U.S. is as opposed to just shorter term, this trade lane wasn't here or customers were just a little bit conservative with their product choices in a tough economy.
Kurt P. Kuehn: I don't think we're overly concerned on that, Jeff. I mean, clearly, Europe is a bit of a wildcard right now. So that's probably the area where there's the most movement. It's also a market that's not as mature for product differentiation. What we call our standard product, in a lot of cases, exceeds the delivery commitments of other companies' express products. So there may be some settling on it. But I don't -- we don't see this as a big risk. It's more a matter of adapting and having the appropriate capacity, both for the overnight services and then the definite [ph] services. So we don't see it as a long-term risk, I think. It's more of just a bit of a moving target. And as economies -- economic conditions get challenging, we do see customers tightening up a little bit and extending their time commitments and to save a little money on transportation.
D. Scott Davis: But what is not changing though is the growth of B2C. And that really benefits the small-package industry, and we're going to benefit from that. And that's some -- where you've seen some of the package volume grow. Now our job is to figure out the best way to serve that. And that's why we did the Kiala acquisition to help with the density on residential shipments on alternative delivery locations. That's why we did My Choice. So that trend will not change going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you guys put some numbers around the sequential shift in B2C? You talked about 50% of domestic in December. I guess I'm just trying to get at this in a different way and get a handle on back to Tom's question. Has that shifted and incremental margins move down sequentially? I guess I'm trying to understand if some of this business that's come on in the B2C space is coming on at discounted pricing because you're getting good volume through your network from like an Amazon Prime or somebody like that who's able to deliver big volume, and so it gives you good utilization, but you're willing to take a step down on the pricing on that product in order to get that and maybe get a foot in the door to raise price in a better time period. So I'm trying to understand how that mixed shift is working and the sequential change in the B2C percentage.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we are seeing some market shifts in the customer composition in the B2C space. Clearly, there has been consolidation. If you look back 5 years ago or more, there were more numerous players all vying to create market share in the B2C. And we have seen both some of the big traditional retailers become much more focused on it and some of the pure plays, like you mentioned. So, no, there is absolutely a large customer impact right now. We're seeing overall greater growth in large customers and small customers that does tend to reduce yields, but they also bring significant economies of scale, both in direct expense and in support expense because we can connect electronically to them. So that is a trend very much that's in place. Larger customers in general are outperforming. We've talked before about small business and the challenges they're facing. Nonetheless, across-the-board, on our revenue management, we are managing the customers and extracting base rate increases.
D. Scott Davis: Again, this is not a new trend. Back in September at our investor conference, we shared with you our long-term targets for domestic operating profit growth and domestic margin growth, and we're right on target. So I feel very confident with those long-term targets.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Art Hatfield of Raymond James.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was going to ask about the mixed shift, but I'm going to move on from that. I want to move on to the margins in Supply Chain and Freight. If I recall, and I can't remember what you said recently, but over the long haul, you always had a focus on that kind of high single-digits, roughly 7% -- I think 7% to 8%. You're kind of there in Q1. Can you talk a little bit about how you feel about where those margins are now in Supply Chain and Freight? And if you think you can get those up to double-digit levels?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, thanks, Art, for giving us something else to talk about here. No, we feel pretty good that this capability we built of an integrated Supply Chain and Freight offering is continuing to pay some dividends. We -- margins were very strong in the quarter. Although, clearly, the growth was more muted, as some of the buy rates on the forwarding side have come down over time. And we were able to adjust and adapt and taking cost out. So we feel great on that front. The distribution group is a great asset. We are investing right now, but we've been able to maintain decent margins there, even with the headwind of deep investment in health care. And then our UPS Freight group clearly has a lot of opportunity going forward. Their results were relatively flat in this quarter, but we're making great progress on differentiating ourselves and trying to strike a balance between being a disciplined yield player and still generating good growth.
D. Scott Davis: And that's what makes it -- that margin that much greater because when freight starts kicking in, then you can see better margins there.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Hey, I just -- I'm sorry to beat this dead horse, but I just want to understand when you have conversations with your customers and they're considering moving to a SurePost or a product like that, how does this conversation go? Because I think all of us sort of look at this and say, it's not just the yield mix risk, there's a profit risk mix as well. And I know you're aware of sort of the risks there. But how do you ensure that you can keep defenses up and keep premium ground. Because ground is so good for you that I'd think by offering your SurePost, you'd create some risk of cannibalization of your own very good business. So how do you manage that? How do you think about that?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, I think, Bill, it's a portfolio management issue. I mean, we've always faced that issue as having such an integrated network. It's very easy for customers to move from 8:00 a.m. air to 10:30 to Saver to 2-day air products to ground. So it's not a new concept at all for us. And I think, if anything, we've had a lot of experience. We do -- the SurePost is one piece of a puzzle, but what it really is, is it's giving us now a relevance in a very lightweight in to the market than in a lot of cases where we weren't relevant before. So there's always cannibalization risk. But at the same time, we're continuing to differentiate our ground product. If you use SurePost, you can't take the advantages of the great UPS pickup and delivery network as much, you don't have the capabilities with My Choice to redirect deliveries. So it's a multi-tiered strategy of differentiating the UPS ground product, but at the same time, offering a different alternative for very lightweight, low-value shipment. So is there risk to it? Absolutely. Do we talk about those things? Those are critical marketing issues, and the appropriate approach is what we've done from years, is to create differences across our product line, price those appropriately and then let customers take advantage of it. So the vast majority of what we're seeing is new volume coming in that we hadn't been really targeting. Is there some transition from our basic product, which was a start on this into SurePost? Absolutely. But in aggregate, it's bringing more volume in all fronts across rather than cannibalizing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. David Vernon of Sanford Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: You talked a little bit about pulling down buybacks in the quarter. Can we expect that to get made up in the second and third quarter? Can you give us a little bit more insight as to what you're expecting on that front?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, we -- once we got hot and heavy on the discussions with TNT, it was appropriate for us to restrict our purchases in the market. Fortunately, we had put in some accelerated share repurchases before that started. So we weren't -- we were able to at least continue to purchase that reasonable amount of shares. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are revisiting a number of alternatives for how we finance and structure the acquisition -- pending acquisition of TNT. And we do expect to reach conclusion on that in the not too distant future. We intend to maintain a very strong balance sheet. Our dividend policy will remain unchanged. But we are reviewing the purchase -- the repurchase strategy. And we do expect to be a significant buyer of stock under all scenarios. But at least at this point, we're not ready to lock in guidance as far as repurchases in the short to medium term. We'll give you guys an update on that not too far in the future.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Peter Nesvold of Jefferies.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So if I take a step back, earnings were up 10% year-over-year this quarter. The midpoint of the range implies 12% earnings growth. So you've got to grow low teens for the rest of the year. And there are a lot of different moving parts. You've identified a number of them. And I promise I'm not asking you to write my note for me. But could you rank prioritize let's say the 3 key bullet points why is year-over-year earnings growth going to accelerate as this year progresses? Because it does seem that you had some tailwinds, so whether it's productivity from good weather in the U.S. or additional operating days in Asia.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, although Andy said he would volunteer to write your note for you. He just wants you to know.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I don't think my boss would let me, but...
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, no, as we said, we actually are right on target for what we expected. There may be a couple of you that got a little ahead, but it's -- there's not dramatic differences, I think. We do have some headwinds with fuel moving up a little bit this quarter and the currency wasn't particularly friendly. Those things -- we expect currency, clearly, to moderate with our hedges in place. So the international gets a little bit of help there. We do expect our ability to adjust and adapt to the international, so we're going to -- we showed negative earnings declines in Q1 for international. We do not expect those going forward. We're going to see improved results. And the business momentum, we feel is strong. I mean we feel great about what's going on in the Domestic business, 13% profit improvement. We feel the momentum in the Domestic business continues unabated. So we feel good about the U.S. economy. And we also saw some stability and firming in Asia, I think, in March and into April anyway. So we feel, in general, positive and think that the guidance is appropriate.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I think when we gave the guidance in January, we talked about tough comparisons for forwarding and for international package in the first half of the year. Obviously, Asia fell off in August of last year, and the comps get much easier in the second half of the year for both the international package and forwarding. So like I say -- as Kurt said, we're right on target where we thought we'd be at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just in looking at this specific quarter and the next couple of quarters. Can you elaborate at all, were there any costs associated with what you have done on TNT? And any costs associated with the expansion of airfreight capacity that you mentioned in your press release around Latin America that you can quantify, that would have impacted this specific quarter that might not be there on an ongoing basis? Kind of startup costs or onetime in nature, as you kind of tackle those 2 issues.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Clearly, we got a lot of people spending a lot of time in airplanes and other activities, John. But at least in the scheme of the scope of UPS, I'd hate to characterize those things as anything but negligible. We do have expenses everyday. Clearly, the Kiala acquisition, we've got work we're doing on that to build the capability across the globe. But in the scheme of things, most of that is not material. And the bulk of the expenses, clearly, with the potential TNT acquisition will be in Q2, Q3. And as it gets to be material, we will discuss and give you guys clarity around those. So at this point, they're more of a rounding issue.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And in the expansion in Latin America?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Just -- well, that's just part of our overall dynamic air fleet network. It does add some expense as we add capacity there. But once again, not enough to hugely move the needle. But that's -- I mean, some of the steps we make now will position us well and that's part of why we're giving the guidance we are going forward.
D. Scott Davis: The biggest drag on international clearly was fuel cost, it was currency and slow growth out of Asia.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Brandon Oglenski of Barclays.
Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just want to come back to this Next Day Saver product that you guys are definitely showing quite a bit of growth in. It's been my understanding that, at least historically, some of your highest cost operations are delivering those Next Day packages to residential addresses. So how is that levering into your network here where you can get similar profit profile on those new packages?
Kurt P. Kuehn: That's a great question. And that is really why the Saver distinction is so critical for residential. It is very challenging for us or anybody to work their way out to a residential suburban area and make an 8:00 a.m. commitment. Or in some cases, even a 10:30 commitment. You do what we call break trace. You go off the optimal travel path or you have to have a dedicated driver driving it out there. With the Saver agreement, we get it there next-day guaranteed, but we have the flexibility to deliver it in the afternoon. So we're able to deliver that package during the normal optimal trace that all of our great operational technology tells us we should. But there's a dramatic reduction in operating expense in return for not having that early-morning commitment. Most consumers aren't driving to get the thing first thing in the morning. If they are, then the product would not be Saver. So it's a great way to generate next-day air yields, but have a minimal impact on the pickup and delivery operation and utilize our integrated network. One other interesting anecdote, which I mentioned earlier, was we did see growth in our letter products that we are seeing a beginning of an uptick in refinancing applications in the mortgage industry. So that's another nice trend that has taken letters from being negative to positive and that this is the first quarter in some time that we've seen that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. David Campbell of Thompson, Davis & Company.
David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: During your initial comments, you said the international trends and revenue trends in the second quarter would be like the first quarter. But there's been substantial rate increases, sea freight and some in airfreight, and some, as you mentioned, firming in the Asia-Pacific market. So I'm kind of surprised that the revenue growth will be the same as the first quarter.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, there -- the first quarter was almost -- you can almost split the first quarter into half as far as the airfreight market. We were very disappointed in January results. And then, February didn't fully compensate for it. So it was a challenging period. In March, as some of the big product launches came out, then there was an improvement in demand and yields did move up. So it's hard that the first quarter was really a tale of 2 different cycles any way. We've seen demand stabilize a bit. Although I don't get a sense that yields are moving up significantly in the airfreight industry right now. If anything, there may be a slight decline having forwarded.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Chris Ceraso of Crdit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on the international business. I know you've mentioned that Asia to U.S. and Asia to Europe was a little bit soft. And you characterized it mainly as a consumer concern on the delivery side of that. But are you seeing anything with your customers that are relocating any of their manufacturing facilities back to North America, for example? And is there maybe some underlying structural trend that will weigh on outbound Asia volumes going forward?
D. Scott Davis: I don't think so, Chris. I mean I think there's some of that and there is -- we're seeing some manufacturing growth in the United States. But I don't think we're seeing a dramatic shift at this point in time. I think what will drive that shift is energy prices if they climb. I think that a big change in lanes, I think, would be if energy prices do climb a lot then you will see some near sourcing. But today, I don't think there's dramatic shift yet.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. David Ross of Stifel, Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: With UPS Freight, surprised by the tonnage decline there. It seemed to be an easy comp quarter and industry volumes were higher, especially with yields not being too great either. Can you talk a little bit about why the negative volume there?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, it's a combination of kind of us trying to find the right balance of growth in yields and also some tough comps to last year. We had a pretty strong quarter last year with substantial growth in both yields and shipments. And we are seeing some moving patterns. Some of the players in the market are getting a little more aggressive. So we're trying to find a middle ground right now as things stabilize. So we feel good that the business unit's making good progress, but we are trying to be selective and continuing to focus more on the middle market areas than an across-the-board growth strategy.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line Of Helane Becker of Dahlman Rose.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: So you have, I think, a pilot contract that came due recently. Can you just give us an update on how the negotiations were going and what the timing is using for resolving that?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, Helane, the contract became amendable and we are having discussions. But I'd say we're early on the discussion at this point in time. Typically, in pilot negotiations, they don't get completed until 2, 3 years after the amendable date. We're hoping to get it done sooner than that. But so far, early in discussions and they are underway.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I thought it would be helpful if you could give us a little breakdown in terms of what the composition of the yields were. I know you talked about kind of 2% to 3% base price. But can you run through on, let's say, the air express -- I don't know if you want to do air express and ground. But how much is price? How much is change in weight per piece? And then how much is fuel impact just to give us a little better sense of what's really driving the yields?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, Tom, we did see a big impact on overall weight. The ground was down a couple of percent in aggregate and our air products were down 4% to 5%. So that's a fairly large piece. The -- probably the most notable issue, and that encompasses both the mix of the B2C, which tends to be lighter, and the lightweight focus. The core underlying base rate, in most cases, is 2% to 3% customer-to-customer. So the changing mix, both of lower service, with Saver, for example, where there is a yield hit. Although, as we mentioned there's an offsetting price benefit. As I mentioned, Q4 to Q1, the trends are very similar for ground and deferred air, if you take out fuel surcharge. Next Day Air shows a bigger difference because of the substantial increases we're seeing on the Saver side and the weight being letters. So all in all, the base rates, as we factor out those things, are very steady at the 2.5% to 3%. Ground, a little better than that average. Air maybe a little below that average. But we know that on a customer-by-customer basis, as we do our customer strategies, those yield and freezes are happening. But with the significant mix change, it has masked that a bit.
Operator: Due to time constraint, our last question will come from the line of Mr. David Vernon of Sanford Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Could you maybe give us an update on the regulatory process with TNT?
Kurt P. Kuehn: All right, sure. Yes, David, we're -- I think we're making good process. I guess, what's happened since we had our call back on March 19 announced the deal is one that TNT's held their annual meeting, which I thought gone quite well, which is I think is important to get a perspective of where there shareowners are. We have had discussions with the regulators a couple of meetings so far. We're working through the process. So far, so good. Probably, the next big thing is we're going to file the offer memorandum by May 11 with the AFM, so that's a big next step. And we'll also file the form CO with the European Commission probably mid-May. So far -- it's early in the process, still. But so far, so good.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Any feedback from them on divestures or any sort of increased concern on your part on that end?
Kurt P. Kuehn: No, too early for that at this point in time.
Operator: I would now -- that concludes our Q&A session for the day. I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Dolny.
Andy Dolny: Yes, that concludes our call for this morning. Thanks for joining us today, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations D. Scott Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Kurt P. Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Robert F. Pickels - Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Jason H. Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephen, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations' Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, UPS Treasurer and Investor Relations Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning, everyone. I'm here this morning with Scott Davis, our CEO; Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, to discuss the company's results for the quarter and expectations going forward. Before they begin however, I want to review the Safe Harbor language.  Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of the operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2010 Form 10-K and 2011 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's call is being webcast, and will also be available on the UPS Investor Relations website. On Friday, January 27, UPS announced an accounting change relating to expense recognition for company-sponsored pension and postretirement benefit plans, adopting a mark-to-market methodology. This new method implemented in the fourth quarter of 2011 is preferable and will result in simpler, more transparent financial reporting. As we said on our call last Friday, mark-to-market pension accounting provides several benefits. It's simpler, as gains and losses outside of the 10% corridor are recognized in the year incurred rather than amortized. It provides more transparency to UPS' underlying results, and it's considered preferable by GAAP since it more closely aligns with fair value principles. And remember, there is no impact on benefits to participants, pension plan funding or UPS cash flow. It is an accounting change. As we outlined on Friday, as a result of adopting this new methodology, adjusted diluted earnings per share increased by $0.03 for the fourth quarter and $0.12 for 2011. In addition, a 2011 mark-to-market charge of $827 million was recorded in the fourth quarter. Therefore, on a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share for the quarter and total year will be reduced by $0.51 and $0.41, respectively. This is inclusive of both the benefit from the accounting change and the mark-to-market adjustment. This accounting change must be applied retrospectively. As a result, 2010 adjusted diluted EPS and GAAP diluted EPS were reduced by $0.08 and $0.15, respectively. To assist in comparisons, revised results for prior periods back to 2007 have been provided. The impact to UPS financials are shown on the web schedules and described in detail in the presentation we distributed last week. The presentation and the web schedules are available on our website. I wanted to point out that we included a few extra financial schedules in this morning's quarterly package. For both the fourth quarter and 2011 full year, we provided 3 selected financial data schedules: One that provides adjusted and GAAP results under the new pension accounting methodology, a second under the previous method and a third that reconciles the two. We hope you find this information helpful. Separate from pension, in the fourth quarter of 2010, UPS recorded a net $58 million gain on the sale of certain non-core assets in its Supply Chain and Freight segment. The after-tax benefit was $32 million or $0.03 per share.  During this morning's call, all 2011 fourth quarter and full year references and comparisons to 2010, will refer to adjusted results unless otherwise noted. We believe this is a more accurate picture of the company's performance. Reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures and free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, are explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release. These schedules are also available on the UPS Investor Relations' website in the financial section. Finally, in an effort to allow maximum participation on today's call, each participant will be allowed one question and then be required to get back in the queue for any follow-up. I hope you understand. And thank you for your cooperation. Now, let me turn it over to Scott.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone. I hope all of you had a safe and Happy New Year. I can tell you that during December, we were very busy at UPS, ensuring holiday shipments arrived where they needed to be all around the world. In fact, we experienced our busiest peak ever, delivering almost 500 million packages between Thanksgiving and Christmas. And UPS wrapped up the year with record EPS, free cash flow exceeding $5 billion and a new high in return on invested capital. In the U.S. we saw a robust growth in e-commerce, while traditional retailers experienced mixed holiday sales. Continued migration to B2C contributed significant growth in UPS' residential shipments. This rapidly expanding market segment enables more and more opportunities for consumers to experience the unique solutions provided by UPS. Solutions like UPS My Choice, the industry's first offering that puts receivers in control of their shipments. UPS delivered almost 3 million packages to My Choice users during the quarter. Enrollment exceeded expectations approaching 0.75 million subscribers, not bad for a service offering in its first 3 months of existence. All in all, the U.S. market performed very well, growing at a faster pace than we projected. Turning our focus to other parts of the world, in Europe, recession concerns, the debt crisis and the instability of the euro dominated headlines. But for UPS, solid growth continued. While in Asia, economic output and our volume lagged expectations. Looking to 2012, global economic expansion is expected to be slightly below the rate seen in 2011. The U.S. is one of the few economies where expectations are greater than last year. Some countries in Europe are expecting growth while others are facing contraction. And in Asia, although there's discussion about slowing, growth there is still projected to outpace the rest of the world. Businesses in Asia understand the power of global trade. And clearly, their economies benefit greatly. The U.S. needs to pick up the pace of exports and increase the participation of small and large companies alike. Recently, 3 key trade agreements were approved. These pave an excellent avenue for growth. Small and medium-sized businesses are currently underrepresented in global trade. UPS is actively engaged in enhancing the export process for them through our broad set of solutions, expertise of our people and the reach of our network, bringing it all together through the power of UPS technology. Companies throughout the world face many challenges today. In parts of China, supply chains are stressed by rapid wage inflation, while in other parts of the world volatile energy prices, natural disasters and social unrest provide additional strains. Companies also face more industry-specific challenges as they look to serve the global market. Take healthcare for example, where companies encounter increased regulations, greater competition from generics and a heightened focus on cost control. As a result, more businesses are trying to diversify the components of their supply chains. And they are looking for reliable outsourcing partners so that they can focus on their core competencies. As these shifts occur, the complexity of the logistics model increases. UPS is uniquely positioned to assist customers worldwide with their distribution and transportation needs as they evolve. This evolution will require further investments on our part to develop new innovative solutions, increase channel access to our global network and expand our unmatched logistics capabilities. We, at UPS were encouraged by comments made during the state of the union address that supported all of the above when it comes to alternative fuels. We have talked quite a bit in the past about our rolling laboratory approach; not just one alternative fuel solves our needs. Expanding the availability and the use of natural gas is one answer in improving the environment and reducing dependence on oil.  We were honored to be recognized recently by President Obama for our work in this area. But finding solutions that improve processes is what UPS-ers do every day. And for that reason, I want to thank UPS-ers around the world for their hard work and dedication in providing excellent service. Each of them impacts how UPS is perceived by our customers and communities. All in all, a job well done.  As I told you a year ago, 2011 was going to be a great year for UPS, and it was just that. We experienced solid top line growth in a challenging economic environment, continued gains in productivity, 20% improvement in operating profit, record EPS and on top of that, we had strong free cash flow, enabling UPS to continue our trend of significant distributions to our shareowners. Now let me turn the call over to Kurt.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, thanks, Scott, and good morning. Before I get started, I want to explain how I will discuss fourth quarter performance in light of the pension accounting change announced last Friday. To make comparisons to past trends easier, I will review our results as they would've been under the old methodology first. After covering all segments, I will bridge results to the new methodology and then guidance, of course, will reflect the impact of our new pension accounting. Now let's get started. A year ago, we announced that UPS expected to achieve record earnings per share in 2011. I am pleased to report today that we did just that, exceeding our previous peak earnings per share of $4.11, generating earnings per share of $4.23. Not only did we set a new high in earnings per share, UPS also achieved record revenue of $53.1 billion, up more than 7%, and we surpassed the $4 billion mark in consolidated package volume for the year. All of this was accomplished during a period of uneven global economic conditions. In the fourth quarter, revenue climbed 5.6% on average daily volume growth of 3.6%. Operating profit approached $2 billion, up 12.6% over last year. And operating margin improved to 14.0%, an increase of 90 basis points compared to 2010. Notice that the tax rate during the fourth quarter came in higher than expected at 35.3%. This was due to a greater portion of profitability in the U.S. than planned, as well as some year-end adjustments. For the full year, our tax rate was 34.3%. Despite this additional tax expense, earnings per share for the quarter were $1.25. These results are impressive considering the macro trends that Scott outlined. Overall, UPS had a fantastic peak season with global average daily volume exceeding 27 million packages on 2 days, and exceeding 25 million on 5. UPS technology provided customers and receivers visibility into their shipment as never before, handling almost 58 million tracking requests on peak day. Now let's review segment performance during the quarter starting with U.S. Domestic. The segment saw strong revenue growth of 7.3% on a 3.8% jump in average daily package volume. Our Deferred Air products rose 12%, while ground was up 3.5%. All products benefited from the surge in online shopping, as we experienced robust gains in B2C volume, especially in our suite of lightweight solutions. Revenue per piece was up 3.4%. Higher base rates and fuel surcharges were somewhat masked by a decline in weight per shipment and changes in both customer and product mix. Growth from large e-commerce customers outpaced smaller accounts, impacting both customer mix and package characteristics. As a result of this rapid growth in B2C, UPS experienced a meaningful decrease in weight per shipment, down almost 3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. We successfully adapted to this changing product mix, with an operating profit increase of 24% and margin expansion of 200 basis points to 14.9%. The U.S. domestic operations executed one of their best peak seasons, demonstrating the benefits of scale, as well as the flexibility and efficiency of the UPS network. And of course, a little help from Mother Nature never hurts. Key operating statistics, like direct labor hours, miles driven and block hours, all grew at a slower pace than volume.  Moving to the International segment. Challenging economic conditions existed in many regions of the world. UPS export volume out of the U.S. declined, as the dollar strengthened against the euro. Meanwhile, UPS remained resilient in Europe and continued to produce solid results. And though our growth rate in export from Asia improved slightly compared to the third quarter, it was basically flat with last year and below expectations. These conditions and a nearly 2% unfavorable currency impact, contributed to the UPS revenue growth of 3.5%. UPS did set a new benchmark in export daily volume, surpassing 1 million packages. The increase of 4.5% was driven by high-single-digit gains from Europe, as well as strong intra-Asia and Asia to Europe trade. What makes this new high in export volume even more impressive is the fact that the Asia to U.S. lane was down by almost 3%. Non-U.S. domestic volumes were up a little over 1%, as strong growth from Poland, Turkey and France helped offset weaker demand in other markets. Operating profit declined $40 million to $497 million. The year-over-year comparison was negatively impacted by approximately $30 million, due to currency fluctuation and our hedging programs. Despite the challenging impact of changes in product mix and shifting trade patterns, UPS once again generated the highest operating margin in the industry, in line with our expectations of 15.8%. We experienced a shortening in trade lanes as a result of solid intra-regional shipment growth and weakness in the Asia to U.S. Lane. International yield was up 2%, negatively impacted by a currency translation. Neutralizing this, it was up almost 4%.  Also, during the quarter, UPS made available several improvements for International shippers. These included enhanced return logistic solutions, as well as expanded availability of our customer-facing technology, including mobile apps. Now for the Supply Chain and Freight segment. Operating profits increased 8.5% on revenue growth of a little over 2%. Operating margin expanded 50 basis points over last year to 8.2%. UPS Freight led the way with good operating profit improvement from gains in productivity and the solid increase in revenue. Though LTL shipments and tonnage were down 2.4% and 1.3%, respectively, revenue per hundredweight was up almost 9%, driven by revenue management initiatives and higher fuel surcharges. The Forwarding business unit experienced a decline in revenue and operating profit, as overcapacity and weak demand in the airfreight market put downward pressure on both tonnage and rates. Margins, however, remained strong. Our Distribution unit continues to be a success, exhibiting growth in both revenue and profitability, while expanding operating margins. This was accomplished even as the business continued to invest in its healthcare capabilities. In fact during the quarter, we opened the 33rd dedicated UPS healthcare facility and have plans to open 4 more this year. UPS also completed a healthcare acquisition during the quarter, purchasing the Italian pharma logistics provider, Pieffe. With these added capabilities, UPS is positioned to serve pharmaceutical, biotech and medical device companies doing business there. Moving on to review our cash position. During 2011, UPS generated more than $5 billion in free cash flow, after making capital expenditures of $2.0 billion and pension contributions of $1.4 billion. In 2011, UPS increased its share repurchase program significantly and stepped up dividends. In fact, for the year, we repurchased 38.7 million shares for approximately $2.7 billion and paid dividends totaling $2 billion, up 10.6% per share. This demonstrates UPS' continued commitment to distributions to shareowners. Before discussing our expectations for 2012, I want to take a few minutes to build a bridge to UPS' results under the new pension accounting methodology. This new method implemented in the fourth quarter 2011 is preferable and will result in simpler, more transparent financial reporting. It will be the foundation used for results from this point forward, and will be the basis for comparisons noted in guidance. Keep in mind, as Andy mentioned earlier, that historical financial statements reflecting both methods are available on the UPS Investor Relations website. So looking at the fourth quarter, the new methodology had a positive impact on adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.03. Earnings per share came in at $1.28 per share, an increase of 21% over prior year results, on a 17% improvement in operating profit. 2011 operating margin of 14.3%, increased 140 basis points over the 12.9% in 2010. And looking at our full year 2011 results, adopting this new methodology resulted in an increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.12. Total company earnings per share came in at $4.35 per share, an increase of 25% over prior year results on a 20% improvement in operating profits. And 2011 operating margin of 12.9% increased 140 basis points over the 11.5% in 2010. Remember, the pension accounting change we adopted has no impact on cash flow or plan funding. In fact, we ended the year 94% funded for UPS-sponsored pension plans.  Looking towards to 2012, even though we adopted this new method, we still project that ongoing pension expense will increase on a year-over-year basis by more than $100 million, due to additional service cost and an approximately 35-basis-point decline in the discount rate. Continuing with our outlook for 2012, recent economic news about slowing in Europe and Asia is in contrast to the more optimistic tone we are seeing here in the U.S. Our expectation is for mixed economic growth around the world, with modest improvements in the U.S. Overall, we expect global economic expansion to be slightly less than the growth rate seen in 2011. In spite of this macro outlook, UPS expects another strong year of earnings growth and we are anticipating earnings per share in the range of $4.75 to $5 per share, an increase of 9% to 15% over our 2011 earnings of $4.35. For the full year, U.S. Domestic segment average daily volume is projected to grow around 2% to 3%. Revenue is expected to be up mid-single digits. Base rate improvements of 2% to 3% are expected, although these may be masked somewhat by continued growth in lightweight solutions that serve the ever-expanding e-commerce market. Operating profit should grow at an upper single-digit pace, as we anticipate continued margin expansion. In our International business, we expect revenue to increase at a mid- to high-single digit rate on a 5% to 6% growth in export average daily volume. Domestic volumes are projected to be similar to last year's levels. We expect operating profit growth of about 10% with some margin expansion. The first quarter is expected to be flat to last year, due to more challenging comparisons and the current weakness in the euro. Although as the year progresses, we do not anticipate currency to have a meaningful impact on year-over-year results. For Supply Chain and Freight, the first half of 2012 comparisons will be more challenging, due to strong performance in freight forwarding last year. Given this, operating profit growth will most likely be flat to down slightly. For the full year, we expect both revenue and operating profit to increase at a mid- to high-single digit pace. Continued gains in UPS Freight will be somewhat offset by healthcare investments in the distribution unit. The Supply Chain and Freight segment overall is expected to maintain a strong operating margin of approximately 8%. Looking at total company results for the first quarter, due to the items highlighted in both International and Supply Chain and Freight, we expect year-over-year growth in earnings per share to be a little less than the average for the year. Our overall tax rate for 2012 should be between 34% and 35%. We expect capital expenditures for 2012 to be approximately $2.2 billion. Regarding cash flow for 2012, UPS expects strong cash flow conversion to continue, exceeding 100% of net income. We remain committed to distributions to shareowners, with planned share repurchases of $2.7 million. And as always, dividends will continue to be a priority. So to wrap this up, 2011 was a record year for UPS as our business model generated outstanding results. The robust fourth quarter performance that we experienced gives us momentum as we move into 2012. We entered this year with the expectation of delivering strong earnings growth with earnings per share in the range of $4.75 to $5.00, up 9% to 15% compared to 2011 earnings of $4.35. Thanks for listening this morning. And now Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Ben Hartford of Robert W. Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I was wondering if you could provide a little bit more color into the guidance as it relates to the pension impact and maybe shedding some light on that, I know that we have the $0.12 impact in 2011. What would have been the impact in 2012 if we were to normalize for the old pension accounting?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we would've seen, certainly, an increase in pension expense for 2012 under both methodologies. And as I mentioned, we do expect more than $100 million, actually about $115 million, in additional pension expense for 2012. But I guess one thing to keep in mind, that the increase is, perhaps not necessarily as drastic as many of you projected, really due to 2 facts. Number one, the plan did exceed its expected rate of return. We actually generated a 9.4% return. And the discount rate did decline by about 35 basis points and certainly there were some estimates that estimated higher. And as far as the 2 methods, going forward, in some years, the old method results in more expense and in some, it results in less. You could see that in 2010 and 2011. So you saw this in our restated results were we've shown those results. So the best reference point, really, is from the base that we've restated 2011. We do expect to see about $115 million increase in pension expense, and you could adjust accordingly based on that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I was wondering if you could give a bit more perspective on how much of the volume improvement was, really, just a very strong peak season and your, obviously, good traction with your products to serve online, those shipping online sales. And how much is, I guess, either a change in your share performance or a change in the economy? Because it's a pretty notable difference in your Domestic Package volumes versus kind of flat in the third quarter. And your guidance in 2012 also implies, I think, a better volume trajectory than you saw in 2011. So I wonder if you could give more color on that.
D. Scott Davis: Let me start, Tom, with kind of the macro approach. I think that we certainly are seeing a better U.S. economy than we would have thought back in, probably August, September, back at Investor Conference time. I think that, back to that time frame, people were talking about a chance for a second recession. You don't hear that anymore. Clearly, we saw a strengthening economy and a strong holiday season. And frankly, it stayed fairly strong into January. So I think the U.S., while I wouldn't call it a robust economy right now, I do think the small package market is performing better than we would've thought 4 and 5 months ago.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. That's right. So at a macro level, clearly, we feel a little better about where the U.S. is at. Looking more specifically, I guess, to your question, Tom, we clearly were pleasantly surprised by the demand surrounding the holiday season. Really, this is the first peak where we've really had our full suite of lightweight product offerings in place. And about half of the additional growth we do, we did see in our basic and SurePost products. If you recall, SurePost really was just launched in 2011. So we did see a big uptick and clearly, this fits into the trend of lighter-weight products, computers moved to tablets or portables and a lot of small products. And then the e-commerce growth continues unabated. We estimate, in general, e-commerce was probably up about 15% for the holiday season. So basically, we were in place with a new suite of products that was able to both attract volume and at the same time, handle it very profitably. So we were pleasantly surprised, frankly. I think, that combined with the increased focus we've had on B2C with My Choice and really differentiating our residential products, created a nice uptick. We also saw, the other number that might have surprised you a little bit, was the substantial growth in deferred air. And a lot of this is also surrounding the e-commerce trends, I guess, that there were a number of Internet retailers that decided to differentiate their products by offering a tighter Time-In-Transit. So we're seeing some pieces moving around. But all in all, we were thrilled that our business model and our product offerings were able to generate a great quarter.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Do you think there's a difference in share dynamic or competitive dynamic, is that part of this as well?
Kurt P. Kuehn: I wouldn't comment on that. I think, in general, it was a good holiday season. The market moved pretty well. So we'll see how everything else settles out.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the B2C trends, obviously, quite strong in the quarter. So it sounds like, deferred strength was driven partially there. But you also talked about a mix shift that's occurring. So maybe you could put some numbers around the growth in B2C that you saw in your business this year versus last year, some expectations going forward. And then, maybe help us think about why that weight per shipment is lower and how that affects mix from a yield standpoint?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. As I guess a ballpark number, I think there's a couple of parts to it. Number one, B2C is growing robustly, especially through the e-commerce venue. Clearly, the e-commerce branches of companies seemed to do a lot better than the brick and mortar. In fact, in December, B2C volume was over 50% of our volume. December, it always spikes. So we are continuing to see that grow. The other nuance, and this is more company specific, is the substantial success of our SurePost product, which for the first time has offered a broader suite of services for lightweight products, lower values. So that was another big part of the success. So the combination of the trends in general, UPS positioning and us being able to differentiate. And as we mentioned, sign up 0.75 million customers for the new My Choice service, we think really puts us in a great position to capture some of the benefit of these trends.
D. Scott Davis: And Justin, I think you'll also see these trends internationally; it's not going to be unique to the United States. I think the whole global B2C phenomenon is still in the early innings and we'll see that grow going forward. But the key is that UPS is adapting the operations to be profitable in this business.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you guys just remind us, SurePost, thats the competitive product with SmartPost on your primary competitor side?
D. Scott Davis: Yes. SurePost is for lightweight, relatively low-value products where we do postal injection. We also, though, have a basic product that's a mix of both UPS delivered and injection.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. [Operator Instruction]
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you talk on the International side, you talked about the slowing of growth or the expectations for a bit slower, particularly out of Asia. When you think about your CapEx, I guess, you talked about increasing it 10%, is that -- can you talk about what you're doing in terms of are you slowing down or shutting down any lanes and where are you increasing that CapEx?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, we did certainly make some adjustments in the network after the fairly significant slowing we saw during the third quarter. And as we said, the Asia ended up being a little slower than we'd anticipated, most notably on the U.S., Asia to U.S. lane. Yes, we have tweaked our network. Actually, if you look at Asia, specifically, we reduced capacity about 10% over the last couple of quarters maintaining service levels in all markets, but some of the duplicate flights and additional lift we took out. And that allowed us to sustain still a pretty good margin, although we will continue to adjust. Trends so far for this year are a little hard to tell because the Chinese New Year is coming a little earlier. But we'll stay responsive in monitoring where things are at in Asia. On the flip side though, Ken, we did see yet another quarter of solid intra-Europe growth. So in spite of the headline risks in Europe, we are continuing to see good growth there and some of our investments for next year surround the expansion of our Cologne air hub in Germany, that helps to support all that.
D. Scott Davis: And in general, Ken, our CapEx is still historically quite low. It's going to be still around 4% of revenue. If you recall, we used to spend between 5% and 8% of revenue. So we've had, really, a 3 low years. I mean 2009 was extremely really low, 2010 was low and 2011, what, 3.8%, I think 2011, and about 4% for 2012. So still, its still quite low.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. David Ross of Stifel, Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On the Supply Chain and Freight side of things, you mentioned that you saw a decline in revenue and operating profit due to mainly overcapacity and weak demand in the air freight market, but that margins were strong. Did margins actually expand year-over-year for the Freight Forwarding segment? And also, if you could comment on ocean and what you're seeing on the ocean side of things?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Margins expanded slightly year-over-year. But yes, there's clearly been a reduction in demand, not surprisingly, and rates. And there is certainly some challenges with margin squeeze. Ocean, we did pretty well on, although I think, clearly, the market remains very slow. But we've done a lot of work on our expanded ocean portfolio less than container load. But it remains a minority part of the business, air freight is the primary focus.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Wanted to talk a little bit about the disconnect that I'm kind of picking up on a little bit between the very strong U.S. e-commerce activity through the different channels, coupled with the kind of slower import growth in terms of wondering where, in terms of the shift in production, a lot of those e-commerce products then might be coming from or how the supply chains are moving?
D. Scott Davis: I think, in general, it's been all about inventory levels. And I think that we did not, even though inventory seemed to add to GDP in the fourth quarter, we feel that most of the inventories are still pretty slight in the United States. I think we saw the holiday season, a lot of people are running out of product. We have seen a pretty strong January. I think those people had to replenish inventory levels. So I think that, that because of low imports from Asia you're going to, hopefully, see some improvements in the near term as people replenish the inventory levels.
Kurt P. Kuehn: I think we are fairly bullish though on production within the U.S. seeing somewhat a renaissance. If you look at the cost of energy with natural gas so low, you look at the fact that wages on a global competitive perspective have improved in the U.S. And the fact that people are realizing that it's nice to have local sourcing in addition to global sourcing. We feel generally bullish that the U.S. economy is seeing a bit of an uplift and will next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of color on kind of the intra-European volume flows during the quarter, and maybe what you're seeing in the first month of this year?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. As I said, Europe continues to be a good story. And I think it's really 2 components. One, is the UPS-specific success in offering European shippers an integrated solution. And the other is I think the, and we heard some of this from Davos, that the core business activity is probably a little better than the headlines would suggest. So I think, we did see upper single-digit growth in shipments within Europe, that is a little slower than some of the previous quarters, but reports of Europe's demise have been exaggerated a bit.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, we really are -- have built our plan on a pretty flat economy, probably slightly negative European economy in 2012. But again, that small package market should grow even in that environment.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gary Chase of Barclays Capital.
Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I hate to ask you this one, but it's polluting my inbox right now. Could you just clarify, Kurt, you said when you were giving your outlook, I thought what I heard you say was flat international profit and that EPS at the corporate level, you were thinking was going to be lower growth in the earlier part of the year than in the back half. I think some people might have heard that it was flat EPS with, I think it's $0.88 last year. Could you just clarify? Could you just go back over that and clarify exactly what you were trying to communicate there, please?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Great. I'm glad you asked that if it was confusing, because that was not the intention. We had said that the first quarter for international is likely to be flat, really, because of some of the trends we've talked about, plus we do have a pretty strong euro headwind in the first quarter. We're currently hedged and protected at about 1.30; last year, it was at about 1.36, so that was purely a quarterly guidance. Overall, for the company, we expect earnings increases in the first quarter. They'll just be probably a little less than the average that we guided for, for the year. We guided a 9% to 15% range. So that was solely a comment about the first quarter, Gary.
D. Scott Davis: And the currency drag, Gary, is euro is primarily in the first quarter, our hedging program will protect us pretty well from Q2, 3 and 4.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on that. To make sure we understand your guidance correct there, Kurt, what numbers are you using, the quarter numbers for the year and for the full year?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, overall, we're guiding to a 9% to 15% increase, $4.75 to $5.00 a share. We've said, in general, we expect Q1 to be a little more challenged. So it'll show earnings growth but at a little lower rate than the rest of the year, primarily because of the headwind in international. And also the comps in supply chain are tough, given the current margin squeeze.
D. Scott Davis: So remember, Art, we guide annually to help you a little bit on the quarterly, but we guide annually.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: No, that's helpful. I was just curious which base you were using.
Kurt P. Kuehn: No, all bases are against the restated. We're moving past the old numbers. I wanted to review and give you some sense since you'd anchored on those for Q4. But we have a base earnings of $4.35, that is the methodology. And all the guidance is based off of that base. And as I said, we do have a pension headwind heading into next year. But virtually, everything that we talk about and you see from now on will be based on this improved, more transparent approach. And we feel good about the year, but we do feel Q1 will be just a little more challenging.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. William Greene of Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Kurt, can we just come back to the impact from the changes on the pension accounting. Will that affect any of the long-term guidance that you gave us back in September? Did those numbers get affected? I assume there is some impact, but how would we think about that impact?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Bill, they really don't. When we restated, 3 of the years went one way, and 2 of the years went the other. So if you paint me a scenario of different discount rates and market returns, yes, it may be different. But as we've looked at it, it's not a material change over the longer term for margins or any of that. Well, it may make the results slightly different year-over-year. So we went back and looked at that, and we really don't see a scenario. If discount rates rise and markets do well, this method is a drag, because we are not going to take credit for those market returns on our quarter results. Conversely, if we stay with these incredibly low discount rates with 10-year treasuries under 2%, then we -- this method may pull some of that, those investment losses or at least the discount rate impact out of core earnings. But long term, our guidance that we gave in September remain. Probably, the only notable difference in guidance is we are actually a little more optimistic on 2012. If you remember, we gave guidance of 10% to 15% to earnings in September, but said that 2012 would be more challenging because we believe there would be below-trend growth in the global economy. But we do think it's going to be below-trend growth but clearly, we're giving earnings guidance very close to that long-term momentum.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Question on the international cargo revenue that's booked within the International Package segment. That number is sort of lower than it's been since the recession and I was wondering how much of that decline is due to less space on the brownfield aircraft for cargo revenue or just very weak rates for the filler freight you are taking on?
Kurt P. Kuehn: It's a little bit of all of those. A, we did reduce capacity out of Asia, so we had less excess capacity to use. Rates have also softened a little bit. Plus some of that space is used by our forwarder and would not show up in that cargo line.
D. Scott Davis: But clearly, the excess capacity has driven down rates and thats going to have an impact on the revenue.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Chris Ceraso of Crdit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I have a question on the pension. What's driving the increase in service cost? Did you change benefits? And also, what is your plan for cash contributions? Are you putting anything in the plan in '12?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Service cost is just going to be up as kind of a normal continued growth. Each of us clicks another year on the pension, I guess. The biggest impact is the lower discount rate. And as far as contributions, we expect to make about $400 million of direct contributions to the pension plans, and another $400 million or so to cover our post-employment benefits retiree, medical and some of those things.
D. Scott Davis: And everybody is living a little bit longer, so mortality tables have an impact on it also.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Peter Nesvold of Jefferies.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: If we got the model together fast enough before the call, it looked like deferred air yields in the U.S. Package business were up 2.5% year-over-year in 4Q, which was kind of a notable step down from the 9.8% in 3Q. And again, assuming we got the model together is fast enough, is there any kind of trade down that's happening in that business or is there anything else that may be impacting the yields there?
D. Scott Davis: On deferred air, it's really trade up, if anything, from ground. The big issue there is the weights are significantly lower. That was the product hit most significantly by reductions in weight. So a lot of e-commerce volume with lightweight volume being shipped. So we're very conscious of it, the base rates underlying, as we said, remains strong 2% to 3%. But a 4% reduction in weight for deferred air, clearly, caused a big impact.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then a brief follow-up and I'm done. Any conversations around Brent? Oil prices these days, north of $100 here for a couple of months. Is that starting to creep up again and shift our conversations?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Really not. Over the last several years, we have migrated gradually some of the new normal for fuel into base rates. So the absolute amount of the surcharge is lower than it was in historical. And our plan for the year assumes fuel somewhere plus or minus near the $100 rate anyway.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So wanted to talk a little bit about the pricing guidance. I think you mentioned 2% to 3% pricing in the U.S. And I know that's in line with the longer-term expectations, but seems like a step down from what we got in 2011. And wanted to understand kind of the drivers of that, is this just being conservative or is there something changing in the pricing market that's not letting you get in '12 what you got in '11?
Kurt P. Kuehn: No. We think the core momentum as I was -- certainly, something we've been looking at very closely. The core base rates are continuing very stable. We did see in Q4 significant impact of customer mix with our lightweight product suite, really kicking into gear. And we do expect that momentum to continue for a while. So the overall reduced weights, 3% in Q4, and that trend may continue given the customers and the e-commerce that we're seeing. It does create a net impact that shows lower yield. But as you can see, we are able to profit on that. So all in all, we think the market pricing is stable, it remains a very high priority for us. You're just really seeing a fairly significant market change and also a significant change in mix to UPS as we've really hit our stride with this light rate e-commerce volume.
D. Scott Davis: As Kurt said, the market is rational from a pricing standpoint. What can help us obviously is, Kurt referred earlier to the manufacturing increase in the U.S. If we see that throughout 2012, that certainly can help the weight and help the yield.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Yes. Well, I guess, I mean, I understand the negative mix impact from lower weight. I guess, I would've thought, though, with an improving macro outlook that there could have been an opportunity for better than 2% to 3% underlying pricing, and just trying to understand the drivers of that if it's just being conservative or what?
Kurt P. Kuehn: It's consistent with what we talked about in September. Our long-term goal is to, in the domestic environment, is to generate 2% to 3% base rate increases. As long as we can keep yields moving at that rate and be able to keep our unit cost below that rate, we'll see gradual and positive margin expansion. So Scott, we think that's a very disciplined and appropriate approach. It maintains a stable relationship with our customers and we're very pleased if we can continue that positive balance of yield and unit cost.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I just want to clarify. You said going forward you were looking for about $400 million direct contribution of the planned $400 million postretirement benefit contributions. So $800 million versus the $1.4 billion I think that you talked about making last year. In terms of longer-term modeling, we should think of the $800 million as a base plus or minus being outside the corridor with your 94% funding?
Kurt P. Kuehn: It's hard to forecast perfectly, but that's probably more normal. Clearly, we were catching up and fully funding the new plan that we had over the last year or 2. And frankly, that's one of the good news stories on our cash flow long term. Scott mentioned that CapEx should remain at or below 4%. The pensions are, even after what has been a tough year because of lower discount rates, were 94% funded. So yes, the pension plans will not be a major hit on cash flow for the foreseeable future.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. Even from a tax formula standpoint, we're actually over 100%, and that really was what drive your contributions going forward. So we feel good. Now we would have said a year ago that interest rates wouldn't have dropped. So I wouldnt expect them to drop going forward long- term rates, which could have an impact. They go up, that improves our funding position.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robert Pickels of Manning & Napier.
Robert F. Pickels - Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC: Hope it's not a repeat, I think it's a little different from Tom Wadewitz's question. But I'm just wondering how all of this growth in e-commerce is changing the seasonal nature of your business. It seems like the e-retail might make 4Q even stronger than some of the other quarters on a go-forward basis. And I'm just wondering how you manage this. Is it significantly different? Do you have to take capacity up and down more than you used to? Just comment on that, please.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Robert, you're absolutely right. And we've done a lot of work studying this. If you look at the seasonal factors of how different quarters and different seasons compare to themselves, we are really seeing that the fourth quarter become more and more important. And really 2 issues, I guess, number one, the demand for the fourth quarter has really created almost 2 peaks. We were extremely busy after the Black Friday and Cyber Monday period, that was a peak. Settled down and then, certainly, the last week of the holidays was another peak. The one piece of great news and this is reflected in our earnings results, is that the big challenge for us in the past of a large peak was tremendous amounts of training, a lot of disruption in our operations. As you guys saw in our investor conference, we have done a tremendous amount of work to, through operational technology to streamline our jobs, to deskill, so we don't have to train as much, and to optimize in real time. So what you really saw in the fourth quarter was a great demonstration of operational performance, driven by data-driven operations. And so the good news is we can handle these peaks and this growth in e-commerce very productively.
D. Scott Davis: And in fact, in the fourth quarter, our productivity improvements offset the entire wage rate increase. Now you'll see that because of the large scale in the fourth quarter, you won't see that necessarily in Q1, 2 and 3. But it does come through in a large-scale period like the fourth quarter.
Robert F. Pickels - Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC: Does it make it harder for the -- is it possible the fourth quarter is less indicative of broader economic trends because of the e-commerce?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. I think that's a valid point. I mean, if you look at overall retail, it was a little better perhaps than expected but not hugely. With our bias with the e-commerce hitting our industry more heavily, you do get a little bit of an outsized gain.
D. Scott Davis: But it's still tied somewhat to consumer sentiment. And if consumer sentiment is negative, you're going to get impact in of the fourth quarter or the first quarter. So it's got to be a good sign of what the consumers are thinking, consumer confidence in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets.
John L. Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question on International. Kurt, I heard your commentary around you're reducing flights and that type of thing out of Asia, took out some of the duplicate type of businesses. But I'm kind of curious, it looked like the incremental margins domestically were very strong, some degradation on the international side. Is there anything else you can do to manipulate that cost structure to maybe get the incremental margins positive again on international? Or is it just a matter of kind of letting that [indiscernible]?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Absolutely not. I mean, you know us, John. We're working very hard to make sure that we've optimized the network, that our cost infrastructure is appropriate. As we did mention, we had about a $40 million decline in profits, $30 million of that was purely due to the euro hedge comparison. We'll face a little bit of that in Q1 but after that, as Scott had mentioned, our hedges put us in very good shape. So if you factor out that currency issue, we came pretty close to holding profits even in an environment where trade flows are changing substantially. So we're going to stay on our toes, make sure we've got the right assets in the right place and that our productivity and efficiencies cover it. One of the big trends that we're working on is taking some of the operational technology that we showcase that's used primarily for domestic and beginning to migrate that over to our international environment. So there's still more to come.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. David Campbell of Thompson, Davis & Company.
David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: I just wanted to say that Asia, it seems like business there has been relatively stable since April. It hasn't really been dropping. So when we get to April this year, won't there be -- isn't there a good likelihood of an increase in business that could be better than you're anticipating in your estimates.
D. Scott Davis: Well, I think, David, that yes, with certainly Asia exports to Europe and the U.S. have not been that strong for -- really, for us it started in August, we saw the fall off. But intra-Asia has stayed strong. Certainly, as time goes on and consumer optimism keeps improving in the U.S. that will help demand, help imports from Asia into the U.S. We're guarded right now. We think there's some room for improvement, but we're just pretty guarded as far as what we see in 2012. It'll get a little bit better but we're not seeing a robust consumption out of the U.S.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you please comment on SurePost facilities, magnitude and margins? I'm wondering is this handled in existing sort facilities? Is the order of magnitude below a percentage point of ground volume and I imagine ground margins -- or margins, are slightly lower in SurePost than they are in your own network?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. The concept of unique SurePost facilities is a misnomer. This is another product in the UPS suite portfolio. Virtually all of the SurePost volume comes to us from customers that give us multiple times volume in our traditional networks. So really the only difference with SurePost is the last final mile of lightweight volume going to the post office. But the pickup process, all of our sortation and our feed networks, that really remains in the UPS network. So it's traditional UPS taking advantages of the economies of scale and integrating it. So it is just one product in the suite of products that our customers choose from. And as I mentioned, for every SurePost package we have, a given customer will have 4 or 5 other packages with them.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jason Seidl of Dahlman Rose.
Jason H. Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Wanted to focus a little bit on your Asia to U.S. number. Obviously, it was a decline of 3%. Can you remind us when we stop lapping the negative year-over-year comps? And also, could you comment whether you think part of this might be a little bit of a shift in terms of some of the near sourcing that we've seen occur down toward Mexico?
D. Scott Davis: The volume out of Asia, really as I said earlier, slowed down in August of 2011. So when we get to August 2012, the comps will get much easier.
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. And the Mexico trend does seem to be an interesting one. It's hard to call it a groundswell but clearly, in our supply chain discussions with companies, there is a lot of discussion about should the next unit of capacity be closer to home. It's not necessarily that people are shutting down operations in any area, but there is a lot of interest. I think if you look over the last year or 2, whether it's floods or earthquakes, supply chains are very extended and can be fragile, as Scott mentioned. And so we do see a lot of interest in near sourcing.
D. Scott Davis: Yes. We saw it peak in 2008, when oil got to $145 a barrel. So if oil and energy prices were to peak again, we'd certainly expect to see more of that.
Operator: Our next question will be a follow-up from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to get your comments on cost inflation and productivity within the domestic network in 2012, I dont think I've heard much of that on the call. And given that you expect positive volumes, could you see your seniority begin to come down and kind of how would you view the per hour inflation when you look at the labor side in Domestic Package in 2012?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes. Tom, we do expect those trends. Certainly as the business grows and we're able to add new employees or see turnover as people find full-time jobs that are part-timers today, we will see some benefit. And our wage rates mitigated and moderated just a touch in the fourth quarter. It wasn't a huge driver but it was a slight positive. We do expect to keep comp and benefits somewhere between 1% and 2% increases year-over-year as opposed to volume. So as long as we're able to do that and at the same time manage the yield environments above that, then we're pretty confident we can manage margin expansion.
D. Scott Davis: Again, we are confident that our product [indiscernible] will offset probably half of the wage rate increase, which is consistent with what we've been doing.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Gary Chase of Barclays Capital.
Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted go back to the conversation about the tax rate and understanding that it came in lower than you expected because of the international profitability. What was it -- obviously, you adapted during the quarter, you tried to reduce capacity to combat some of the international weakness. It sounds like that didn't have quite the offsetting impact that you were expecting. Can you elaborate a little bit on that and then just help us think about of how you think that will play into the New Year and how things will improve during 2012?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yes, Gary, sure. Yes, the impact of our year-ending tax adjustment did reduce earnings by about $0.03 versus what we had guided to. As we said, one of the primary areas is, as we rolled up our profits from around the world in the 200 countries we operate, certainly, the lower international profits are taxed at a lower rate. Plus, the U.S. had a very strong quarter. So the U.S. rate's just about the highest in the world, so you've got a weighted average mix that drove our rate up and did impact profits by $0.03 or $0.04 a share or so. It's just part of the normal mix of business. Clearly, we're doing a lot of work to improve the international. We do expect to see profits up, approximately 10% next year. So we still feel great about the International business, but the tax accounting can be challenging when you've got dramatic changes in mix.
D. Scott Davis: And always, in the fourth quarter, Gary, we true up to returns we've filed from the prior year also, which results in some adjustments. And unfortunately, this fourth quarter, they went the wrong way.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry. My follow-up has been answered.
Operator: And due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Mr. William Greene of Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If you look at what you did on rates in 2011, I think they were basically in line with your guidance sort of in this 2% to 3% range. But I think it also, correct me if I'm wrong, I think it benefited from some unique changes, things like dim weight, if I remember correctly or maybe I don't. So can you just clarify sort of are there any unique attributes to the rate changes for 2012 that we need to keep in mind when modeling?
Kurt P. Kuehn: There's always moving -- multiple moving parts within the rate structure, Bill. I mean dim weight was a visible one, but it wasn't material outside the scope of normal adjustments we do for rates. So we expect a fairly typical rate environment for the coming year. We did announce our rates for both air and ground last quarter, and do expect base rates to remain in the 2% to 3% level. The guidance, really, is just that with this changing mix and the influx of lighter weight e-commerce packages that's coming in at a greater-than-expected rate, the top-level rate may look a little lower than that. But if you get to the bottom of it, the core rates will remain strong.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. The yields, you mean, right?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Right.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to your facilitator, Mr. Andy Dolny.
Andy Dolny: Yes, I'm going to turn it over to Scott for some final comments.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. We finished 2011 on a strong note with an exceptional peak season. UPS produced strong Domestic Package margins in the fourth quarter. In the period we've talked about where e-commerce and B2C dominated our growth, we've been able to adapt and we'll continue to adapt our business to meet the demands of the marketplace. As Kurt said, despite a mixed economic outlook for 2012, we expect earnings growth to be in line with our long-term targets. We look forward to another record year. Thanks so much for your time today.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations D. Scott Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Kurt Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robin Byde - HSBC, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co. David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Jason H. Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jon A. Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now our pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, UPS Treasurer and Vice President Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning, everyone. Before I get started, I want to point out that during the call today we will make references to our recent investor conference. For those of you who are unable to attend, all information presented is available on our website. I encourage you to watch it. Based on feedback from those that have, I think you'll find it worthwhile. Now regarding our earnings. I'm here this morning with Scott Davis, our CEO; and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, to discuss the company's results for the quarter and our expectations going forward. Before they begin, however, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2010 Form 10-K and 2011 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's call is being webcast, and will also be available on the UPS Investor Relations website. I want to remind you of an adjustment we recorded in the third quarter of last year. The adjustment was related to the sale of real estate and increased net income by $61 million or $0.06 per share. As a result, in their remarks today, Scott and Kurt will refer to UPS' third quarter 2010 results excluding the impact of this gain. Additionally, all 2011 full year references and comparisons to 2010 will refer to adjusted results. We believe this is a more accurate picture of the company's performance. Reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures and free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, are explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release. These schedules are also available on the UPS Investor Relations website in the Financial section. [Operator Instructions] Now to begin our review, I'll turn the program over to Scott.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. It was great seeing you at our conference in Louisville. I hope you came away with the better understanding of our many capabilities and the investments we're making for the future. UPS delivered another good quarter of earnings growth. Highlighting the balance of our global business model and its ability to perform in the face of challenging economic conditions. Results like these reflect the value that UPS solutions are providing customers. There is increasing uncertainty in the global economic environment, most notably, exports from Asia, which slowed significantly during the quarter. On the other hand, it appears that the U.S. economy has stabilized and continues to show modest growth. Despite all the concerns of the European economy, our business there continues to perform well with exports up 9%. The outlook for the remainder of the year is for continued slow growth. Because we have seen less buildup of inventories heading into peak season, UPS could benefit if consumers respond with stronger than expected holiday purchases just like it did in 2009. We really wont know this until the 2 weeks prior to Christmas as peak has become more compressed. Taking a step in the right direction, I want to congratulate Congress and the Administration for approving the critical trade agreements with South Korea, Colombia and Panama. Export growth in these countries will provide economic growth and create jobs here at home. I'm encouraged to finally see some bipartisan cooperation and hopeful that our leadership in Washington can continue to work together to stimulate our economy like a jobs bill that delivers real results and tax reform that encourages business investment. Here at UPS, we are not standing by waiting for the government or the economy to lead us. As we demonstrated during our conference, we continue to innovate and invest in the technology and solutions that our customers value. Recently, we rolled out several innovative, groundbreaking products. The most notable being UPS My Choice, which provides consumers with unparalleled delivery options. This service puts controls in the hand of the residential customer. As a secondary benefit, it helps UPS lower costs by eliminating multiple delivery attempts. Since the recent launch of this product, we have over 100,000 subscribers and that number continues to increase rapidly. To support our continued growth in Europe, we announced a significant expansion of the Cologne air hub. This $200 million project will include state-of-the-art UPS technology and boost capacity by more than 70%. Capital investments like this allow us to grow our network efficiently and achieve the return on investment capital goals unveiled at our conference. As we outlined there, UPS' solution-based approach spans the entire Supply Chain. These global capabilities are unmatched and customers recognize the value UPS provides. The conductivity across business units and the reach of our network continues to drive results. Though economists expect global economic growth for 2012 to remain below historic trends, I am confident in our ability to perform, rewarding share owners during both the current period of uncertainty and over the long term. With that said, let me turn it over to Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. On last quarter's call, some thought that UPS was a little ahead of the curve with our economic outlook. However, during the past few months, we did witness the effects of economic slowing and continue to see the near-term outlook pointing to slow but steady growth. Now let's discuss UPS' third quarter results. With the exception of the International segment, UPS performance during the quarter held up well, especially considering the economic conditions and increased uncertainty. UPS experienced strong revenue growth of 8% and once again earnings per share improved at a double-digit rate, up 14%. Now let's take a look at the segment performance starting with U.S. Domestic. Operating margin is the highest we've experienced in 3 years, improving 60 basis points to 13.1%. Clearly, this segment is on the right track. Revenue increased almost 7% on flat daily package growth. Our focus on quality of revenue is paying off as yields were once again strong, up 6.5%. Base price increases of about 3% and higher fuel surcharges were the key factors. UPS Next Day Air volume gains were encouraging, up more than 1% with strong growth from packages offsetting the decline in letters. Operating leverage was apparent as improvements in productivity and investments in UPS technology helped produce operating profit growth of more than 11%. In fact, we once again experienced reductions in direct labor hours, miles driven and block hours. During the quarter, we took another step in extending our early morning delivery advantages when we announced the expanded coverage of UPS Next Day Air Early A.M. We've added or improved coverage on 1,300 zip codes, which solidifies our market-leading position. Now for the International segment, which is both about slowing economic activity and challenging comparisons to strong results last year. If you recall in Q3 '10, we experienced 47% volume growth in the Asia-to-U.S lane. This year, in the third quarter, UPS International operating profit declined slightly due to excess capacity, higher fuel prices and a slight drag from currency fluctuations. Remember, during our second quarter earnings call, we mentioned that due to macro conditions, exports from Asia were starting to exhibit softness. This eventually turned into volume declines on the Asia-to-U.S. lane. UPS acted swiftly to take down aircraft and full capacity out of the market, but not quickly enough, and margins were negatively impacted. Bottom line is, we built a network expecting a certain level of growth that did not materialize. Because of this we have now reduced our airlift capacity out of Asia while still maintaining our recently added service enhancements. If demand continues to soften, we can make additional adjustments. On the other hand, UPS is capable of adding back capacity if the surge and consumer demand occurs before peak like it did in 2009. Despite this slowdown, UPS' International revenue jumped more than 14%, driven by solid volume growth in other theaters. Export volume was strong, up 6.5%. UPS continues to lead the industry in international export growth. However, during the quarter, this growth occurred in the shorter trade lanes, such as within Europe or within Asia, as well as across North America. Non-U.S. Domestic volume increased 3.5% with strong growth in Germany, France and Poland. Package yields were up more than 9% as a result of currency, higher fuel surcharges and base rate increases. These were offset somewhat by changes in product mix as the growth in our transporter products outpaced Worldwide Express. On a currency-neutral basis, yields grew 3.2%. To support our International growth, we announced the expansion of UPS WorldShip to 25 additional origin countries, bringing the total number to 63. Now let's discuss the Supply Chain and Freight segment. As a perfect example of leveraging our technology across the entire portfolio, we have extended the UPS Paperless Invoice to include airfreight shipments. Now our customers can enjoy the most comprehensive, digital customs clearance option offered in the industry. Revenue for the segment was $2.3 billion, up more than 5% compared to last year. Operating profits were $195 million, with margin expanding to 8.3%. UPS Freight lead the way with margin expansion and solid revenue improvement to 15%. LTL revenue per hundredweight was up over 13%, resulting from higher fuel surcharges and stronger base rates. Revenue in the Forwarding business unit was muted due to excess capacity in the airfreight industry and the slowing demand from Asia. However, margin expanded and operating profit grew slightly. As expected, the Distribution business experienced a mid- single-digit increase in revenue while margin expansion was impacted by investments in the health care sector. During the quarter, we continued to expand our global health care distribution presence with the addition of facilities in Brazil and the Netherlands. These new buildings bring the total UPS health care compliance space to more than 4.5 million square feet. Regarding taxes. We have lowered our expected tax rate for 2011 to 34% based on the geographic mix of taxable income and other items. This impacted the third quarter and will impact the fourth as well. Now let's talk about cash flow. For the first 9 months of 2011, UPS generated free cash flow of more than $3.7 billion after capital expenditures of $1.6 billion and $1.4 billion in pension contributions. Distributions to share owners accelerated during the quarter as UPS significantly increased share repurchase activity. Given the weak market conditions, we jumped at the opportunity and increased share buybacks to more than $1.1 billion in the quarter. So far this year, UPS has repurchased 32 million shares for approximately $2.2 billion and paid dividends of $1.5 billion, an 11% increase in dividends per share. Regarding our guidance for the remainder of 2011. As I indicated at the Investor Conference, we are reiterating our earnings per share guidance of $4.15 to $4.40 per share. As we think about peak season, it seems a lot like last year where customer sentiment is mixed and cautiously optimistic. In general, inventory levels are tight and consumer demand for the holidays remains to be seen. As we have experienced in the past, the last 2 weeks before Christmas can have a meaningful impact on fourth quarter results. In our U.S. Domestic business, we expect year-over-year margin expansion similar to what we experienced in the third quarter, as we continue our focus on quality of revenue and improved efficiency. Daily package volume growth is expected to be 1% to 2% for the quarter. International volume and revenue growth is expected to outpace the market once again. Revenue should increase approximately 10%, driven by strong growth in inter-regional shipments. We expect the growth environment out of Asia to improve a bit. Operating profit is expected to be slightly above last year's level with operating margin in the mid-teens. For the Supply Chain and Freight segment, we expect moderate year-over-year revenue growth and continued margin expansion. So to wrap this up, UPS continues to produce quality earnings growth in an environment of moderate economic activity. We remain confident in our ability to succeed in these conditions and expect to produce record earnings per share for 2011. Thanks for listening this morning, and now Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Mr. Jon Langenfeld of Baird.
Jon A. Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: On the Domestic side, the International piece, I know you had a pretty tough comp there, margins came in better than you had talked about. But if I think about that over the next couple years and kind of playing out a relatively subdued growth environment, is there still enough room from the pricing offsetting the cost to move this higher as we progress over the next couple of years?
Andy Dolny: John, this Andy. Are you talking International Domestic or U.S. Domestic?
Jon A. Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'm talking about the Domestic -- overall Domestic on the profit margin side.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. We feel pretty happy about our continued momentum in the Domestic business, even in a muted growth environment with a focus on yields and the broad productivity improvements leveraging many of the things we talked about at the conference. We are continuing to see margin expansion. Clearly, it's a lot easier in a more robust economy and time will tell how 2012 looks. But as long as we keep focusing on our effectiveness and improve the value proposition with things like My Choice, we feel pretty bullish about the long-term Domestic opportunity.
D. Scott Davis: I think, Jon, we'll stay in a rational price environment, which will also help us enhance the margins.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Andy, you talked about -- or Kurt, I guess you talked about the story of decreasing letters going on for years. I just want to know, as you talked about the focus, we could see kind of a sharp rebound into the peak season here, so can you talk about -- when you talk about Next Day Air, is that kind of where the focus will feel at first? Do you see ground kind of feeling some of that in a rebounding economy and kind of on the mix changes within that Next Day Air? Does that impact it as well?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Ken. Clearly, we've been pleased with our progress in the Air business with the financial industry continuing to struggle and the housing industry weak. It does negatively impact the Letter business, but we've seen good growth in our Next Day Package, both with the a.m commitments and with the afternoon commitments. So we do see most of the growth in the package arena as supply chains continue to speed up and that is accentuated in an improving economic environment.
D. Scott Davis: Ken, I think the lean inventories that our customers are stocking right now could certainly lead us to stronger both International and Domestic Air Express business in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about the tax rate changes, and how that will be or not be sustainable into the fourth quarter and beyond?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we had guided at the beginning of the year to a range of 34% to 35%, and we do expect overall that the rate will come in at the low-end of that range at 34%. And it's a combination of the geographic mix of our earnings and some minor specific settlements. So it really just means that we are coming in at the lower end of the range and we'll probably see a similar adjustment in Q4 as we had in Q3.
D. Scott Davis: And David, in January, we'll talk about the rate for next year as we look at the expected earnings, distribution of earnings.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JP Morgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to ask you about the International side and get a sense of how significant the cost take-out and network adjustment is on transpacific, I guess, in terms of how much cost reduction we can look at in fourth quarter. And then also if you want to comment on pricing within International given that capacity utilization came down a bit.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think, Tom, the good news is, is that the pricing has remained stable in the International environment. It is a rational environment. Clearly, on the Cargo and the Freight side, the pricing is a little weaker and that benefits our Forwarding unit. We do expect to see the International demand firm up a little bit in Q4 with some product launches that last year were in the third quarter that are now in the fourth quarter. On the other hand, though, we did take a substantial amount of capacity out so we've lowered our year-over-year capacity out of Asia by about 10% or so and we'll continue to look at that. We did -- we have made, though, over the last year, 1.5 years a number of substantial enhancements with the direct flights to Europe and some of those things. And we do think that investing in that and continuing to leverage that platform is wise, but we'll adjust and adapt as the economy tweaks it. But right now, we feel like we're in pretty good shape, and borrowing further declines, we should be pretty well-calibrated.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Kurt, given your comments about pricing, can you talk a little bit about the sequential decline in yields. Was that -- my assumption was that fuel had been -- surcharges had been flat throughout the quarter, was that a -- was I wrong about that, one? And 2, was it a mix issue?
Kurt Kuehn: The international showed -- did see some impact and that's really that demonstration of the mix. As we said, we showed continued strong growth. European exports, most of which stay in the continent, grew upper single digits. North America trade continued strong, so there's a mix within that International export that did have an impact and if you take out the currency and the fuel, certainly that was a somewhat negative impact on yields. But we think on a same-package basis or a same-store basis that yields remain firm and there are some mix changes, but all in all, we feel very comfortable both domestically and international that the value proposition is such that we're able to sustain good yields.
D. Scott Davis: Domestically, the yields between the third quarter and second quarter were very similar, there really was no degradation, whatsoever.
Operator: Our next question in queue comes from the line of Mr. Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Trahan.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: The International profitability just feels like it's been an issue now that that's more than just a slowdown in demand and your International volumes weren't that terrible. International has a lot of things going on. Is there some part of the world where profitability is becoming a bigger issue relative to what you saw most of the last 5 or 6 years?
D. Scott Davis: First of all the question is Europe, that's not the answer. Europe has stayed very strong. Weve had -- we're very pleased with performance and profitability out of Europe. I mean, clearly, this was an Asia issue. And as you know, we had the most leverage both positive and negative coming out of Asia and it's tough to get the network cut down quick enough. But clearly, issue here was Asia in the third quarter and the second quarter.
Kurt Kuehn: And I guess I will comment that we're just showing a very slight decline of profits, 2%. Just the impact of fuel and currency would more than account for that. So we're not pleased with the third quarter results, but we're taking steps and we feel very confident that the International segment is going to continue to outgrow and we had a pretty sudden change in Asia. We telegraphed that in July and talked about it also in September. So it is a challenge, but we still feel very positive on the long-term prospects for the International.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Can you talk to the Asia capacity in terms of what you were built for growth and what capacity you took out and so what you're aligned for growth right now from Asia and what the volumes actually were in the quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: It's all -- you really have to look lane by lane, Ed. We did actually go to negative on the U.S. to Asia lane, and clearly, that's a lane that we have substantial capacity. The other lanes remained positive. Actually, Asia to Europe continued to look good. And as I said, we did take out approximately 10% of capacity in the quarter, and barring continual declines, we should be in better shape.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Peter Nesvold of Jefferies.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I was a little distracted early on in the prepared comments. I think you said that core pricing was up 3% year-over-year. And I was hoping you could you just elaborate on that data point a little bit more? Is that a mix neutral sort of same sales number, #1. Is that just Domestic? How did that compare to the last couple of quarters and do you sort of see that number being the base level going forward?
Kurt Kuehn: That was a Domestic reference, and it was weighted average of all the products. The Grounds, probably a little higher than the average, and the Air is a little lighter than the average. Clearly, that's not a big change. And in general, those trends are pretty darn similar to Q2 if you x it all out. So as you know, we continue to focus on creating as much value as possible and pricing accordingly, and that's gone very well this year.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Is that mixed neutral or does it incorporate the mix so that if mix deteriorated modestly to slower modes during the quarter, that sort of the same-store pricing might have been a little bit better than that?
Kurt Kuehn: The only place that would be relevant a little bit might be in some of the premium services where we are seeing high -- little higher growth in the afternoon services versus the a.m. So yes, you could adjust that out. We're seeing a similar trend, although slight in the International too, with a little higher growth in our standard services.
Andy Dolny: Just a reminder, please. One question per caller, and if you have a second, please get back into queue.Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: As you look across the International environment, you said you parked some airplanes to manage the decline in volumes in the third quarter. Have you seen any improvement in October volumes? And how much of an uptick do you need to see to bring capacity back online?
Kurt Kuehn: We have seen, I guess, it differs by theater a little bit. Asia, we are seeing some firming. Certainly, some of that is due to these major product launches that you read about in the paper. Europe remains fairly stable, although clearly, we are probably a little bit cautious on Europe with all the headline risk. And the U.S., perhaps a little bit softer, but not a big change in trends.
D. Scott Davis: I'd just say just in the economy in general, we're probably a little more optimistic than we were 1 or 2 months ago. We've had a lot of good economic reports. In the U.S., retail sales are looking -- better last month, unemployment claims are improving, manufacturing is getting better, bank loans are increasing. So I think we feel a little bit better. And that's been the problem on Asia exports, the demand of the U.S. has slowed down, and somewhat in Europe, demand has slowed down, so I think if we can get some decision-making done in Washington and Brussels, you'll see a firmer demand going forward, which obviously will help Asian exports.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Kurt, just some data points, if you can provide them, FX impact and if you have some sense for pension for 2012, pension expense that is.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Bill, we clearly show the FX impact for the -- on the revenue side and there was fairly significant impact. On the P&L though, we actually had a slight negative impact for FX, cost us about $0.01 or so. It's a combination of some of the collars we put on where it capped our coverage and also some strengthening in Asia against the dollar. So it's a mixed issue, not a huge trend, but it was headwind.
D. Scott Davis: The pension, Bill, is going to be obviously determined by the discount rate at December 31, so we can't calculate that yet. Returns on our plans have been pretty good this year despite the turmoil of the market. So it's all going to depend on the discount rates. So we won't know that number until we announce it in January.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Rob Byde of HSBC.
Robin Byde - HSBC, Research Division: Just on Europe and the Cologne hub. Night flyings are recently being banned, at least temporarily, at Frankfurt Airport. Is this likely to be a concern for your plans at Cologne?
D. Scott Davis: We feel pretty comfortable with the relationship we have at Cologne. And certainly, as we discuss these expansions with the administrators at Cologne Airport, we've got assurances that we're in good shape for many years to come.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When you think about the fourth quarter outlook on the International side, is that supported by kind of the product launches and the firming that you've been seeing in Asia? Or is there -- do you need to see any ramp-up going into the holiday season or would that all be upside relative to your expectations as it stands right now?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, certainly, if there's a little bit of an inventory squeeze, and I'd say there's a decent probability of that, then there is some upside. As Scott mentioned earlier, especially those long transpacific routes, there's incredible leverage on. And so to some extent, you make your bets and you see how it comes through. There does seem to be a little uptick as Scott had said in sentiment right now and that could create the need to speed up supply chains. Clearly, the flooding in Southeast Asia is a challenge that may also lead to some late hurry-up orders to catch up on supply. That's one of the reasons we've been, I guess, balanced in our capacity reductions, taking enough out that we don't feel like we've got too much, but at the same time, keeping enough infrastructure in place to capitalize on the benefit.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit as we talk about some of the trends shifting internationally more from maybe exporting to more of the intra-regional trade networks within Europe and Asia. I was wondering if you could talk a little about what you're doing to take advantage of that and what kind of growth opportunities you see as maybe some of those economy shift a little bit?
D. Scott Davis: We talked, Nate, a lot about this the last quarter at the Investor Conference that we really have invested pretty heavily in our intra-Asia network as it is probably the fastest growing business in the world right now. So we've obviously improved Time-In-Transit. We've added a lot more flights between locations over there and we'll continue to invest heavily as we go forward, but I think, generally, we're focused on, we're paying a lot of attention to and probably made our heaviest investments this year.
Kurt Kuehn: And really the combination of the intra-Asia flights as Asia trades more with itself and the continuing migration of integrated supply chains in Europe tends to drive the intra-European shipments also. So we remain very focused and bullish on both those theaters.
D. Scott Davis: And again, I think we're not writing off Asia exports to the U.S. I think, as the U.S. economy stabilizes, you're going to see more demand for Asian products. So I think you will see a pick-up then. But this quarter or next quarter, you're going to see exports in Asia the U.S. pick up again.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Christopher Ceraso of Credit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So it seems like most of the weakness in your International margins are the declines in Asia, maybe some mix going to shorter haul flights and some FX, but was there any hit from your expansion in Germany because you've got extra capacity or you're spending there? And if not, is that something you think might weigh on results in Q4 or Q1 of next year?
Kurt Kuehn: Not material. I mean, we certainly have been in the growth and in expansion mode in International, both with aircraft and with the sales resources and some other things. So we have been investing for growth and we continue to see the benefits of that with UPS far exceeding any of our competitors' profits and growth rates. So we are probably a little bit heavier on the investment side than on average, so there's some exposure if growth doesn't materialize, but no single -- the Cologne expansion is the -- would be the biggest capital investment in Europe, and clearly, that hasn't really broken ground yet.
D. Scott Davis: Yes, I want to reiterate though that Europe has stayed strong. Kurt talked about upper single digit growth. Last quarter, our profits were good. So we're comfortable. I mean, everybody is worried about the headlines, about Europe's economy, but our business has stayed strong and we expect it to stay strong going forward.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mr. David Ross of Stifel Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On the LTL side, it looks like you guys are still in freight selection mode. Can you talk a little bit about excess capacity that's in the network and when you think you want to chase volume and add density?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we continue to be pleased with our progress there. As we said, freight shipments were basically flat this quarter. We think that's pretty much in line with the industry. We do see the market proceeding towards a more healthy outcome. Clearly, we've been consistent on our revenue management policies, but many of our competitors have been pretty erratic. So we're continuing to focus on value and offering a unique proposition to customers and we will dial-up our aggressiveness on market share as we see the right time in the industry. But at this point, we're pretty pleased with the progress we're making.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Brooklier of Piper Jaffrey.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I think you may have talked a little bit to it, but wanted to get kind of the all-in impact from fuel in the quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: Fuel was a modest tailwind for the Domestic and a modest headwind for the International. It wasn't a huge number either way. But in International, the absolute level of fuel is more important, whereas, in Domestic, it's primarily a timing issue. So in aggregate, it's not a big story, but it did help the Domestic a bit and was a headwind for the International.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Mr. Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Rob Salmon on for Justin. There's been a lot of talk, I guess, about the aircraft capacity coming out of Asia. You guys indicated you took out about 10% of capacity out of those lanes. Could you give me a sense of how freight load factors trended in Q2, where we were in Q3 and kind of where they are directionally thus far in October?
D. Scott Davis: Clearly, with the softening in Asia, capacity utilization across the freight networks dropped fairly substantially. And Ocean Freight clearly was kind of underwhelming this year with the normal peak being certainly smaller than we expected. We've really not written a story yet on airfreight, as I said. We think there is certainly a decent probability that there'll be a bit of a squeeze in the next couple of months, but at least so far to date, the air buildup has been fairly modest. So we remain cautious in that theater. It is a benefit for the margins on our Forwarding group and certainly, helped us to generate the 8.3% margin in that segment, but we do remain cautious. There are a lot of players and there's some risk of overcapacity, certainly.
D. Scott Davis: This time in 2009, we did not see the airfreight peak that happened. So it's -- because holiday season is so compressed, it is down to just a few weeks in December now. You won't see it for a while, but at this time -- this call in 2009, we did not see peak that we're heading into. So can't say it's going to happen in 2011, but it's showing possibility.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: When we're thinking about kind of how full the planes are coming out of Asia, could you give us a sense of the magnitude of where we are in October versus where we had been in Q3, kind of following the adjustments you guys have made to the network?
Kurt Kuehn: It's really too soon to lock that in, I guess. With the product launches and some of the normal volatility, it's too early for us to make a call on -- if we've nailed capacity and demand perfectly on the balance. Remember though that we do have the ability to, as a very strong forwarder, to help smooth out the utilization of our airline with utilization of our forwarding capacity. So in aggregate, if you look at both business segments combined, it does reduce the volatility.
D. Scott Davis: What I'll say, we're planning on growth out of Asia in the fourth quarter, and we have less capacity so that should help utilization.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Jeff Kauffman of Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Some of these have been answered already. You mentioned the $0.01 per share impact of currency. You mentioned fuel was a drag on International, so if I had to look at the International decline in profits versus a year ago, how much did the fuel impact that? How much of that was more volume mix impact? You've already identified the currency aspect.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, if you factor out the 2 commodities, the fuel and the currency, clearly, we would've shown decent profit increases, probably, mid-single digit profit increases, maybe a little better. And then the product mix jumps around on us and this was one of the most volatile quarters. I mean, if you think of where we were at the beginning of the quarter and the whole roller coaster we've been on with demand and expectations around this global trade, that we were pleased that we continue to see growth in those regional shipments but with a high leverage. Those long-distance runs has clearly had an impact on the margins.
D. Scott Davis: I think, Jeff, again, a lot of this was driven by concern and uncertainty in the United States when after the first and second quarter GDP numbers came out and got revised down. There was a lot of concern of a double dip and people stopped buying, stopped consuming. In the last month or so, we're starting to see actually better economic numbers. So there's more optimism out there and that could change -- that could turn things around. We're still expecting a slow growth in economy, but I don't think it's negative as people were thinking 2 and 3 months ago.
Kurt Kuehn: So we are confident that the International segment will be back on a profit growth trend and continue to market share gains. How rapid that profit growth is will depend somewhat on the mix of how the next couple of months come together.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: You identified a 2014 LTL EBIT margin of 6% as a target. I guess I'm wondering, in addition to volume and price improvement, are there some operational changes required to achieve this?
Kurt Kuehn: Certainly, continued leverage of technology in our freight operation is a big part of the margin improvements. We had a good quarter this quarter, about 2/3 of the way to that goal as far as margins are concerned. But we're leveraging a lot of the technology that we manage our business with both on the line haul and the pick-up and delivery to streamline the freight. And that's part of the synergies that we bring. Much as we added paperless invoice to our airfreight shipments to streamline the customs clearance, we're also bringing the operational technology to the UPS Freight. And it's likely we'll have some other exciting announcements continuing on the UPS Freight both for the customer benefit and the operational.
Operator: Have a question from the line of Mr. David Campbell of Thompson, Davis & Company.
David P. Campbell: I think my question has been answered. But just to make sure, is there a quarter of tonnage, and the Asia-Pacific region was up for you, but I assume that when you talk about product mix, what you mean in the fourth quarter is that there will be more growth or less of a decrease in your Package business in the fourth quarter and that's what's driving a better results and higher yields per tonne. Is that one way to look at it?
Kurt Kuehn: No, David, you're a little too optimistic. We actually did see volume declines in our International business on the Small Package. The Forwarding was down also, but sometimes the volume that hits our planes or doesn't hit it can move around. So no, we did see low single-digit declines in exports out of Asia, which is unusual for us. We are expecting that to get back up to modest increases for Q4. But no, there were real sequential or year-over-year declines at least, but was part of the problem.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Gary Chase of Barclays Capital.
Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Wanted to see if I could get a little bit of flavor for some of the moving pieces in the Domestic segment. I clearly hand you that the comps are getting a lot tougher from a margin perspective, but you still have pricing that I think you said up 2% to 3%. Volumes looked actually okay in that segment, better than at least I was expecting. So just curious if there's sort of something going on, on the cost side that is slowing that down and whether or not that's something that could look better in future periods if these trends continue with volume and price the way you've been seeing them.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, it's a good question. Clearly, we did pretty well in a flat growth environment. We improved margins 60 basis points, but the comps versus last year on the comp and benefits were tougher and it was part of why we had fairly cautious guidance on that. But typically, the third quarter is a quarter where we true-up our self-insured liabilities, workers comps, some of those things. And the adjustment we made in 2010 was a much larger credit than what we saw in 2011. So that did cause the comp and benefit line to be a little higher in comparison to volume than normal. We don't -- that is basically a onetime event, although, it does get adjusted every year. So we continue to be optimistic, that's why we remain committed to the range we've done and are seeing great operational results and are expecting volumes to begin picking up a bit in the fourth quarter.
D. Scott Davis: Key ways we talked about in the past to improve the margins, Gary, is to get, our average weight rate is still high because we're not growing the business enough. And right now productivity is same as half of that in wage increase. We can get that average weight increase down by bringing in lower seniority employees, that's going to help us an awful lot. So instead of saving half of the wage increase can save much more than that with the productivity improvements.
Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just to be clear, the things you were mentioning, Kurt, like the workers comp, et cetera, those are not things that are uniquely hurting 3Q. Those are things that we should expect to continue in the run rate looking forward, right?
Kurt Kuehn: It's really primarily a this year, last year comparison for the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jason Seidl of Dalhman Rose.
Jason H. Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: If we look at the volumes in Asia, you mentioned they're expecting to pick up a little bit here in 4Q due to some of the product launches. Were you expecting to be up a few x out the product launches in 4Q?
Kurt Kuehn: It's almost impossible to factor that out. There's always product launches going on, as to whether it would be positive or not, I'm not sure. We've had estimates of some of the product launches and you have some for multiple companies every year. But we do see Asia without the product launches getting a little firmer. I guess, that's the bottom line.
D. Scott Davis: It really comes down though -- it comes to your, I guess your projections of demand out of Europe and demand out of United States. And right now, there's some cautious optimism, as Kurt said earlier, on the peak season in the United States where the National Retail Federation is calling for a 2.8% increase in sales, which is actually higher than average for the last 10 years. Not as good as last year, but higher than the average for the last 10 years. If that happens, that will create demand. But as I said before, it's a compressed season, so we'll have to wait and see.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Rob Pickels of Manning & Napier.
Robert F. Pickels: Just following up on the International market. You talked about demand in your own capacity. I'm curious a little bit about competitive capacity. I mean, one of your biggest competitors has been buying a lot of long-haul planes. Is that a chief sort of competitive capacity issue or you're also seeing it from smaller competitors or airlines? Just comment a little bit on that, and then are you seeing any of your competitors take down capacity as you have?
Kurt Kuehn: No. We are seeing some of our competitors react and take down excess capacity. Some of them have rechanged their routes to improve their utilization, and may be doing some fuel tech stops. But it's not just the express carriers, as you mentioned, there are other players, some of the foreign flag aircraft that have added some capacity. So we do think the market is rational, but clearly, when you make those big investments, you have to plan for the long-term. And so far, though, we do see people adjusting and taking some capacity out. So we don't think there's much risk of this thing getting drastic with a dramatic imbalance, but we do have to be cautious.
D. Scott Davis: We're taking out capacity and we generate probably double the margins of our competitors, so you think there's got to be a lot of pressure on them to reduce capacity going forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JP Morgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Some kind of follow-up question for you in terms of the pension beyond 2012. Going into this year, you had put in large cash contributions, I think, I guess, in 2010, then you had a pretty large contribution in January this year which offset some of what would have been the pension expense pressure this year. I'm wondering if you would consider -- if it looks like the discount rate is lower and going to cause pressure on pension expense in 2012, if you would also consider a large cash contribution which would mitigate some of the potential expense pressure in 2012.
Kurt Kuehn: Tom, we'll talk in certainly much more detail on the next quarter about our expectations for that. We did have about $0.07 headwind this year for increased pension expense. And with these frustratingly low discount rates, it does create some real challenges at least from an accounting perspective on the earning side. However, we feel pretty confident that over time, these incredibly low rates will come back up to a more normal historical level, which would do wonders for some of the plans. Having said that, our plan is in great shape as you mentioned, with the funding we did early in the year. We're pretty much 100% funded. So if rates stay this low through the end of the year, there will be some headwinds on our, at least our reported expense for the plan, but it will still be very well funded. And at least at this point, we're not planning for major additional funding, anything that would be outside the normal.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Mr. David Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on the European volume story. Kind of within Europe, are you seeing a different mix as far as the transporter standard versus kind of overnight inside of Europe?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, a little bit, a little bit. The blessing and the curse of this grade integrated network is it's very easy for customers to move up and down the portfolio. It was a tremendous strength for us during the recession because customers could trade down to the portfolio to save money rather than trading out. So we're seeing a little bit of that. Is it the beginning of a trend or is it just a blip, we're not sure yet. But we have seen, in the last quarter, a little bit of an acceleration in the growth in our more standard products and slower growth in our premium products. But all in all, Europe exports grew upper single digits, which is, I think, far above the market. We'll hear from some of our other competitors in the next couple of weeks and see, but we remain very confident that we've got a very strong value proposition there and are helping customers compete in a challenging environment.
D. Scott Davis: I might add, we do very well on profitability in our transporter standard. So just because you're trading down, doesn't mean you're hurting your profitability.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Yes, I was going to ask you, so is it a similar delta than the premium to differ in the U.S. versus in transporter Europe or is it a little less?
Kurt Kuehn: I guess the trick in the short term is that the premium products tend to have more fixed costs, and that the extreme is the Asia to U.S. lines. So it's mainly an issue for us of adapting our network, rightsizing, getting the right size plane and the right assets. And so over time, as Scott says, we can adjust and continue to generate the incredible margins that we're able to, no matter what the product mix. But in the short term, it can create some challenges to adapting the assets.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of David Ross of Stifel Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about the guidance range, Kurt? You didn't narrow it at all going into the fourth quarter and we only have one quarter left. Kind of looking at, the expectations you've laid out for the fourth quarter looks as if you're going to be in the lower end of the guidance range and so there's a lot of upside there. Is the fourth quarter, you mentioned that the consumer spend is better than people expect, is that much upside leverage to the model where you could potentially hit the upside of that range?
Kurt Kuehn: David, I don't want to get in detailed specifics on it. Clearly, we've migrated over the last couple of years to an annual guidance. If we think there's a risk of going out of that, either the positive or the negative, we would adjust. But it has been a bit of a roller coaster in the last few months anyway. We've taken a hard look at it. We are very confident that we will complete the year in that guidance. And with the uncertainty in the U.S. on the holidays, with the volatility we've seen across the globe, we figured we'd leave us a pretty wide range and not try to thread the needle for the remainder of the year anyway. So we remain optimistic, but we do think that since peak becomes more and more intense and more and more short, we thought it safe just to go ahead and stay with this current annual range.
D. Scott Davis: David, I said last quarter, I thought that the economy could be anywhere between 1% and 3.5% in the second half of the year and where the economy ended up could drive where we are in the range. So I think there's a good chance we're going to be somewhere in the middle of it, in that economy, the economic forecast of 1% to 3.5%. So we feel pretty comfortable keeping the range where it is. Still, as Kurt said, the holiday season has a big wide range on the results, so we left it where it was.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the program back over to Mr. Dolny.
Andy Dolny: Yes, I'm going to turn it over to Scott for some final comments.
D. Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Now UPS produced solid results as we managed through the economic soft patch in the third quarter, but now we're starting to see a number of developments that give me optimism. U.S. economy is stable in showing modest growth. We've started to see important decisions being made in both Washington and Brussels, although much more action is needed there. UPS is ready with a global integrated network in place to support stronger growth going forward. As we look for the rest of the year, UPS is prepared to meet the needs of our customers and finish up the year with a strong fourth quarter as we achieve record earnings per share for the year. Thanks so much, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: D. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations Kurt Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Jeffrey Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Elliott Waller - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Steven, and I would like -- I will be your teleconference facilitator. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host, UPS Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Andy Dolny. The floor is yours, sir.
Andy Dolny: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'm here this morning with Scott Davis, our CEO; and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, to discuss the company's results for the quarter and our expectations going forward. Before they begin, however, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2010 Form 10-K and first quarter 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's call is being webcast and will also be available on the UPS Investor Relations website. In our earnings announcement today, you'll notice that we recorded a net gain of $33 million as a result of 2 non-recurring real estate transactions. This provided an after-tax benefit of $20 million or $0.02 per share. Excluding these transactions, diluted earnings per share for the second quarter were $1.05.  Although the overall impact is small compared to total earnings, we felt the adjustment was necessary to provide a better view of segment performance. In their remarks today, Scott and Kurt will refer to UPS's second quarter 2011 results excluding the impact of this gain. Additionally, all 2011 full year references and comparisons to 2010 will refer to adjusted results. We believe this is a more accurate picture of the company's performance. Reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures and free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, are explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release. These schedules are also available on the UPS Investor Relations website in the financial section.  Before I turn it over to Scott, I want to remind everyone of our Investor Conference on September 14 and 15 in Louisville, Kentucky. You should have received an e-mail recently informing you of the details. Attendees will be provided tours of UPS Small Package and Supply Chain facilities, as well as demonstrations of our industry-leading, operational and customer-facing technologies and solutions. There will be multiple opportunities for interaction with the management team and sufficient time for informal Q&A. Unlimited locker rooms at a discounted rate are available, so please visit UPS Investor Relations website to register. We look forward to seeing you there.  Now to begin our review, I'll turn the program over to Scott.
D. Davis: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Today, UPS reported another quarter of impressive results, however, it was not without some difficulty, given the uneven nature of the global economy. While fuel prices have come down some and Japan appears to be recovering, high unemployment and weak consumer confidence continue. The end of the second round of quantitative easing and the government debt issues only add to the uncertainty. 2011 has been a difficult year to forecast economic growth. For example, according to the Wall Street Journal, back in February, in the middle of the quarter, 51 leading economies expected first quarter U.S. GDP to grow 3.6%. And as you know, it ended up at only 1.9%.  The current forecast call for second half GDP growth of more than 3%. Given all the uncertainty that exists in the U.S. economy, it could end up being anywhere from 1.5% to 3.5%. Bottom line, economic growth expectations have slowed from where they were at the start of 2011. And as I said last quarter, the increasing U.S. exports is a key component in creating jobs here at home and helping our economy grow. I'm hopeful the Congress will act soon on the pending trade agreements with South Korea, Colombia and Panama. But clearly, they are not acting fast enough. I can assure you that UPS is not sitting back waiting for the economy or trade agreements to keep us growing. We are creating our own opportunities to ensure that UPS keeps moving in the right direction. For example, in June, UPS held the Sixth Annual Healthcare Forum. More than 85 senior-level healthcare executives from 60 companies attended the Washington, D.C. event to discuss key supply chain issues and opportunities. Events like these give us insight into the challenges and opportunities in the industry. We continue to invest in expansion of our healthcare capabilities. Last month, UPS made a significant announcement in this space, the global broadening of a relationship with Merck. We have been working closely, developing a deep understanding of their needs and have a strong network in place to support them. The relationship with Merck will expand to include Europe, Asia and Latin America. UPS will provide a broad range of services, including distribution, warehousing and transportation. UPS's industry-leading technology, unmatched breadth of solutions and strong global presence were some of the many factors that allowed us to win this business.  A year ago, we strengthened our presence in Asia by opening our Shenzhen facility. Since this have opened, we have significantly improved Time-In-Transit for more than 100 intra-Asia lanes, enhancing service levels for UPS customers and key business centers like Beijing, New Delhi, Mumbai and Seoul. We just announced another recent development in Asia, the expansion of the UPS Air network to serve the important Western China City of Chengdu. This new flight provides express services to Europe and the Americas from this rapidly emerging center of technology and manufacturing. Not only did UPS expand its global network, we added to our unmatched portfolio of solutions. We introduced UPS Returns Exchange, another tool in the reverse Logistics portfolio to support the needs of our customers. They're excited about how this product will improve visibility and inventory management and enhance the post-sales experience for their customers. Overall, it was a good quarter for UPS. In fact, it was our highest second quarter EPS ever. Despite slowing economic growth expectations, I'm encouraged by the progress we are making. Our strategy is sound, and hard work of UPS's around the globe is paying off.  Now let me turn it over to Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. Another solid quarter for UPS, with earnings up 25% on revenue growth of more than 8%. We had over 30% improvement in U.S. Domestic profit, strong International export volume growth and the best quarterly profit ever in Supply Chain and Freight.  In fact, the $1.05 earnings per share set a new high for UPS in the second quarter. Operating margin expanded 110 basis points to 12.6% despite higher fuel costs and an increasingly challenging global economic environment. UPS growth strategies, combined with our focus on quality of revenue, as well as network efficiencies produced these results. Now let's take a look at how the segments performed for the quarter. U.S. Domestic operating profit climbed 31% on revenue growth of more than 6%. Domestic volumes were flat as a result of the slow U.S. economy and our continued focus on revenue management. Operating margin expanded by 240 basis points to 12.7%, demonstrating the leverage inherent in our integrated network.  Revenue per piece climbed more than 6%, due primarily to stronger base rates and higher fuel surcharges. In fact, stronger base rates contributed roughly half the improvement. Technology solutions continue to improve our network efficiency, delivering big operational savings as demonstrated by reductions in both direct labor hours and miles driven. These savings partially offset cost increases associated with wage inflation, pension and the 401(k) match. The lag in the fuel surcharge had a minimal impact on profitability as energy prices did moderate during the quarter. As high energy costs continue to prevail, we are vigilant in the pursuit to reduce usage. And UPS continues to evaluate a wide array of solutions, including various operational technologies, alternative fuels and new vehicle designs. One example is our new prototype composite package car. The weight of this vehicle is 1,000 pounds lighter than a traditional vehicle, and it's 40% more efficient. We are testing 5 of these vehicles to determine if they can stand up to our demanding needs, and we'll have one of the vehicles on display at our Investor Conference in Louisville on September 14. Now let's turn to the International segment. Revenue was up more than 13% on strong volume growth of 6.2%. Export volumes increased over 8% with growth around the world. Europe and China continued their momentum of solid growth, although we did see slowing in the rest of Asia. Non-U.S. Domestic volumes improved 5%, led by double-digit growth in France and Turkey, along with solid increases in Canada, Germany and Mexico. International package deals were up 4% on a currency-neutral basis, driven by higher fuel surcharges and base rates. Our International operating margin of 15.8% was up 40 basis points compared to the first quarter and remains industry-leading. Operating profit was $497 million. This is down $24 million from last year. Currency translation and hedging programs had a negative impact to operating profit of more than $50 million, and fuel was also a slight drag for the quarter.  Remember when comparing to last year, the second quarter of 2010 presents a very challenging comparison. For example, International operating profits were up about 80% over 2009, driven in part by a 40% growth rate in UPS Asian exports. We continue to invest for growth and have significantly increased air network capacity in Asia since the beginning of 2010. While this additional lift does create a temporary drag in operating margin, it positions us very well for future growth. In addition to the new Chengdu flight that Scott mentioned earlier, during the quarter, UPS made other moves to improve service and increase capacity on our global air network. In Latin America, UPS upsized 19 weekly flights, effectively increasing our payload capacity in key markets by more than 50%. Now for the Supply Chain and Freight segment. Revenue was up 7% to $2.3 billion, led by UPS Freight's 19% gain. Operating profits increased more than 40% to $187 million, while margin expanded 200 basis points to 8.1%, both our new highs for this developing segment. Clearly, the long-term investments we've been making over the years are paying off. The increase in operating profit was driven primarily by the Forwarding business, with UPS Freight also contributing.  Forwarding revenue growth was muted by tonnage decreases, although operating profit improved significantly due to revenue management initiatives and market conditions. Capacity increases outpaced demand, pushing our buy rates lower. UPS Freight's jump in revenue was driven by strong LTL tonnage and shipment growth. Revenue per hundredweight was up 11%, driven by both higher fuel surcharges and increased base pricing. As expected, UPS Freight improved profitability this quarter. Our strategy of focusing on the middle market, leveraging the Small Package sales force and driving operational efficiencies are paying off and continue to move us in the right direction. The Distribution business continued to see solid growth in the Healthcare sector. Operating profit growth was relatively flat due to our substantial investments as we expand our global capabilities in this strategic vertical. UPS recently opened 3 dedicated distribution facilities in Canada, Brazil and Singapore, bringing the total healthcare compliance space to more than 4 million square feet across 30 facilities around the world. Now let's talk about cash flow. UPS continues to excel in this financial metric. For the 6 months ending June 30, free cash flow was more than $2.3 billion, even after making accelerated pension contributions of $1.2 billion. We continue to reinvest in the business with first half capital expenditures approaching $1 billion. UPS has taken delivery on 6 additional aircrafts. The capacity created by the four 767s and two 747-400s allows UPS to further expand the reach of its networks to markets across the world. With respect to distributions to shareowners for the 6 months ended June, UPS paid dividends of more than $1 billion, a 10.6% increase per share. In addition, we repurchased 14.4 million shares for approximately $1.1 billion, more than doubled last year's level.  Regarding our outlook for the remainder of 2011. We are reaffirming our earnings per share guidance of $4.15 to $4.40 a share. Regarding the U.S. Domestic segment, UPS will continue to benefit from its focus on yield and on improvements in operational efficiency. Keep in mind, however, starting in the third quarter, we begin to lap the benefits of the U.S. restructuring. That being said, the shape of the next 2 quarters may not reflect typical seasonality. Given the softness in the U.S. economy, we expect third quarter volume growth to be slow and operating margins to be similar to last year. In the fourth quarter, we expect year-over-year operating margin expansion. In International, we expect second half operating profit growth of mid-to upper teens, compared to last year as the impact of our hedging programs is mostly behind us. The Supply Chain and Freight segment will continue to see the margin expansion and revenue growth, as we expect to experience operating profit growth in Freight and strong operating margins in Forwarding. To wrap this up, as Scott indicated, economic conditions have slowed since we last provided guidance. A good example, U.S. GDP growth expectation for 2011 was at 3.1%. It was revised downward to 2.9% and now sits at 2.5%. These trends may reverse the summer projecting or they may continue. Clearly, economic conditions in the second half will impact where we fall within our range. That being said, our guidance for full year EPS growth of 17% to 24% remains unchanged, and 2011 will be a record year for UPS.  Thanks for your attention, and now Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Let's look at International, as you expand your International network and you build out your International network, are there start-up costs that are still incurring which could impact margins?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, certainly, the addition of capacity does create some time period to get utilization back up to where it is. And it's just not visible utilization, it's really the revenue maximization. So especially in Asia, we've had fairly significant capacity expansions. You've heard about us continue to improve service through there. And for the first few quarters, anyway, of a new flight, typically, there's a higher portion of cargo and freight on the plane, so the revenue yield is not quite as rich. So it's a little bit of a headwind right now, but in general, we feel pretty good, and we expect International to show solid double-digit growth for the rest of the year.
D. Davis: And clearly, Kevin, I think going to areas like Chengdu, we're going there because our customers are asking us to go there. We're going to see a tremendous growth in Western China over the next 5 years, and we think we're positioned very well to serve that market going forward.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Kind of a follow-up, and talking about adding to your Asia air network, are you shifting capacity around? Or is this new capacity you're introducing to your airline fleet?
Kurt Kuehn: It's primarily new capacity, as we are either upscaling aircraft, making additional stops or new aircraft, so we're doing it prudently. We want to make sure we don't get ahead of the market, but as we bring some of these new efficient large aircraft in, it does make sense to put them on the international flights.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group of Wolfe Trahan.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Scott, you gave a pretty wide range for GDP of 1.5% to 3.5% for the second half of the year. Should we interpret that to mean that you can meet your guidance range even if it's only 1.5% GDP? And then, does that suggest kind of material upside to your guidance that second half is closer to 3.5% growth?
D. Davis: Well, I think we have not narrowed our range, Scott, for the year, primarily because of the uncertainty in the economy. So I think I'm comfortable saying that we will be within the range at 1.5% economy or 3.5% economy. Clearly, where we are in the range will depend on how strong the economy turns out. As you know, we have some positives out there with the energy price decline and Japan supply chain getting back on. But obviously, with the debt ceiling hanging out there, the uncertainty that causes, big issues, I think last night's national media didn't give anybody more confidence that this will get resolved. I think we expected it to be the last minute before it get resolved and will get resolved but a lot of uncertainty. Consumer confidence is down because of it. Unemployment is still weak, so a lot of uncertainties right now, but we feel comfortable with the range we gave.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, that's helpful, and just a follow-up. Just trying to understand why Domestic Package volumes are still soft. I mean, we're certainly seeing better than flattish GDP and IP growth. I'm just wondering, do you think you're losing share because of the pricing strategy, maybe a small package overall losing share because of high fuel and consolidating into larger shipments. Just any color there would be great, and any expectations you have specifically for volumes going forward?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, sure, I'll talk to that a little bit, but I think over the -- maybe talking about the market in general, first off, that in any given point in time in an economic cycle, Small Package may outperform or underperform. Typically, in a recovery phase, it may lag IP and some of those things, but if you take a look over the last 7 or 8 years or so, really watching the full length of the cycle we've been through, Small Package growth has outperformed both GDP and IP. Granted, the numbers haven't been exciting, given where the U.S. economy has ended up over that time period. So I think as you smooth out over the cycle, we still feel pretty confident that the Small Package industry will continue to be a good place to be. As we look at the overall industry, we think the overall Small Package environment has been relatively flat the last couple of quarters, if you look at all the players. It's multiplayer market and clearly, the post office continues to show some declines. So we feel that we're holding on to share right now, frankly. And that we are focusing on getting good strong yields across our entire portfolio that does require a level of discipline and patience in some cases, and we're pleased with the results we're seeing. Clearly, the yields continue to be strong, and we feel confident that trend is going to continue.
D. Davis: And I think some of the fastest growing markets is International Package market, and we've continually, over the last 10 years, grown faster than the market.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Any volume expectations going forward?
Kurt Kuehn: No, we just commented that we expect Q3 to continue to be fairly slow, frankly, unless there's a big catalyst. But we do expect to see a little stronger growth then moving into Q4.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jon Langenfeld of Baird.
Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: This is Ben Hartford in for Jon this morning. If I could start on the International side and get your sense on what some of the pressure on the margins were this quarter. It looks like, based on your expectation from mid- to upper teen EBIT growth in the back half of the year, that the pressure start to normalize, but can you talk a little bit about the pricing dynamic on the International lanes?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, well, we feel pretty good overall on the pricing. We warned you last quarter that there was going to be some real headwinds for our International business. The currency, in light of the hedging we did this year versus last year, the euro plummeted last year, and we did protect ourselves back then and sold away some of the upside. So currency, overall, was about a $50 million headwind for us. And fuel also was a headwind in International although it was fairly neutral for Domestic. If you add those 2 back in, you actually get a pretty darn good result with margins approaching 18%, so I think those are 2 onetime events that did impact Q2, and I think we've been trying to warn you guys that, that was coming. Clearly, the fuel was an addition on top of that. So that was the short-term issue that really created the decline in profits even with great growth and firm yields. Looking to the second half of the year, we do expect to see a double-digit profit growth again. Overall, the macro environment internationally is moderating slightly. We did mention that Asia has cooled, although China continues strong. So there are some, I guess, bit of mitigating factors a little bit, although, clearly, with us showing 8% export growth, we're still gaining share, as Scott said, and creating good results. So we see this as a solid period for International, but the market, we think, is maybe catching its breath a little bit, and we'll see what the next leg is.
D. Davis: Yes, Ben, I'd say that the first half of the year International performed about exactly what we thought it would, probably the only surprise was maybe Asia being a little bit slower than we've expected, Europe being a little bit stronger than we've expected and Germany continues to just outperform. Germany's GDP expectations have climbed dramatically from what we saw at the start of the year, so Europe is staying strong, and overall, we're confident with the second half of the year.
Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, great. And on the Supply Chain and Freight side, but just specifically looking at Supply Chain, very strong performance here, particularly on the Forwarding segment. It looks like if you exclude Freight that EBIT margins in that segment on the Supply Chain are approaching best-in-class levels. So I'm wondering if, one, you would agree with that statement, and two, is this type of margin performance sustainable? And where should we think about margins in that segment going forward from here?
Kurt Kuehn: A lot of pieces of the puzzle there you asked me. But we are -- we're very pleased with the progress we've made in Supply Chain. It's a great example of kind of our long-term perspective of investing for a decade, refining the business model and building a global footprint. And with us aligning it into all of our other capabilities in technology, we feel very good that we've built something that will last and will create shareowner value. We do think we're approaching best-in-class margins. The Forwarding group is clicking very well. We did mention that actually distribution is investing deeply right now. As we had these major healthcare facilities around the world, that's clearly an investment. But even with that there, they're holding in there well. The Forwarding margins do cycle. In periods of weak buy rates, the forwarder does well and the airline makes a little less money. So you've seen that balance this quarter, where as some of the rates have come down, we're not making quite as much on our airline capacity, but we're doing great as a forwarder. So margins will fluctuate, but having that balance of capabilities is great. And there's still a lot of headroom on the UPS Freight side. We've remain very disciplined. We're showing both growth and very strong yields, and so I think that story is still there to be written, and we look for good things for that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I wanted to ask you, I guess, a thought on Domestic Package margin. The first 2 quarters of the year, you've shown this nice formula of pretty significant Domestic Package margin improvement despite volumes which were flattish essentially, I guess, maybe down slightly in first quarter. And then in third quarter, I recognize you lapped some of the U.S. restructuring, so that is a difference in the comparison in the cost side. But is the formula still in place that you have nice margin expansion on pricing and cost? Or is your comment on third quarter domestic margin being flat, is the formula changing a bit, again, in terms of you're doing well despite flat volumes?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, Tom, I do think it is -- we do want to be pretty clear on what we see going on in the Domestic. We do expect in Q3 anyway for margin cost to be fairly flat to last year. A lot of that's driven by our expectation of a continued extremely sluggish U.S. environment. So that's the primary driver on that front. But also, as we look at our comps year-over-year, Q3 of 2010 was an exceptional quarter for us. We did have good strong recovery growth, and there were some -- the third quarter is usually the quarter in which we do some of our true-ups for workers comp and some of the health trends. So that was an area where we benefited last year. We don't expect to see quite as much benefit this year. So a little bit of a breather in Q3, but the operational efficiencies and the yield management and the focus on growing profits remains, and we think you'll see that back more clearly on a year-over-year basis in Q4. So a little bit of tougher comps, certainly ramping the restructuring which has been incredibly successful for us, it has added at least $0.10 a share, so some of that tailwind mitigates as we lap that. But we still think the other 2 trends are strong and will continue to show good results, especially starting on the Q4 again on a comp basis.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So how much of that third quarter difficult comparison and flat Domestic margin is -- you mentioned accrual, how much of that story is kind of onetime and you'd say, well, you hit that in third quarter, and how much of it is well if you have flat volumes than the margin kind of trends towards flat even though you're getting pricing?
D. Davis: Certainly, the economic cycle is the biggest driver. I mean, the onetime events of workers comps and summer time of that which happen in Q3 typically is not a huge issue, that's just one of the mitigating factors. But we're continuing to improve efficiency and effectiveness. Clearly, if there's no volume and growth in the industry for an extended period, it will slow the rate of profit growth. But we anticipate that we'll show increases in both margin and profit in Q4, given most scenarios that we've looked at.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, and that's because your volumes get better in Q4, or what's -- I guess, I still don't see what the difference is in the 3Q and 4Q views?
D. Davis: It's a combination both of some, certainly, some expectation of firming and also the comparisons become more normal.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Dave Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Just a quick question on the strength that you're seeing in the LTL volume relative to weakness in Package. This is sort of a follow-up to an earlier question, but do you see that maybe some of the volume is being pushed back towards LTL in the ground?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, it is a fluid process. And we frankly try to make that as easy as possible. We carbonized our shipping systems so customers on a daily basis can shift between LTL and package. And clearly, in the last couple quarters, the LTL industry has shown much greater growth than the package industry. So there may be some slight shifting on the increment. We have seen actually though, even though LTL held up fairly strong in the second quarter, we have seen things begin to moderate a little bit in July. So we're positive on the LTL as an industry, but clearly, there's some risk I think also to growth there.
D. Davis: David, if you look at previous cycles, I think you do see where the LTL seems to come back a little bit quicker than Small Package. And clearly, during the recession, we saw the Small Package market dropped quite a bit, not as far as IP, but it always seems to lag coming back, so it's not unusual occurrence.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay, and then maybe just a follow-up on the LTL space. With respect to the fact that you're getting better rates, where do you guys stand relative to the industry in terms of driver pay? Would you say you guys are sort of average, above average? I'm just trying to understand maybe how much of that rate increase you're going to be actually able to retain versus what's going to flow through towards driver pay increases?
Kurt Kuehn: We've got a very reasonable contract in place that will show modest below inflation increases in wages. So that's an ongoing process. We do have a contract, and so we're not quite as volatile as perhaps the market rates, which I know are getting squeezed right now. So we feel good that we've got a good outlook for the cost structure. Clearly, the Freight business continues to get more effective and streamlined, and we did accelerate the way the rate increase into August, which will also be beneficial on the yield side. So we feel like the formula was good. We've got a very high-quality service, superior technology and the customers that are using a blend of package and freight to match shipment characteristics are the ones that are seeing tremendous savings. So it's a win-win for us, if we can keep it in the network and help customer choose on a daily or weekly basis.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: If I could just start off with kind of a follow-up on the International, the currency exchange. Kurt, was that -- the $50 million, was that all due to the currency exchange? Or can you kind of dig into that, that $50 million and then looking forward, what should we expect on the impacts into the second half, the third and fourth on the International side?
Kurt Kuehn: The $50 million is a combination of the direct currency impact and hedging losses, frankly. Back last year, when the euro was in the mid-$1.20s, we put some collars in place that protect us on the downside and cap the upside. That creates a hedging loss, Ken. That was the primary impact for us in the second quarter, and those hedging losses will mitigate dramatically in the third and fourth quarters. So that was the biggest specific impact on us.
D. Davis: In fact, Ken, what will happen in 2012 will actually benefit from currency hedging because the price we paid this year is going to help our comparisons next year. So going forward, probably the next 6 quarters or so, our currency should not be a drag and probably will be a little bit of a help.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: So including into the back half, you won't see any residual impact?
D. Davis: Right.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, as you look to the slowing economy, you made some comments on that earlier on. Looking at Next Day Air volumes being down, you talked about adding planes domestically. What signs do you look for to either slow the ads or postpone or go back to parking? How dramatic does that step have to be where you then go into that cost-cutting mode again?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, I think, on the Domestic side, really block hours are almost flat, so we've not been adding anything significant in the U.S. Occasionally, if a lane gets heavy, we'll upscale a plane, and we've got a very highly compatible fleet, so it's very easy to move from like a 75 to a 76. So it's always a balancing act of throwing the ball a little bit ahead of the runner. So you catch the demand when it's there but not getting ahead of yourself, and we've been pretty pleased with our ability to keep high utilization. Being a freight forwarder also helps to fill it up in the Domestic market, specifically. Clearly, the North American Airfreight, we did have a competitor decide to exit that market, so that should be good for demand and for yields, we think, in the Domestic Airfreight. So we watch all of those things very frequently, and we get a lot of insights because we sit in virtually all the markets and can watch what's happening.
D. Davis: Ken, as you recall, our CapEx is still in 4% revenue, so our CapEx is at a historically low level at this point in time. And you saw during the recession, our ability to flex our fleet. I think we've got probably the biggest strengthening in the industry, adjusting our feet to that demand. So we're very confident we're in a good shape. We still expect there'd be some growth out there going forward though.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: So if I could just jump in down on that, how do you think about peak shipping season, do you anticipate kind of that tighter season as we move deeper into August?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, we've -- I think, so far at least looking at Asia, which is really where peak begins, we've not seen very strong indications at least on the ocean front. So if the -- I know last year, actually, we had a little bit of an early blip on ocean, and typically, August is really our ocean peak. And at least, so far, our temperature checks don't suggest a very strong peak that way. Now that may manifest itself into one Airfreight boom later if demand picks up, but we are cautious, I mean, and clearly, you hear us talk on that.
D. Davis: Ken, it goes back to what I opened up with on the uncertainty of economy right now. If Congress and the President resolves these debt season issues satisfactorily the next week, the mood of the country could change pretty quickly, and you can see demand picking up. Europe has made some progress in their sovereign debt issues. So the mood can change pretty quickly to resolve some of these issues in front of us. So I wouldn't say we're pessimistic about the future, there's just a lot -- we're uncertain about how much the economy will grow.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Malat of Goldman Sachs.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: The first is on the deferred in ground volumes were up a little bit more than Next Day Air. I just -- I think you tweaked the fuel surcharge program that did narrow the pricing gap between the modes, especially when the fuel prices rise. But can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of trade-downs, how much yield are you seeing?
Kurt Kuehn: It is -- certainly, the spread is much narrower than it was back in 2008 when we had the 20%-plus differences between the Air and Ground surcharges. So we think this current environment is much healthier. It allows customers to maintain their normal mix of premium products and standard products, even in the rising fuel. I think if you look back early in the quarter when fuel was bumping 110 or more, we did begin to see some real discussions and some revisiting the supply chains. And so there is a threshold of that which certainly begins it begins to more materially impact the supply chains. As it began to moderate, and it's now sitting below 100 at least, it seems to settle down a little bit. So we watch that pretty carefully. Our intent is not to make this disruptive to customers. It's just really to have a way for us to minimize our volatility, and so far, it's worked pretty well.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then the other one was just -- I'm not sure how much you'll be able to say about this. I know I've gotten a lot of questions on it, and hopefully, you'll speak more detail at the Analyst Day, but I thought I'd give it a shot. Is there a way you can you help us think about the long-term top line growth rate for the company? I mean, a lot of people break it down and get to the numbers of 7% or 6% or 7% or 8% in those kind of ranges, is that too low, and how much can you help us with that?
Kurt Kuehn: You're going to have to make the trek to Louisville to hear that, I'm afraid. We'll clearly give some update on our long-term expectations. And we're such a diverse company that you really have to break it down into 7 or 8 categories with Domestic Package, the International package, Freight Forwarding, the Distribution, the LTL. And so we'll speak in detail about our long-range outlook. This really isn't the point to get into to that.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gary Chase of Barclays Capital.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: I wanted to see if I could follow up on this topic of customer response to some of the pricing initiatives. If you look at places where you have been successful at, say, implementing significant price change, are you really not seeing anything different in terms of volume behavior there than you're seeing in the broader business?
Kurt Kuehn: It's a nuanced issue. I think on the increment, certainly, there are conditions or cases where we may win a little less volume or perhaps have the discretion to part ways on some negotiations. We think, in aggregate, the market has been very realistic and realizes that the market rates have been underperforming over the previous years. So we are continuing to be very disciplined on that, and it's the discussions we have at the executive level anyway about the strategies and how we fit together. Ultimately, the way for us to assure strong yields is to keep improving of our value proposition. So the capabilities we built, the product enhancements, those are the ways we can do this in the long term. And so far, we feel pretty good on the progress we're making.
D. Davis: And I think a lot of the customer surveys that have been done over the last 12 months say that the customers are seeing a lot of value for what they're paying for. So I think right now the customers are pleased with the value proposition, as Kurt said.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: I want to see if you could give us a little bit of flavor for what's going on in terms of weight per package. And if possible, if you could differentiate, I don't know if your calculation includes like a rated weight factor, given what you did with the dimensional weights earlier this year. And if you could maybe break that into sort of core weight gain, and what's just sort of optics because of some of the pricing change?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, it's a good question. I think the best overview, I guess, just to give you the footnotes version here is the Ground is up slightly. We're actually seeing slight declines in the overall air products, if you adjust everything out. Not anything dramatic, but we're seeing a little bit of a slowing on the Air Package side anyway, and a slight increase on the Ground.
D. Davis: With B2C movement we're seeing on the Air side, more goods being shipped, and B2C the difference is lighter weight products.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: Okay, and that's core weight you're talking about, not rated weight, right?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I wanted to talk -- like actually, that's a great transition from that previous question in terms of a little bit of bigger picture. Obviously, near term, we have a lot of uncertainty in the economy, but one of the drivers that I think we're talking a little bit more about over the next 3 to 5 years might be the impact of the e-commerce activity in the Domestic business. And I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about that, and what you're seeing and how you're positioned there?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, I'll kick it off, and then Scott may want to add a little more view for the longer term, but the e-commerce component of our business continues to grow pretty robustly. It's an increasing form of purchase for increasing array, and it's not just a U.S. phenomena. Frankly, we're seeing strong trends on that across the globe. So that we continue to look for ways to best serve that model. We have added or expanded our direct-to-consumer injection in the post office with our SurePost solution. We're very light weight, low value, that's working very well. Plus frankly, we're looking across the globe at ways to help our customers create really global footprints for B2C, and we think that's a long-term trend.
D. Davis: Well, I think that's fair. I think it's here to stay and we think B2C will become -- every year will become a little bigger piece of the pie. We're working very closely with some of our bigger customers and how do we solve their problems. I think we're very proud of our reverse logistics portfolio. We talked about the new Returns Exchange program we're going to introduce later this year. We continue to make it easier for our B2C players to be competitive. We have to help them be competitive. It's got to be a pleasing experience for their customers, which means they have to be able to return products if they don't work, if they don't fit. So I think -- and that's why technology is a big advantage for UPS. So we'll be the forefront of this, and it's going to be a fast-growing market moving forward.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Then my follow-up would be, if we, and I know that there's, again, couching the uncertain environment, but if we ended up at that lower end of that GDP forecast, does that start to impact some of the yield initiatives in terms of your ability to pass along those prices? Or as you had said, just a moment ago, the value add that customers are seeing, does that offset that?
D. Davis: Yes, I think we've been at the lower end of that. I think you're going to see the second quarter not much better than the first quarter, maybe not as good for GDP. So we've been there, done a very good job on revenue management and growing yields. So I don't see that changing in the near term.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: With the improvement in the results out of the freight division now, I think you guys have done a fairly good job at kind of keeping that infrastructure, the status quo, while you were going through this downturn. Are you starting to see results at freight now? Or you think maybe it's time to start investing more heavily there and trying to grow that footprint much more aggressively?
Kurt Kuehn: At least if you're speaking specifically of the UPS Freight segment, we're doing prudent and incremental expansions as it's needed. We'll be likely increasing our investments a little bit in the fleet, but we don't see any huge step functions. It's fairly inexpensive to put up Freight terminals compared to package terminals because of a significantly reduced high-tech equipment in it. So it's not a huge investment for us, probably the major area would just be fleet expansions.
D. Davis: We pay a lot of attention to the capacity than market place do. And if that changes, that could change our answer.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, all right. That makes sense. And then lastly, given how public the postal service's problems have become and with all the rhetoric anywhere from getting rid of Saturday delivery to 15 years from now going to 3-day delivery, whatever it may end up being. Have you seen -- is that uncertainty around their service creating any further opportunities on the parcel side now? Or do you think that, that bears fruit 2 or 3 years from now?
Kurt Kuehn: I don't think it's a big issue in the short term. Most of the very deep integrated B2B business is not with the post office, and those are the ones where a long lead time would make a big difference in the supply chain. So they're focusing on finding their strengths and working on the last mile. We are collaborating with them and competing with them. Clearly, the post office have to make dramatic changes to improve their financials, but I don't see that as a big issue for day-to-day customers decisions.
D. Davis: Yes, John, I think the Saturday delivery is probably the most imminent issue right now for customers. And there are some looking for different solutions, so that could have a more immediate impact on us. If they do go eventually down the road from 5 days to 3 days, that changes the game pretty dramatically, but that's down the road.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Matt Brooklier of Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: A question on Domestic Package. If you can walk us through the quarter from a demand perspective, April, May, June, I don't need numbers. But just generally, how did the quarter progress? And then maybe operating what you're seeing in July at Domestic Package versus June?
Kurt Kuehn: It's actually been relatively flat. We had expected coming out of the very bad weather in the first quarter to see things pick up a little bit, and that was kind of our guidance. But as the dust settled on April, and you factored out the holidays and all of that, we think the trends have been sluggish but stable all the way through to the present anyway. So there's really not a big story there.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay, there hasn't been any change in July versus what you've witnessed in June?
Kurt Kuehn: Not anything that we would consider to be statistically significant.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. And my second question, International package, can you talk to the new aircraft that you received. When do those aircraft go into service, just generally? And is that part of the improvement on the utilization on those new aircraft and routes? Is that part of the story of the op margin improvement at International Package in the second half of this year?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, absolutely. As we mentioned, we have added a number of planes, and it wasn't -- it's not just this year, we've certainly been taking a lot of 76s and the 747-400, which is the big workhorse for the long-distance flights. And so as we've added those, and there hasn't been any one specific date they've been added ratably over the course of the last year or so. We have -- but we've added significant amounts of capacity, and I guess, the one sequential story we have seen is in the last couple of months that clearly Asia has been slowing. China continues to move pretty strong, upper single digits, but Hong Kong, especially, has seen some headwinds. The comps are a little tougher, but we think still there's true sequential slowing there. And we've been effective with our Forwarding capabilities of keeping our aircraft pretty full. So if you look at the utilization reports, they're doing pretty well. But as we said, the revenue yield on those assets is lower at that rate. So as we continue to grow, and we did see 8% unit growth for package in the International, which is above any of our competitors, that revenue yield mix in our aircraft will improve. So that's the story of -- there's a little bit of a step function in this. And at least right now, we're kind of a point at which we've added a lot of capacity and we've got to maximize the yield in that over the next few quarters.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: I wanted to follow up on the LTL side. You called out a bit of moderation in July, is that beyond seasonal? Just typically, July should be a weaker month, and I was just curious if you're seeing something that's outside of what you'd normally expect?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we think a little more than seasonal. And I don't want to draw too sharp a point on it, but it does look as though things may have moderated a little bit coming into July.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, and around your commentary on peak season and looking out at the back half, curious to just get a little bit more color, what your customers are seeing from an inventory perspective. We've generally heard inventory to sale still feel pretty low. Obviously, that's kind of been consistent throughout this recovery, but would belie, as you said the potential for either ocean freight to pick up in a more normal seasonal time frame, where we see it kind of in the late summer into early fall, or as you said, the possibility of our Airfreight to really pick up. What are your customers telling you? And have they given you any indication of timing, or is your uncertainty based on a fact that they really haven't given you much of anything?
D. Davis: I think inventories just aren't tight. I think -- I don't think anybody is building inventories and back that same overused word of uncertainty. I think people, they are not quite sure of what's going to happen. They've been running on tight inventories. If we can get confidence up a little bit, you may see that rebuild starting. We've seen prior years where they went to the peak season with too low inventory levels and got stuck in the sales opportunities. So we'll watch, but I think the things we have to do in this country, the U.S. is starting with this -- get this debt ceiling resolved, and get some of these behind us, I think confidence will go up, and you'll see people starting to restock inventories.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: I couldn't agree with you more on the debt ceiling. Japan, curious, as auto production comes back in the back half of the year, you guys indicated that you're seeing that return a bit more than normal. How does that impact your business levels? I mean, where do see that the most? I'm assuming on the International air side, but if you could give us a sense of where we could see that impacting volumes in the back half of the year, obviously, predicated on the strength of any kind of auto recovery, but it would be helpful to get some color there.
D. Davis: I think the most dramatic impact on us what we saw in the last quarter and obviously next quarter is intra-Asia business, and we have a real strong intra-Asia business that certainly involves Japan. I think that got slowed down dramatically in the second quarter, and we expect that to pick up as we head into July and August, and we're seeing some pick-up there. So I think more dramatic on the intra-Asia for UPS.
Operator: Our next version will come from the line of Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: I'm just wondering if I can understand sort of the commentary in the third quarter. I think about this year as being a pretty big year for a rebound in pricing, given that we had a couple of rough years there. And yet, the fact that margins aren't likely to go up suggests that unit costs are also kind of rising in line with where the pricing per packages at least in the Domestic market. Am I missing a piece there? Or are we going to have an acceleration from here in pricing? Why wouldn't we be seeing pricing sort of trump everything at this point?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, I think in general, it is still. And if you look at the Q2 to Q3 trends rather than year-over-year, it depends how you frame this, you'll get a little better view. So no, we're continuing to see good results. Our unit cost is expected to continue to grow at a rate below our net yields. So we're not changing the whole story. We've got a blip here in Q3 that we talked to for the specific reasons of very sluggish growth and the tougher comps and some onetime events last year. So that's why we're confident we will show both margin expansion and profit expansion get back into Q4. So if you frame it as a quarter-over-quarter, it looks pretty smooth, the year-over-year, that's why We try to be very clear on it. So I wouldn't put too fine a point.
D. Davis: I don't think Q3 domestically is much over than Q2 internationally. And Q2 internationally, the trends didn't change. The comps were very difficult. I think we're seeing the same thing domestically, all that to expanding margins in the fourth quarter.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then if we look at the overall sort of guidance, you're sort of saying, "look we think things are slowing, but we'll still do our guidance." Does that suggest that we should be more aggressive here on buybacks? Or are you sort of looking at the balance sheet and saying, "no, we're comfortable with the rate that were sort of managing at, and we've got to save some dry powder in case there's opportunities." Or how do you want to think about the balance sheet?
Kurt Kuehn: We ratcheted up the buybacks a little bit in Q3. Clearly, if the market gives us an opportunity to buy back shares at a bargain, we've got tremendous amounts of cash. I mean, you can see on our balance sheet even with the fact that from early in the year we used $1.2 billion to accelerate the pension funding. We're building back up very large reserves of cash. So that's the great story here. We've significantly increased distributions to shareowners, and we meter that a little bit based on what's going on in the market, but we do intend to continue to purchase substantially and could accelerate it if need be.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kauffman of Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I want to follow up on the question John asked with respect to the post office. There is an announcement just yesterday that the post office was going to close about 3,600 locations. On one hand, you compete with them on a number of services. On the other hand, you utilize parts of their delivery network. If the post office were to close 3,600 locations, is this a net opportunity for you? Would it be kind of a net push with some offset? How do you think about that?
Kurt Kuehn: I think anytime a competitor pulls back capacity and access, it's an opportunity. So clearly, we will look at the gaps that are there, and we've got a wonderful footprint with the UPS Store and offering consumers and small businesses good access. So we'll look for opportunities where it makes sense. As Scott mentioned, the more dramatic their network changes, then the more opportunity. At the same time, we'll look for collaboration alternatives as the post office looks to outsource some parts of their network, maybe where they're not best-in-class, so it's a balancing of competing and cooperating.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc: I guess, maybe just a more general question on just your view on customer. Scott, you mentioned a couple times, kind of clearing up some of the situation in Washington may help the consumer sentiment perspective. I guess, do you get any sense from your customers that there is some pent-up demand that could start to be seen if we were to get a little bit more policy clarity going forward?
D. Davis: I think, clearly, there are -- we've seen the last year and a half, the small business has not participated in the recovery like multinationals, the big business, and I think that once they feel more comfortable with policies going forward, that you'll see them invest more money and hire more people. And we have to get unemployment rates down in this country to get consumer confidence up. So I think that nothing is more important right now than policy certainty for our small business customers.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, and I guess speaking financially from the company's perspective. Certainly, a stronger rebound in the middle market and mainstream would be very positive for us. It's a healthy environment whether there's a broad range of small and medium-sized businesses tendering volume to us. So as Scott mentioned, the largest driver of growth has been multinationals, which is great for filling up the network, but not necessarily as good for yields and margins.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc: Sure, so you could see some pick up on the domestic side, that would be my guess there. And then just one final follow-up. Just trying to understand the parsing out a little bit in the Asian market slowdown relative to what you're seeing in Japan. I know you've commented a couple of times on that. I'm just trying to get a sense of the kind of how much of the slowdown you see, maybe still be some lingering intra-Asia effects here or if it's kind of Domestic. Is it U.S., Asia or Europe-Asia type of volumes that you're seeing that sequential slowing?
D. Davis: I think in Asia. I mean, certainly China did some of themselves by tightening up reserves. I think they're trying to control inflation. So some of that impact was obviously physically driven. I think some of the impact is driven by lack of consumer confidence both in Europe and the United States. I think that what we're seeing here is a lack of consumer confidence, not buying goods. Imports were not very strong in the U.S. in the second quarter. So I think it's a combination of tightening in Europe, tightening in Asia and lack of consumer confidence both in the U.S. and Europe.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line Elliot Waller of Jefferies.
Elliott Waller - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: It's Elliot Waller on for Peter. Two quick questions. First, deferred area yields were especially strong, and it didn't look like there was any volume shift from Next Day Air or Ground. What do you think was happening there in terms of yield in deferred air, and was it expedited shipments from Asia or some other factor? And do you think these type of 8.7% yield improvements are sustainable?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, most of the -- typically the direct expedited shipments at Asia which show up in our International products. There's no real strong factor to call out on that. I mean, there's a little bit of moves both ways. We have had success in our revenue management impacts. We do see the market very stable on that area. So I wouldn't -- there's not a real strong point either way, but we do feel confident that these yield management trends would continue. So you may see blips a little bit, plus or minus, product-to-product. But in general, we do feel very confident that the strength of revenue management is holding up even with a sluggish economy and that we're going to continue to execute.
Elliott Waller - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, good. And second, how much of a drag do you estimate fuel was for the overall quarter. I know you talked about certain segments on company-wide. And then also, what do you expect in 3Q? Has the surcharge caught up at this point?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, it should. Assuming that things stay relatively flat within the range of plus or minus $5 or so, we're probably in good shape. Our guidance assumes upper 90s for fuel. So it should be less of a story. Overall, though, because fuel kind of broke in the middle of May, I guess, and then dropped for Domestic the lag was not material. Although there was a modest headwind on the International side.
Operator: And due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of David Ross of Stifel, Nicolaus.
David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Real quick on the air and ocean buy rates, you mentioned the Forwarding business benefited from better buy rates in the quarter. Can you just give a little more color around what you're seeing from the International air cargo markets, ocean markets? Is one market looser than the other? And are there specific lanes on which there is specifically good pricing for the forwarders?
Kurt Kuehn: I think, certainly, ocean right now is under a lot of pressure with the peak not showing up, and there's plenty of anecdotes outside of our own experience. So we do see quite a bit of capacity. There have been a number of providers that have added capacity. And at least right now, as Scott mentioned, imports into the U.S. are not super strong. Air is much more lane-specific, but in general, it's a little softer just because the level of activity is down. So these things can change, but at least right now, those are the trends we're seeing.  So we are going to wrap this up pretty soon. In some ways, this call has been as much about the economy as it has UPS. I guess, at least from my perspective on this, the economy will come and go, the cycles will come and go, and clearly, it's impacted our guidance. But the performance of the company is continuing well, and if there's anything you're guys invest in with us, it's adapting to multiple cycles. So we did feel it's important to be clear on these economic trends, but I just still want to focus you back that, that's not all that UPS is about. So Scott?
Andy Dolny: We're going to go to Scott for some final comments.
D. Davis: Okay, we reported put it strong numbers for the second quarter. UPS like others have made difficult decisions over the last few years. To get leaner and more customer focus, and clearly, we're benefiting from those decisions. Unfortunately, as Kurt said, U.S. economy has not been recovering as quickly as most expected. Grid-locking on Asia's capital clearly is not helping this cause. We need the leadership in Washington to step up and solve the debt ceiling stalemate, approve the free trade agreements and eliminate the uncertainty that's causing many companies to put their plans on hold. As for UPS, I assure you that we're focused on providing superior service to our customers and great returns to our shareholders. Thanks for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to seeing you all in Louisville in September. Thanks so much.
Andy Dolny: That concludes our call. Thanks for joining us today.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: D. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations Kurt Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: David Ross Jeffrey Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Mark McVicar - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Robin Byde - HSBC Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns Scott Flower - Macquarie Research Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'm here this morning with Scott Davis, our CEO; and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO to discuss the company's results for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2011. Before they begin, however, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2010 Form 10-K report. This report is available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's call is being webcast, and will also be available on the UPS Investor Relations website. I want to remind you of 3 adjustments we recorded in the first quarter of last year. These charges related to the U.S. Domestic segment reorganization, the change of tax filing status of a German subsidiary and the loss on sale of a Supply Chain business. They reduced net income by $175 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.18.  In the remarks today, Scott and Kurt will refer to UPS's first quarter 2010 (sic) [2011] results excluding the impact of these items. We believe this is the most accurate picture of the company's performance. Reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures and free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, are explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release. These schedules are also available on the UPS Investor Relations website in the financial section. Now to begin our review, I'll turn the program over to Scott.
D. Davis: Good morning, everyone. UPS had great results this quarter, continuing the momentum we had in 2010. Earnings climbed 24% on 7% revenue growth despite the obstacles we faced like unrest in North Africa and the Middle East, skyrocketing fuel costs and some of the worst weather conditions in years. So far, the global economic recovery has been resilient, yet, the risks are a little greater than they were 3 months ago. Consensus forecasts have come down slightly, as 2011 GDP growth for the U.S. is now expected to be 2.9% and global GDP is forecast to be 3.5%. Employment has begun to show signs of improvement. Here in the U.S., unemployment dipped below 9% for the first time in almost two years, further evidence that the recovery continues.  Obviously, everyone is aware of the tragic events in Japan. UPS is one of the first to support the humanitarian efforts there, working closely with the relief agency partners in Asia.  UPS pledged $1 million in relief aid and has been assisting with logistics support. We have delivered many containers and truck loads of emergency supplies and equipment throughout Japan. Some of these important deliveries include emergency shelters, generators, survival kits and food supplies. UPS will continue to look for other opportunities to help the victims. While the immediate impact on the global economy and UPS is not expected to be substantial, the medium-term implications on global supply chains are still not clear.  Here in the U.S., it is important for us to demonstrate economic leadership and increased promotion of free trade. Expectations of the Congress will soon address pending free trade legislation that is critical to grow U.S. exports and to create new jobs.  The South Korean free trade agreement, that President Obama endorsed back in December, has not yet passed. This critical piece of legislation is needed to further our progress, of meeting the export council's goal of doubling U.S. exports in the next 5 years. Other important trade agreements like those with Colombia and Panama are still in the approval process. UPS stands ready to facilitate the growth of trade between countries once these agreements are finalized. I would like to see Colombia and Panama approved as soon as possible, however, I personally disagree with holding up the Korean agreement while waiting for approval of these other 2 FTAs. During the quarter, UPS continued to be active in expanding our capabilities to serve the economies of the world. For instance, UPS launched 4 direct flights from Hong Kong to Europe, making us the clear leader in guaranteed next-day delivery for this important trade lane.  We announced more inter-Asia flights from Tokyo to key hubs in Taipei and Guangzhou, exhibiting our commitment to Japan, and UPS formed a new strategic alliance in Colombia that will provide increased access for customers to our superior global network.  Earlier this month, we hosted President Obama at our Landover, Maryland facility where he announced the National Clean Fleets Partnership and made us a charter member. The UPS rolling laboratory of alternative fuel vehicles was on display for the President and his team. With one of the largest alternative fuel fleets in operation today, we are uniquely qualified to discuss issues facing companies as they evaluate their options.  In fact in February, we celebrated a milestone when UPS green fleet surpassed 200 million miles of service. Just recently, UPS was acknowledged as a industry leader by FORTUNE Magazine when they once again identified us as the World's Most Admired company in the delivery industry. UPS is rated #1 in 8 of the 9 attributes used for ranking. Some of the key attributes were quality of management, innovation, long-term investment and quality of products and services.  In addition, as reported by Forbes, the Reputation Institute recognized UPS as #1 in the transportation industry and #6 overall on its list of America's Most Reputable Big Companies. We will continue to operate in a way that builds both our economic performance and corporate reputation. All in all, it was another successful quarter for the UPS team. We've continued to produce the best results in the industry. Our focus on quality of revenue and the value of our integrated network ensures that we continue to be the best. Our innovative solutions, superior technology and efficient use of capital have UPS poised for strong growth well into the future.  Now let me turn it over to Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn: Well thanks, Scott. And good morning, everyone. The UPS earnings growth story continues. Operating profit for the quarter increased $248 million, and margins expanded by 130 basis points to 11.3%.  UPS benefited from our superior products and our flexible integrated network. The negative effects of escalating fuel prices and difficult weather were more than offset by great execution from UPSers all around the world.  Now let's review how the segments performed this quarter, starting with the U.S. Domestic Package business. Operating profit jumped 29% on over 6% revenue gains. These results were driven by yield improvements and increased network efficiency. Operating margin expanded by 200 basis points. Revenue per piece grew 5% with the biggest driver being increases in base rates, as we get our prices back in line with the value we provide.  Higher fuel surcharges and package characteristics also contributed to the yield improvement. We are executing our strategy on focusing on the quality of revenue. The key objective of this strategy is to ensure that we are properly compensated for the value we provide customers. And this is paying off as evidenced by our strong yield gains. Once again, we did a great job controlling costs in the quarter. Operating efficiency improved substantially, as direct labor hours were down 3% and miles driven down 2%. This is phenomenal considering the challenging conditions we faced during the quarter. U.S. Domestic volume growth was relatively flat to last year. Clearly, this was negatively impacted by severe weather, a softer economy and the timing of Easter.  In 2010, the holiday buildup occurred in March, while this year, it's occurring in April. We estimate that the combination of weather and the Easter calendar had a negative impact on average daily volume of about 2% for the quarter. While overall, our Next Day Air was up about 1%, Next Day Package volume grew at mid-single-digit rate, reflecting our focus on the quality of revenue.  During the quarter, UPS made a substantial commitment to expand our fleet of Liquefied Natural Gas tractors. Later this year, the 48 new LNG tractors will join our fleet of almost 2,000 alternative fuel vehicles. We're encouraged by the ability of this technology to offer an alternative to diesel fuel for large over-the-road vehicles. Now let's turn to the International segment. Revenue increased 10% with a solid operating margin of 15.4%. The operating profit of $446 million is the best first quarter result in UPS history. Although year-over-year earnings growth did slope to 4.4%.  Clearly, the rapid increase in fuel cost had a negative impact. As we stated during our last call, the first quarter of 2010 benefited from our euro hedging program. This negatively affected the year-over-year comparisons by about $30 million. Average daily export volume increased over 7%, outpacing the market. We continue to see strong export growth in Europe to all regions of the world, as customers there recognize the benefits of the UPS value proposition. International Package yields grew 4.5% on a currency-neutral basis, driven by higher rates, fuel surcharge increases and product mix.  UPS was active during the quarter, adding capacity to our Asian Air network. In addition to the direct flights from Hong Kong to Cologne and the new routes from Japan that Scott mentioned earlier, we also upsized our capacity serving the import in South Korea to U.S. trade lane, with the addition of a 767 flying in and out of Incheon.  Further emphasizing the breadth of solutions we provide, in March, UPS opened the 2012 Olympic Games Logistics Center in England. This is an important milestone that will allow UPS to deliver the games. We are responsible for virtually all distribution and logistic services for the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games. Now for the Supply Chain and Trade segment, which continues to produce strong results. Operating profits climbed 44% on revenue growth of 7.6%, driven primarily by improvements in UPS Freight and the Forwarding business unit. Operating margin increased 150 basis points to 6.1%.  In the Forwarding unit, operating margin improved significantly, as capacity in the market expanded and buy rates came down. Top line growth moderated somewhat, as we focused on revenue management initiatives implemented last year. UPS Freight revenue climbed 23%, continuing the strong rebound that started last year. LTL shipments improved 10%, and weight per shipment was up 2%.  LTL revenue per hundredweight was up more than 8% and continues to be 1 of the best in the industry. Operating results improved on a year-over-year basis despite challenging weather conditions.  During the quarter, UPS announced the expansion of our express air freight services to customers in Israel and Slovakia. These developing countries are becoming important hubs for automotive, technology and other manufacturing industries. We also expanded our preferred less-than-container-load Ocean Freight service in Asia. More customers can now benefit from this unique expedited service that improves Ocean Freight delivery times to the U.S. by up to 40%. Now let's look at one of the hallmarks of UPS, our ability to generate cash. Free cash flow for the period was $900 million in spite of $1.2 billion in accelerated pension contributions made early in the quarter. Capital expenditures were $400 million.  With respect to distributions to share owners, we paid $500 million in dividends, reflecting a 10.6% increase per share announced during the quarter, continuing the UPS tradition of more than 4 decades of raising or maintaining our dividend. The company also spent $500 million to repurchase approximately 6.8 million shares. Regarding our outlook for the rest of 2011, the global economic outlook has become a little cloudier than it was 3 months ago. However, we still expect 2011 to be a great year with record earnings per share for UPS. In fact, our confidence has increased, and we are raising guidance for 2011 to a range of $4.15 to $4.40 per share, representing a 17% to 24% improvement over last year.  In the U.S. Domestic segment, we expect average daily volume to increase approximately 2% for the second quarter with continued strengthening in the second half of 2011. For the full year, Next Day Air and Ground are expected to grow at a similar pace. Yields will remain strong, as we continue to focus on the quality of revenue. And operating profit growth is expected to exceed 20% for the year, up from our previous guidance.  For the International segment, both revenue and operating profit are expected to grow approximately 10%. Full year operating margins are expected to be similar to 2010. Year-over-year comparisons in the second quarter will be especially difficult, as a result of headwinds created by our euro hedging programs, we estimate the impact to be approximately $40 million. Our Supply Chain and Freight segment is expected to produce mid to high single-digit revenue growth with continued margin expansion, driven primarily by UPS Freight. So in conclusion, UPS is off to a good start, performing well in the face of challenging conditions. We are executing our strategy of focusing on the quality of revenue, providing the best service and offering the most comprehensive set of solutions to our customers.  The UPS integrated global network is operating with incredible flexibility and efficiency. We are confident in our ability to meet customer needs and excited about the results that UPS share owners will see in the future.  Well, thanks for your attention. And now Scott and I would be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Mr. Gary Chase of Barclays Capital.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: I wanted to see, Kurt, if I could ask you to follow up a little bit on some of the volume commentary. I know you noted what you expected was a 2% impact for eastern weather. Even if I adjust that away, still don't seemingly have a lot of volume growth relative to what we're seeing, say, in industrial production and some of these other drivers. Is that the impact of these pricing initiatives? Is it de-marketing of some business that you know -- you just don't think is compensatory? What other color can you provide there?
Kurt Kuehn: No, we don't think there's a big impact of our yields focus. We have seen a little bit of a differential though in the growth, certainly, at the heavy freight end of the market from the small package. As we look at some of the statistics, industrial production is showing strength, but the majority of the strength in industrial production is coming from some of the heavier industry side, metals and some of those things that don't necessarily impact small package. So we do think that the Q1 was a little -- the economy was a little softer than we'd anticipated. I know some of the quarter-to-quarter numbers are now coming in at estimated 1.9%. But we see this really as a transitory, we think over time small package, the growth will ripple into there and that the freight is more of a leading indicator.
D. Davis: And Gary, during the recession, the IP numbers were down a lot more than the small package market volume was. So I think part of this recovery too is kind of distorted those correlations.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then just as a quick follow-up to that, you guys have always talked about the leverage you have in the labor contract as it relates to volume. Do we need a lot of growth in order to recognize that? Are we reaching a stage where maybe attrition will allow you a little bit of leverage there?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, I think we're seeing pretty good leverage right now, even with the headwinds we had and some of the most extraordinary weather in the first quarter. We did a great job of expanding domestic margins, and comp and benefit adjusted were up just slightly more than volume rates. So we think that the operating efficiency, the operational technology that's kicking in is showing substantial benefits. So I think we're seeing these benefits even without the tailwind of significant benefit of wage moderations. So still more to come as growth continues.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you, Scott, Kurt and Andy. Scott, are you guys seeing customers move up and down the supply chain with the volatility in oil prices?
D. Davis: I think not as much as we would have seen the last time through in 2008. I think one, we've adjusted our surcharge index where the difference between Air and Ground is not as dramatic as it was in the past. And then what you saw the first quarter actually was better performance in the premium products internationally and better performance on Next Day Package domestically, so we're not seeing it at this point in time.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Kurt Kuehn: That's been a big priority for us following the spike in fuel in 2008 to revisit the structure of our fuel surcharges. And in general, the surcharges are lower because we have continued to move some of that rate into the core rates. And then, as Scott said, we've narrowed the gap so that we don't think the risk of trade down will be as great.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great, thank you. And Kurt, as a follow-up, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that miles driven being down in the quarter. But as volumes pick up this year, do you anticipate this increasing? Or given the initiatives that you have in place, can you keep miles driven, say, flat?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, it really depends how great the growth is. I mean, we'd love to see an increase in miles driven by a robust economy and significant increases. We are confident that our miles will continue to grow at a much lower rate than our volume and growth and stops. The operational technology we put in to optimize and the focus on reducing fuel consumption is paying some real dividends.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks so much for your time this morning.
Operator: Our next person comes from the line of Mr. Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Trahan.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Just back at the volumes domestically, did I hear you right, Kurt, the guidance was 2% for second quarter for domestic volumes and better than that in third and fourth? And if that's the case, and you're down a little bit this quarter and a couple points for weather you're saying, were March and April better? Is that what's giving you the confidence to go from minus to positive 2%? And if so, kind of what were March and April?
Kurt Kuehn: March was not really better, Ed, because of the Easter lag. The buildup in the Easter comes several weeks before Easter. This year, with a late Easter, that's really moved over into April, and so we are seeing the typical seasonal buildup into April. So we don't see the core economic growth picking up dramatically, slightly better than for Q1. But the noise of the unprecedented weather, really, all 3 months, saw a significant weather headwinds, and the calendar impact and the little slower economy. As we factor through all those, we're pretty confident that the core growth rate coming into Q2 should be about 2%.
D. Davis: And April thoroughly is performing better than we saw in the first 3 months.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Can you give some number to that?
Kurt Kuehn: I think it's tough, Ed, right now because of the Good Friday and Easter Monday comparisons. Certainly, the first 2 weeks were quite strong last week compared against Good Friday, down a little bit. But we'll see a, certainly, a better April than we saw in the first 3 months.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Okay, and as a follow-up, with the domestic volume not there, you were still able to show the leverage and grow the domestic margin. Can you talk a little bit about what some of those levers are? Is it time and hiring people that's letting you leverage the underlying contract a little bit? Is it something else? Where are you seeing this leverage and what does 2% mean to that leverage relative to 0.6%?
D. Davis: The leverage is really coming from 2 components. Number 1 is the top line leverage, where as I said, one of our top priorities is making sure that we get pricing back to the levels that compensate us for the value we've created. And so the relatively firm stance on pricing and extracting the value that is there is a big driver of that. And at the same time, we are seeing the benefits of the deep investments we've made in operational technology. And we'll show a lot more of that at our Investor conference in September to give you guys a little more understanding of the multiple areas that we're streamlining to network. So -- and all of that is without significant benefits of growth, which will help us both on scale densities and also the moderating the wage increases.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I just wanted to follow up on Ed's question there a little bit in terms of talking about the yields and the price increases. Obviously, you're doing a great job there, and it's a big priority. But how easy is it to get the customer acceptance with fuel surcharges rising so rapidly? I know a little bit more of that's in the base, but how are you kind of thinking about that and what's the customer acceptance there?
Kurt Kuehn: I think so far, at least, the customer pushback has been minimal because certainly the levels are below some of the peaks that we saw. So, so far, not too much disruption on that front, but we have gone back in and worked with customers actively to see how we can realign their supply chains to minimize the impact of that. But so far, we haven't seen a significant impact of people really going back and revisiting their blend of premium and standard products.
D. Davis: The real concern for us is how long and how high energy prices go because that will probably impact the economy more. I think the rule of thumb for economists are that if oil prices go up $10 a barrel, it's going to knock down GDP about 0.02% in the year 1, about 0.5% in year 2. We've seen about $30 run in crude oil, so that could certainly have an impact in 2012, knock out about half the growth. So that's our concern, how high the prices go and how long.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Fair enough. And then, in terms of -- we talked a little bit about domestic maybe being just a little bit slower, how are you feeling on the International side in terms of the volume trends there and kind of going forward?
Kurt Kuehn: We were clearly thrilled by a continued very strong growth, 7% unit growth in our export volumes. Europe continues to outperform even with continued sluggish economy in Europe. So we feel very good that the International business is continuing to move forward. The comparisons to last year were a little tougher, as we said, because of some very beneficial hedging we had in 2010. But global trade continues to move along fairly strong, as Scott mentioned, in his prepared comments, not too much disruption yet on the Japan side, but UPS story continues to be great.
D. Davis: Yes, I think the global GDP numbers have maybe come down a tick from what we looked at 3 months ago. And that's pretty impressive when you consider what was now 3 months ago was the Japan situation, clearly, the problems in the Mideast and North Africa, the impact on energy prices, I think overall we've seen the global GDP drop from 3.7% to 3.5%, that's pretty encouraging really as we move forward. Europe actually has got a little bit better in that time frame, it's up 0.02%, the expectation for the rest of the year. So we feel it's a resilient economy, and we'll seek strong global trade throughout this year.
Kurt Kuehn: And I think one of the things we're doing is we are continuing to reinvest in that. With the announcement of the direct flight of Hong Kong into Europe. You connect those flights into our -- all points hub in Cologne, and we can have guaranteed service to 34 countries within Europe next day. So we're leveraging that deep integrated network we have in Europe and connecting that to Asia.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Great. Thanks for the time, and thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Malat of Goldman Sachs.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks. For domestic yields, can you just help us think about the positive impact of the dimensional weight changes, what you're seeing there? And then, anything you could tell us about weight changes, in general, will be helpful.
Kurt Kuehn: In general, weight is fairly stable, maybe up just a little bit, and that's typical with a recovery. It hasn't been perhaps as rapid as some other recoveries but neither has the absolute economic growth. The dim weight is just a part of our annual recalibration of the appropriate pricing, and it just more strongly focuses on those high cube packages that eat up a lot of space in our vehicles. So it is a contributor but certainly not material. I mean, the base rates, the fuel surcharge and some of the characteristics mixes are all a bigger impact in the dim weight in and of itself.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Thanks, that's helpful. Then just following up on a question from before, can you talk about what percentage of drivers are on the highest paid tier, remind us what kind of typical averages are? Just help us think through the mix right now of your drivers. And then, can you talk about the timing seasonality of turnover? Do you get more turnover in 2Q than the rest of the year?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. No, we remain at a very high percentage, over 90% of our drivers are at the full senior rate. And as we continue to streamline the network and reduce our direct hours, there's not as much mix of new employees in. So that's still a latent opportunity for us as we show stronger growth and the economy continues to expand. But we did not get any benefit from that in Q1.
Mark McVicar - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: So over 90% and normalized levels are low 80s, 82%?
Kurt Kuehn: Something like that, yes. It differs based on the velocity of growth and the seniority of our employees.
D. Davis: This is as high as we can ever remember it.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next version will come from the line of Mr. Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great. Just sticking on that same theme, Scott and Kurt. It looks like your comp costs were up 1% year-over-year, obviously, well below your revenue growth and obviously great move there and part of the margin gains. But can you talk about -- is that kind of the contribution toward the pension you've made? What is driving that spike increase?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, we did have a few cost headwinds into the year that we talked about in our guidance. So our pension expense was up substantially. We reinstated the employee match for the 401(k). At the same time, with -- we were able to limit our unit costs as it were across the whole company to less than 1%. So we feel very good about the trends in our comp and our productivity.
D. Davis: Yes, I think, Ken, it's just improved productivity. And we're continuing to invest in technology in that arena and will spend some time in the investor conference in September to walk through some of these, but there's more to be had there also.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: So are we seeing actual employment numbers come down, aside from the driver numbers Scott was just talking about? Are we seeing -- is this increased productivity that gets rid of -- are you looking at employee numbers coming down on that?
Kurt Kuehn: Up dramatically. I mean, with the -- it depends on the growth, certainly, if the U.S. economy stagnates, then there may be some reductions as we improve productivity. But with modest growth, we can basically offset the need to increase employees.
D. Davis: Ken, we're so flexible. That answer is different everyday based on package volume that we see coming in.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great, and if I can get my follow-up on the Forwarding business. It looks like, again, you had, I guess, growth slowed there, down 3% from kind of mid-teens the last couple of quarters. Is there anything going on in the freight side, just trying to find something else because on the core side, you did such a great job on the margin gain.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. No, we've been -- we've -- actually, we're very pleased with our overall supply chain and freight performance with over 40% profit improvement. I did mention that in the Forwarding, we have been clearly going back and focusing on revenue management. Margins improved substantially. The other thing that's in that Forwarding and Logistics line is there is some headwind because we were overlapping the disposition of 2 businesses that were in that space. One, a small German Supply Chain business that we liquidated last year. And then late last year, we did sell our Logistics technology business, so there is a bit of a revenue headwind on that front that took the core Logistics growth down from solid mid-single-digits to just slightly increasing. So that distorts the numbers a little bit.
D. Davis: In air freight, in the first quarter last year, if you remember, it was extremely strong as there was still a capacity shortage out there. Rates were high and strong. This year, pretty slow February out of Asia, particularly with the Chinese New Year and people coming back to work late.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So your Domestic Package margin performance was very good in the quarter. I guess, if you look at it from an incremental margin perspective, it looks like about 43%, which is a pretty strong incremental margin performance. When you look at second quarter, do you think that, that can actually get better because first quarter, clearly, you didn't -- you had the weather and fuel lag impacts and volume is not quite as good. So I guess, if you can just offer thoughts of, can you do even better looking forward because it would seem that, that be kind of a natural conclusion, given the headwinds in first quarter? Thanks.
Kurt Kuehn: Tom, I guess I won't get into the details on incremental margins. There's a lot of moving parts there. Some is driven by total revenue, some is driven by yield and some by productivity. But we certainly feel that Q2 will be a better quarter than Q1. A, seasonally, it's usually stronger. And B, once again, we had some extraordinary headwinds in Q1. For those of you that live in New York know the kind of weather that we faced. Our small package operation because of the flexible network was able to adapt. We did see a little more headwind in the freight. But assuming that we don't get snow in May in Manhattan, we think we'll be in much better shape on the domestic side. And that's really the domestic outlook that was the driver of our guidance increase that we gave this quarter.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then in terms of a follow-up, you were asked earlier about just the broad approach on pricing. Do you think there is a significant difference in the sales force this year versus what you would have been this time last year in terms of how they're approaching the market, and that, that is playing some role in terms of realizing more price and a little less volume?
Kurt Kuehn: Tom, we are placing a slightly stronger focus on yield as opposed to just pure growth for its own sake. So it's possible at the increment that there's some reduction in volumes. Although we're not explicitly deciding to slow the growth down, so we feel pretty good that we're finding a good balance. As I said, Q1 was a very noisy quarter with calendar issues, with fuel, with the economy slowing and with weather. So I wouldn't read too much into the Q1 results. We think we'll get back on a reasonable growth trend, and that's encompassed in our guidance. But we did say over a year ago that 1 of our priorities is making sure that UPS gets compensated for the value that it creates. And we feel good that we're on track for that.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Great. Well, good, good quarter, and thanks for the time.
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jon Langenfeld of Robert W. Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: On the international side, can you talk about how pricing, general pricing trends in the trans-Pacific, transatlantic and intra-Europe?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, pricing has remained pretty positive, and you'll see that if you look at our currency adjusted results, John, that they've actually strengthened. So we do feel pretty good that it's a very stable environment. Certainly, there's no one consistent message for each market. Asia can be a little more volatile because of the big swings in capacity and growth, but we are very focused just as we are in the U.S. on making sure that we're pricing to value. And then for UPS, that unique value proposition is extremely strong, with us really being the only -- one of our major competitors that has a very strong balance position in Asia, in Europe and in the U.S., with the incredible capabilities we have within Europe, with our linkage of Asia to Europe next day, all of those things just continue to give our sales people a very strong value proposition. And on top of that, this ability to align our supply chain and trade capabilities with the small package solution makes it so that we really don't have to get aggressive on price to continue to grow reasonably.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, good. And then same question, in the Domestic business, Kurt, you've talked about the small and midsized shipper being a hollow recovery and not seeing as much there. Can you comment on any recent trends there, and how that segment looks?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, John, that is one of the kind of the side stories in the domestic economy that we have seen that large global companies have bounced back more quickly. And certainly, that's the story in the U.S. where our big accounts and our accounts that have a global footprint have seen more growth. And that Main Street has been lagging some of these global companies. Liquidity hasn't been available, in that the recovery has, to some extent, been delayed in the middle market. So that trend has continued. We do see higher growth in our global companies than we do in our small and medium-sized ones. We think frankly, that could be a tailwind going forward as that part of the economy picks up more.
D. Davis: John, I think I'm optimistic you'll see a pickup later this year in that group. I think clearly the credit availability has improved dramatically from where it was 12 months ago, for the SMEs. That will help an awful lot. We're also working hard to get some of these free trade agreements done to help get the SMEs into the exporting part of the business because that's where the future is for them. And you heard many times, 95% of the consumers are outside of the U.S. We have to get small and medium-sized enterprises to export.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeff Kaufman of Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Thank you very much. 2 questions, you spoke a little bit about the heavy versus light and the small shipper versus global shipper notice you had seen. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more geographic color. We've been hearing a theme across a lot of companies that kind of the, the middle of the country and the farm belt was a relatively stronger economy than on the coast, could you give us a view either geographically or industry-wide of where you're seeing some changes?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Jeff, there's not huge differences. Although I think your pickup on the Midwest, certainly, with some of the manufacturing rebound and some of the commodity and early products and supply chain booming that we are seeing some firmness there. Although, clearly, the automotive group has recovered substantially versus where it was at a year ago. So I think on a year-over-year basis, we're seeing some pockets of strength centered around some of those specific industries.
D. Davis: From a sector perspective, Jeff, and for us, it seems like we still saw in the first quarter the major growth in the retail, on the technology side. As Kurt said, we are seeing sequential strengthening in the manufacturing of wholesale durables as we've moved through the quarter. So it's looking a little bit better as we move forward.
Jeffrey Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay, thank you. And the follow-up, you made a comment on the freight forwarding side that I thought was interesting is that you were able basically to purchase your capacity at better rates, which would seem to fly in the face of we've got great strength in the international markets. Is it more on the Ocean side, is it more on the custom side, or is it just that you are able to fully pass on price increases to customers?
Kurt Kuehn: No, it's more on the Air side. And we think one of the real opportunities, Jeff, for us is to take advantage of this very unique business model we have where we are both an airline and a very large freight forwarder. And 1 of our top priorities over the last 6 to 9 months has been really perfecting our buy rate capabilities and knowing when to use our network and when to buy capacity. So with the softness in Asia, especially because of the Chinese New Year, there were some opportunities to do some spot buys at attractive rates. So if you're opportunistic and you've got comprehensive systems and you can look at alternative ways to get goods to move, there's some real opportunities to get good margins.
Jeffrey Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: I just had a couple of quick data questions. The first was, Kurt, could you just talk a little bit about the size of your B2C business now and the growth rate in the first quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, B2C remains, Bill, a little bit over 1/3 of our volume. And it certainly was stronger in the first quarter.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Stronger than B2B?
Kurt Kuehn: Stronger than B2B, yes. The B2C growth continues to be stronger, certainly, especially at the lighter end of the market where there is a lot of focus.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, the follow-up question here is just on the buybacks, I guess, given how good the first quarter cash flows were and how well you actually did in 2009, I realize there's uncertainty in the world, but I would think that your buyback could be a lot more aggressive. And I'm just kind of curious what holds you back.
D. Davis: Well, we guided to a fairly substantial increase, up $2 billion for the year. We increased the dividend almost 11%. Having said that, Bill, I think you're correct that the cash flow outlook is strong even with all of those distributions. Our forecasts are for an increase in cash balance, and we'll continue to look at that. But right now, we're executing around what we guided, and we did purchase about 25% of the annual amount. We do some of it. We're doing systematically and some opportunistically, and we'll continue that way. So...
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Yes. No, but you're raised your earning guidance, so I thought maybe you'd raise this as well.
Kurt Kuehn: Well, we'll see. We'll see.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Campbell of Thompson Davis.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co: It's Thompson Davis & Company, and thank you very much. I heard your kind of favorable comments about Forwarding and the Supply Chain Solutions divisional profits, but assuming that the Freight division sort of broke even versus a loss a year ago, there wasn't a lot of growth in earnings in the Supply Chain business. What happened there?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, I don't think that's true. No. We saw significant improvements in both fronts. Our Forwarding group increased, and we did see good improvements in our Freight. David, you're correct. The UPS Freight segment, overall, was approximately breakeven, did had a real great March, which had a little better weather, but the flexibly of the LTL isn't as much as package. So we did see some headwinds in January and February. But overall, the segment's up 44%, and our Forwarding unit did see substantial improvements in margins versus last year.
D. Davis: The LTL margins didn't lose $40 million last year's first quarter. It's much less than that.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co: Okay. So you're optimistic about that forwarding operations in the second quarter?
D. Davis: Yes, we are. We think we've got the global network put together. We're continuing to enhance our forwarding capabilities. We're expanding cold chain capabilities as we target the healthcare market, and there's clearly a lot of opportunity for high-quality forwarding with temperature control capabilities. So there's a lot of ways we think we can continue to differentiate our forwarding capabilities across the globe.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Ross of Stifel, Nicolaus.
David Ross: First question is on the other operating expenses. Outside of fuel, which we know why that was up more than rest of -- repairs and maintenance was up significantly more than the others, is there any weather impact in the repairs and maintenance line, or is that because the fleet is getting a little bit older, you kind of due for some normal maintenance checks?
D. Davis: I think it is not atypical for us to see repair and maintenance jump in a quarter or 2, and this has primarily driven the, I think, engines and airplanes with maintenance there. Now that will vary by quarter based on timing of C checks and those type of things. So nothing out of line there.
David Ross: Okay. And then, if you look at the UPS Freight segments with yields up high single digits, can you give us a little bit of a breakdown in terms of how much of that was maybe fuel surcharge, how much is mix-related, and how much pure pricing is going up right now in the LTL market for you guys?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. Fuel was a little more than half of the 8.5% revenue per hundredweight. So we still had very good solid base rate improvements. And so we think we're striking a real good balance of steady, prudent growth, and also very firm yields. So we're pleased with the progress we're making. We continue to show great results in broadening our market share, especially in the middle market. And aligning our capabilities, so customers can move back and forth between freight and small package.
David Ross: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Matt Brooklier of Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Thanks. We heard your comments regarding weather's impact on volume, 2 percentage points at domestic packages. Is there any way to quantify the incremental cost you guys saw during the quarter from weather?
D. Davis: That was the weather and the timing of Easter.
Kurt Kuehn: No, we really haven't broken out the cost. It was -- although, certainly, there was some, as I said, probably the net operational impact was greater in freight than in package. Our package network is highly flexible, but we did see demand impact. And our sense is that we'll ripple through into Q1 GDP estimates or that, that will be coming out shortly. So it was a headwind for cost, but it was a balanced mix of both the revenue reduction and some additional increase in expense.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. When we got your guide for '11 at Supply Chain and Freight, all in, with respect to the revenue growth, any chance you want to provide some color on the out margins at that division in '11?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, we do think it will continue to show moderate improvements in margins. And we feel pretty good about the progress on that. Clearly, we're not going to show 44% improvements every quarter. The comps to last year were a little easier. Frankly, this quarter, they'll be a little tougher in the second quarter. But we think, in general, we're going to see good solid upper single-digit revenue growth and margin expansion.
D. Davis: And KL is normally stronger in Q2 and Q3, which will help us.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Right. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc: Okay, thanks. You guys have commented a couple of times on trends in Asia. I just wonder if you could develop or build on that a little bit. Just kind of what you have seen, particularly in March and April, as we came out of the Chinese New Year holiday and if we've seen strengthening in that region.
D. Davis: I think we are seeing strengthening. And I think, January and February started off a little bit slow due to the factory closure in China. But I think, March has strengthened, April is staying strong. The unknown right now obviously is the impact to supply chain from Japan. Right now, it's not had a big impact to our volume and revenue numbers. But as we go forward, that could be a bigger impact, overall, for the economy. I heard a lot of things yesterday, I think Johnson Controls mentioned that big reduction in parts and imports for them from Japan going forward. So I think, clearly, you're going to see an impact on the automotive sector. The technology is unknown at this point in time. It's really hard to see. There's lots of rumors of parts shortages. At UPS, we're big a procurer of technology. We have not seen shortages at this point in time. So it could have an impact, but overall, we're seeing a pretty good strength out of Asia and global trade should stay strong.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And just on the back of that, when you think about your guidance for the full year, marrying in the price of fuel and what we're seeing out of Asia, I'm guessing, could you just give a little bit of color of what your -- underlying assumptions there, particularly as it relates to fuel? And then what we're seeing, I guess, as Japan, have you included anything in your forecast as you look forward, I know you mentioned domestic is a bit of the driver for the increase going forward?
Kurt Kuehn: No, we really have not factored in an explicit Japan impact. We've looked at that and you can come up with numerous positives and negatives. I mean, we have seen some customers reaching out to us to help them relocate their distribution capabilities. So depending on how it ripples through the supply chain, there may be movement from Ocean to Air. Certainly, there's going to be some demand disruption. So with the Japan factor, we've really not explicitly quantified. We have estimated fuel to be somewhere $105, maybe a little more than that for the year. So there's maybe a little exposure there. But remember, that the big issue for us on fuel is rapid change. So when it moves rapidly, as it has this year, we do suffer a 2-month lag. And certainly April has a headwind because we're overlapping February, and then early March's increase. But if that's stabilizes, even at its current level, then there shouldn't be too much downside risk.
D. Davis: And we have factored in, as our GDP baseline we've knocked it down a couple tenths of a point, primarily due to fuel. As we said before, the fuel's running about $105, $110 a barrel, we'll probably have a couple tenths impact in the overall global and U.S. GDP this year.
Chris Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc: Okay, great. That's helpful, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rob Byde of HSBC.
Robin Byde - HSBC: Just a question on the expansion of your Asia Europe Air bridge. Can you say a bit more about the reasons for expanding at this time? For example, has there been a particular shifting capacity put on by T&T, DHL or another competitor? And then, just to sort of follow-up, can you give us a bit more color on the mix between heavier freight and parcel? So is this additional activity more freight forwarding than parcels?
Kurt Kuehn: Robin, let me start with the second half of your question first. The separation in our reporting is pretty clean, that our international export growth is definitely package growth. So that 7-and-plus percent that we showed was legitimate small and medium-sized packages. The freight really shows up elsewhere. So that, even though we do see in the U.S. a fairly significant difference between the freight growth and the small package, the spread is not as great internationally, although that's probably a company-specific story. We did decide to add those direct flights from Hong Kong and really exercise our structural advantage after seeing a number of competitors did frankly. And we do have the capability of linking Asia to Europe in a way that no one else does. And so it did seem that it was an appropriate way. We put up our 747 direct flight, and it's operating very well, and we are seeing good demand for that. So it's both matching some competitive challenges, but also raising the bar, and that we're comfortable to do that when the returns are there.
Robin Byde - HSBC: Thank you.
Operator: And due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Mr. Scott Flower of Macquarie Securities.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Scott and Kurt, couple of questions. 1 is, and I sense obviously the competitive environment is fairly benign. And you have a lot of noise in the volume numbers in first quarter, but are you at all worried that maybe there's some share loss seeping in on the Ground side because obviously that number is a bit weaker than I would have expected, understanding there is weather and some noise there?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Scott, I wouldn't characterize the market is benign. The market's extremely competitive. Customers have multiple choices, and so we're out there competing like crazy. The comparisons to our competitors are a little confusing because some of them are use a different calendar. FedEx, for example had the December in their last quarter, which makes comparisons a little unusual. And we haven't heard yet from the post office, which is another very large player. We suspect they'll show negative results. So we do think the economy was a little softer. We're certainly watching carefully, and we think over the longer term, it's been clear that we've been able to maintain share, and our expectation is we'll continue to.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then the other question is, and I know obviously, from a soft first quarter, things should improve, but I'm just wondering, with some of the potential depressing effects of oil and obviously, you could already bet, 1-year impact or 2-year impacts, that comes in a lag basis and government cut backs and some of the impacts maybe of the euro on exports. Why you feel other than sort of a pickup from 1Q, that there might not be some softness as we go a little bit later, with some of those impacts that may lag a bit?
D. Davis: Scott, you're right. There are a lot of clouds out there in Japan and gasoline prices near $4, and tightening in China, but there's a lot of positives out there also. I think if you look back at Fed funds they're still near 0, very accommodative. Credit conditions, as I mentioned earlier, are improving for small and medium-sized businesses. Emerging markets are likely to continue to drive growth. I think profits are strong, corporate balance sheets are strong, and you're seeing great numbers, good IP numbers and good retail numbers. So there are some risks out there, but I think there's an awful lot of strengths also.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Will the euro strengthening at all hurt your European export business?
D. Davis: It certainly hasn't to date. We just show strong growth there and then obviously ought to get better U.S. exports with the weak dollar.
Kurt Kuehn: And actually the strongest area we're accessing is Europe to Asia where the comparisons aren't as difficult. Scott, maybe just to put an edge on this, we did increase our guidance for the year. It's not based on an estimate of increased demand across the globe. What it really is based on is our increased confidence in the UPS business model to adapt to conditions and to continue to generate good economic results. So it's more an affirmation that we feel the company is operating well than that the global economy has got a lot of upside. We're not gloomy on where the world's heading, but we're also cautious, but we're confident we can adapt to conditions as they occur.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Great. Well, thank you, all.
D. Davis: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: That does conclude our Q&A session for today. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Dolny for any closing remarks.
Andy Dolny: Yes, I'm going to turn it over to Scott for some final comments.
D. Davis: Thanks, Andy. Well, this past quarter presented significant challenges for many companies across the globe. It reminds me of something, our founder, Jim Casey said, way back in 1947, he said, "Determined people make conditions. They do not allow themselves to be victims of them." His observation of over 60 years ago, still rings true today. UPS is not to write the quarter off when faced with challenging conditions. We rose to the occasion and demonstrated the resilience and flexibility of UPS. And it's evidenced in results that we announced today. Thanks so much for listening, and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: D. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations Kurt Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co H. Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Robin Byde - HSBC Holdings plc
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I'm here this morning with Scott Davis, our CEO; and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, to discuss the company's results for the quarter and our outlook for 2011. Before they begin, however, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2009 Form 10-K and 2010 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's call is being webcast, and will also be available on the UPS Investor Relations website. In our earnings announcement today, you'll notice that we recognized a gain of $71 million on the sale of UPS Logistics Technologies Inc. This gain was offset somewhat by $13 million in additional guarantees relating to the German specialized transportation company that we sold in the first quarter. The net effect of these two events provided an after-tax benefit of $32 million or $0.03 per share. Excluding this transaction, diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter were $1.08. In their remarks today, Scott and Kurt will refer to UPS's fourth quarter 2010 results, excluding the impact of this gain. Additionally, all 2010 full-year references and comparisons to 2009 will refer to adjusted results. We believe this is the most accurate picture of the company's performance. Reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures and free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, are explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release. The schedules are also available on the UPS Investor Relations website in the financial section. Lastly, mark your calendars. I'm pleased to announce that UPS will be hosting an investor conference in Louisville, Kentucky on September 14 and 15. We look forward to showcasing our flagship facilities, highlighting our many capabilities and communicating our plans for the future. More details will be forthcoming. Now to begin our review, I'll turn the program over to Scott.
D. Davis: Good morning, everyone. Today, UPS reported another quarter of significant growth in revenue and operating profit, with earnings up 44%. These extraordinary results were directly attributable to the superb execution of UPSers around the globe, during an environment of improving economic conditions.  For example, here in the U.S., increased consumer confidence, combined with slightly better employment picture, produced strong retail sales spurred by double-digit e-commerce growth. In a moment, Kurt will take you through a detailed review of UPS performance. But first, I want to spend a few minutes reflecting on 2010. The appropriate place to start is to say I'm extremely proud of how UPSers collaborated to position the company for success. Much was achieved this past year, and I would like to highlight some of our accomplishments. I am most impressed with our balanced performance across all business segments. For the year, U.S. Domestic and International operating profits on a combined basis, are up more than 40% and Supply Chain and Freight up 95%, with the International Supply Chain and Freight segments hitting record levels.  In 2010, UPS wrapped up key infrastructure projects, including the completion of the Worldport expansion and the addition of a new inter-Asia hub in Shenzhen, China. We continue to execute our strategy for growth by expanding the UPS brand in emerging markets and growing developing lines of business. We announced several important milestones in these areas, including strategic alliances with UPS service partners in Vietnam, Malaysia and Indonesia, the expansion of the world's largest service parts logistics network by adding over 100 new locations in China and just last month, a significant buildup of our global health care network, with new distribution centers in the U.S., Asia, Europe and Canada. While we were busy growing new business, 2010 was also a year of change and transition at UPS. The restructuring of the U.S. domestic business was one of the most significant in UPS history. We streamlined the organization and introduced our localized go-to-market strategy. Although some of the benefits have been realized, the full impact will be more evident in 2011 and beyond. In addition, we introduced a new global communications platform, along with an advertising campaign that highlights the power of logistics and the strength of UPS solutions.  Not only are we acknowledged for our expertise in enabling global trade, but once again, UPS was distinguished for its leadership in community, diversity and environmental sustainability. For example, UPS's employees were recognized for their continued support of the United Way, as the first company to surpass $1 billion in combined contributions. Our company received the number one industry ranking by the climate count score card for the second consecutive year.  And we were honored when President Obama asked UPS to participate in his Export Council, working alongside other business leaders to support the goal of doubling U.S. exports in the next five years. Yes, 2010 was an eventful year at UPS. As we look forward to 2011, I am encouraged by recent events that will quicken the pace of economic recovery in the months and years ahead. One such event is the recent U.S. tax law change. While I would like to see a more permanent solution, this is an important move in the right direction and should foster a more dynamic recovery in 2011.  Businesses are in a much better position to make critical decisions with a greater understanding of what the impact will be to their bottom line. Clearly, this is reflected in the recent upward revisions in the 2011 economic indicators for the U.S. As UPS developed our guidance for 2011, we also considered the current state of the global economy and the fact that 2010 growth rates varied widely across the world. Some countries exhibited solid increases in economic output like Germany, with its strongest growth in almost 30 years, while other countries in Europe experienced almost no expansion at all. This economic pattern is expected to continue. Many of the world's top economies are forecast to expand at a slower pace, leading to the overall expectation of moderate global growth in 2011. Even with this forecast, 2011 is going to be another great year for UPS. Our industry-leading margins and superior financial strength uniquely position UPS to continue investing for growth. We expect revenue and margin expansion, driving earnings per share above previous peak levels. We will further expand our unique global portfolio of services, and create leverage through our superior operating model. This gives us great confidence in our ability to provide superior returns to UPS investors. Now, let me turn it over to Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, Scott, and good morning. Wow, what a difference a year makes. In 2010, earnings per share were up 54% to $3.56, and revenue jumped more than 9% to almost $50 billion. Operating profits moved higher, up $1.9 billion or 47%. The measures we put in place, combined with outstanding execution in an improving economic environment, led to these great results. Now, looking specifically at the fourth quarter. Revenue climbed 8.4% on a 3.9% increase in volume. Operating profit increased $500 million to $1.8 billion, up 40% over last year. Operating margins rebounded to 13.1%, a 290-basis point gain.  It's true that rising fuel prices and challenging weather conditions were headwinds during the quarter. Our operators in the U.S. and abroad did a great job managing through these conditions. All in all, we were successful in controlling our costs, as compensation and benefit expense again increased at a slower pace than volume. Regarding peak season. Small improvements in the economy gave consumers enough confidence to return to more traditional holiday shopping patterns, and UPS was ready. Looking across the globe, peak season is more than just a U.S. phenomena. On peak day across the world, UPS delivered 25 million packages, processed 3 million pieces through our expanded Worldport facility and handled 48 million tracking requests with UPS technology. Now, let's look at our segment performance starting with U.S. Domestic. Total revenue was up 7% to $8.1 billion on an average daily volume increase of 1.7%, with Next Day Air volume up 2.6% and ground up 2%. Remember, these daily growth rates were negatively impacted by an additional operating day that fell between Christmas and New Years in 2010. Revenue per piece improved 3.5%. The yield improvements were primarily driven by higher fuel surcharges and our ability to retain a larger portion of the general rate increase, as customers recognize the value we provide. Operating margin improved to 12.9%, up 280 basis points. Our management team effectively controlled expense during the quarter, with key operating statistics like direct-labor hours, miles driven and block hours, all down from last year. Now, let's review our International performance. As you may recall, this segment reported strong results in the fourth quarter of 2009. As capacity in the air freight market was constrained, benefiting international express. Despite tough comps, the Q4 2010 story is a good one. Operating profit increased 15% to $537 million, with margin expansion of 90 basis points. The industry's best margin of 17.6% was driven by volume growth and our ability to drive operating leverage. Export volumes reached new highs, approaching 1 million deliveries per day, up almost 9%. All regions showed improvements, with notable gains in Asia and Europe. China continued to impress, up more than 30%, and our largest operation, Germany, experienced double-digit growth. Our non-U.S. Domestic strategy is focused on managing growth while improving profitability. In the fourth quarter, average daily volume was over 1.5 million packages, up 2.4%. Clearly, this growth was adversely affected by the worst weather that Europe has seen in decades.  As we grow around the world, we continue to set new records. For the full year, International operating profits were more than $1.9 billion, with average daily volume of 2.3 million packages. Both of these are new highs for UPS. In order to capitalize on the growth in global trade, we made significant expansions to the UPS global air network. For example during 2010, we increased capacity for key Asian lanes to the U.S. and Europe by over 40%. Now, turning to the Supply Chain and Trade segment. 2010 was a record-setting year for this segment also. Operating profits almost doubled to $577 million on a revenue increase of 17%.  For the quarter, operating profit jumped more than 500% to $176 million, with all business units contributing. Revenue increased 12.8% to $2.3 billion, driven primarily by Forwarding and UPS Freight. Forwarding revenue returned to normal fourth quarter trends, as supply in the global air freight market more closely aligned with demand. Revenue management initiatives, coupled with better equilibrium in the air freight market drove strong profit improvements. In the Logistics business unit, margin expanded as customers in the healthcare and high-tech industries recognize the value of our distribution expertise.  We continue to see increasing demand for our healthcare solutions. This is coming from all types of organizations, including pharmaceutical, biotech and medical device companies.  But UPS healthcare resources go far beyond our brick-and-mortar distribution facilities. They also include the largest transportation network in the world, offering customers both small package and freight solutions, and we continue to invest and expand capabilities across the entire portfolio. Recently, UPS announced a significant expansion of its global healthcare distribution network. New facilities are being added in the U.S., Asia, Europe and Canada to accommodate our rapid growth in healthcare. UPS freight clearly outpaced the market, as it posted substantial revenue growth, up almost 23%, with an 11% gain in LTL shipments per day. Revenue per hundredweight increased 8.7%, one of the strongest in the industry. Yield benefited from our focus on the middle market and the ability to offer technology in bundled solutions. The early general rate increase also contributed to this improvement. Clearly, the disciplined strategy employed by UPS Freight over the past several quarters is paying off. We are seeing both strong growth and improved operating profit, though work still needs to be done to fully achieve our goals. Now, let's talk about cash flow. Even after making an additional $2 billion in discretionary pension contributions in the fourth quarter, UPS generated $3.1 billion in free cash flow for the year. Efficient use of capital and a strong balance sheet continue to be a hallmark of UPS.  In 2010, we paid $1.8 billion in dividends, reflecting a 4.4% increase per share, invested $1.4 billion in capital expenditures and spent more than $800 million to repurchase approximately 12 million shares. As I mentioned last quarter, we were considering accelerated pension contributions. And given the low levels of interest rates, we thought it was financially prudent to issue debt to pre-fund our pension plans. In November, we issued $2 billion in 10- and 30-year notes at very attractive rates. For example, our 10-year notes have a coupon rate of only 3 1/8%. The proceeds from this debt were immediately contributed to our pension plans. In January 2011, another $1.2 billion in cash was also contributed to our plans. As a result, UPS defined benefit pension plans, are now over 100% funded. The financing was balance sheet neutral and the overall transaction was a great move for UPS shareowners and will substantially reduce contributions in the years to come. As wed previously discussed, UPS, like most companies with defined benefit plans, will experience higher pension expense in 2011 as a result of lower discount rates and the amortization of the 2008 market losses. The benefits of our recent pension contributions will help offset the impact, but not totally eliminate it. We do expect a 2011 pension expense headwind of approximately $0.07. Regarding our funds flow from operations-to-debt metric, we ended 2010 at 47%. Note that we've decided to modify our calculation for FFO-to-debt to incorporate pension liabilities. Based on this formula, we expect to significantly exceed 50% by the end of this year.  As far as our outlook for 2011, economic expectations call for modest growth, but we expect a record-setting year for UPS, with earnings per share reaching an all-time high. We anticipate earnings in a range of $4.12 to $4.35 per share, an increase of 16% to 22%.  Looking at the first quarter, there will be some challenges with currency headwinds and certainly, the significant weather events we've had so far this year. Nonetheless, we expect the year-over-year growth rate for the first quarter earnings to be similar to that for the year overall. In the U.S. Domestic segment, average daily volume should increase in line with GDP growth. Revenue will rise in the mid- to high-single digits, and the operating profit growth rate will be in the mid to upper teens. Operating margins should continue their rebound, improving on a year-over-year basis.  Current estimates call for a modest decline in the rate of growth for global GDP in 2011. Despite this, the International segment expects revenue and operating profit growth of approximately 10%. For the first half of 2011, year-over-year comparisons will be impacted primarily by benefits received from currency hedging in 2010 and a slightly weaker euro. As a result, the first half operating margins should see slight year-over-year declines. In the second half, margins will expand over last year, and we expect full-year operating margins to be similar to 2010. For Supply Chain and Freight, we expect to see mid- to high-single digit revenue growth, with modest margin expansion and operating profit improving in the low to mid teens percent. Our overall tax rate for 2011 should be between 34% and 35%. So all in all, 2011 should be a good year of solid operating performance.  Now, let's talk about our plans for cash. 2011 will be another great year, continuing our investments in growth opportunities. Capital expenditures are projected to be $2.2 billion or about 4% of revenue. We will look for ways to take advantage of the accelerated depreciation opportunity that exists. UPS is also committed to significantly increasing distributions to shareowners. Share repurchases are expected to increase substantially, moving from $800 million in 2010 to approximately $2 billion in 2011. And dividends will continue to be a high priority for the company.  As we close the books on 2010, the tough decisions we've made over the last few years have positioned UPS well for the future, leading us to anticipated record earnings per share in 2011. Thanks for your attention. And now, Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Jon Langenfeld of Robert W. Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Good morning. Could you talk about some of the metrics within the Domestic business, specifically how weight per shipment is trending and then how your effective wage rate is flowing up, given all the puts and takes for turnover and new hiring?
D. Davis: Yes, Jon. Sure. I'd be glad to. In general, we had great operating results in the fourth quarter, with miles per driver and our direct labor hours down as compared to volumes. Our wage rates in aggregate were up about 3%. We continue to have a very high proportion of our drivers that are full-time rate. But as growth continues, we do see some moderating trends along those lines. So a little bit of growth then continued operational execution, and we should be in pretty good shape.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then on the yield side within Domestic, how should we think about that? I mean 3% with fuel prices rising, hopefully, weight per shipment was going up. That was a little bit lower on the ground side than what I might have anticipated. So where am I missing out? Because it sounds like you described the pricing environment as continuing to be very healthy.
D. Davis: Yes, it is. Absolutely. The absolute base rates were up a couple percent. Clearly, the overall yield increases were a greater impact than the fuel was. There is a little bit of a lag on the fuel. Weight actually has flattened out. Weve not seen increasing weight, and so there's been no tailwind from that yet.
Kurt Kuehn: Also, on the fourth quarter, Jon, the retail segment really performed the strongest and generally you'll see a little lighter weights on the retail side.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I want to see if you could provide a little bit further perspective on how we would think on pricing, I guess, it's kind of a little follow-on to the prior question. But do you think that versus your comment of base rates up a few percent in fourth quarter that, that would accelerate a bit as we go through 2011? And I guess any further comments on kind of just the competitive environment in general in Domestic Package?
D. Davis: Yes. In general, we've been pleased with a rational and stable pricing environment. We did have our annual rate increase that kicked in, in January. And overall, the acceptance of that has been positive, so we do expect continual, gradual firming and improvement in the yield management and pricing arena. So far so good on that front, and we're certainly seeing that in our long-term improvements and margins, and we do see the environment as stable.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And I guess for the follow-up question, you mentioned that your guidance for 2011 implies that you're going to exceed prior peak earnings, which is great to see. If you look at Domestic Package margin, I would assume that you're still probably going to be quite a bit below your prior peak of, call it, 84-ish type of operating ratio. Do you think that if you look the next two years, there's a chance that you return to prior peak in Domestic Package margin?
D. Davis: Tom, we do feel very confident that margins will expand. And we've been pleased with the progress, and I think the Domestic business has recovered ahead of schedule, and that's why we've been thrilled to be confident that we will exceed peak earnings this year. The exact timing of when margins do return up to their high levels will depend on how the economy recovers. Certainly, the weight conditions and the revenue conditions. So we're highly confident, we're improving margins but we're at this point, we're not ready to draw a line in the sand on exactly when we'll hit what margins.
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly, Tom, we're looking at a strong 2011. And Domestics will show the biggest margin expansion of any of the three segments next year. So we're seeing a lot of progress there.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Trajan.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: When I just look at the Next Day Air yields, sequentially they look to me to be down about 4%. And fuel, obviously, went up during that period, so I'm trying to understand what might be impacting the Next Day Air, or am I looking at this wrong on the yields?
D. Davis: No. You're absolutely looking at it right. That was a number that did move quite a bit from quarter-to-quarter. The biggest factor on that really, Ed, was a shift in the mix component that -- the third quarter, we saw good growth in our industrial side, manufacturing side. And as we moved into the fourth quarter, as Scott mentioned, the retail segment really kicked in, certainly the holidays being a part of that. So we actually saw lower weights in the air, Next Day Air most notably and also, more use of our Saber product or afternoon product which tends to be more prevalent in retail. So, we don't see it anything structural. We see it as just the nature of the fourth quarter that kicked in. So in general, the base rates look good, it was really just an issue that the mix changed quite a bit quarter-to-quarter.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: The $0.07 pension headwind, I just want to clarify, that was net of your contributions, the $0.07 headwind? And then if you could give a guidance on the LCL OR, like you did last time, is it modestly profitable? Was it more profitable than third quarter? Can you give us a sense on that?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, the pension is the outlook for 2011 with the 60 basis points, or so reduction in discount rate. That did cause an actual increase expense year-over-year even with the funding. The biggest issue is the amortization of the losses from 2008, that given the nature of pension accounting which can be pretty arcane, those losses are smoothed out over a number of years, and so that's kicking in a little bit. Having said that, we're pleased that it did end up just being a $0.07 impact and over time, certainly if those contributions that we put in generate good earnings, we should be in great shape pension-wise. I made brief comment about substantial reduction in future funding. We could be upwards of $1 billion saved in the next several years of required contributions having done this full funding. So we're in great shape on the pension.
D. Davis: And then on the LTL question, I'd say we are modestly profitable for the fourth quarter. But the good thing there is that, generally expect the third quarter to be more profitable than the fourth quarter due to seasonality. And we really held our own in the fourth quarter with the third. So good progress in that segment.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: You talked a bit about aircraft growing about 40% in between U.S., Asia, Europe. Can you talk about what kind of level you plan to invest to maintain your kind of near double-digit international growth?
D. Davis: We are certainly continuing to expand the air fleet. And for 2011, we expect to take delivery of two 747-400s, which are certainly flagship assets in the International and another five 767s. So that should put us in good stead and serve us well. And as I mentioned, we continue to get great benefits from the expanded Worldport that's allowed us to make better use of those aircraft assets, in some cases, making the Domestic network more efficient and freeing up assets for International.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: So as you see that growth, is that meeting your 8% to 10% international growth? Is there something you need to make to make further investments to capture more than that as you see it picking up? Or is it just more efficiency of unused utilization of that aircraft?
D. Davis: No. The aircraft were in good shape for. Certainly, those increases will be fine, and we'll continue to make investments around the globe and on the ground assets, sector expansion like healthcare and expanding our hubs where we need it. But the aircraft were in good shape here.
Kurt Kuehn: And Ken, we're flexible in that we carry a fair amount of cargo also, and as the Package business grows, we can take cargo off and fly packages and use common carriage for the cargo.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Kurt, in your guidance of the 16% to 22%, can you talk a little bit about what kind of growth levels you anticipate maybe on the ground or any of the specifics on overall volume growth you're targeting within that?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. We expect the Domestic package market to grow in line with GDP, and we're estimating GDP somewhere around 3%, maybe a little higher. We'll see how the stimulus works. So our Ground business and our Next Day Air business should grow at or slightly above that, and our deferred business may grow a little below that range. But we feel pretty good that both the Next Day Air and the Ground Product will show good solid growth this year.
D. Davis: And Ken, it's encouraging for us that we're expecting industrial production again to outperform GDP in 2011. So most people look at IP growing over 4% this year, which is encouraging.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Malat of Goldman Sachs.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: For International, probably more specifically in Europe, how do we think about the balance between margins and share gains? You said margins are going to be relatively flat. Should we think of this as a function of margins already at pretty high levels? Maybe the focus is a bit more on taking share rather than increasing margins from here?
D. Davis: Absolutely. Our top priority in International is growth. And we've been thrilled with the return to peak margins, 17.6% in the fourth quarter. So when youve got the best business model, when you've got double the margins of your competitors, growth is priority, and that will remain the focus. The one headwind at the International is that we did smooth out the impact of a declining euro last year. And so some of those comps year-over-year, the euro will be a headwind. Could be as much as $100 million or so because of our hedging that we've done several years ago that helped us smooth out the significant decline we've seen in the euro. So that really puts the  thats the primary issue that's putting the headwind to the margin, but our priority is growth. But overall, the global economy, we're pretty optimistic for 2011. While a lot of people think it wont grow quite as much as it did last year, it's still going to grow in the upper 3% level. Strong growth out of Asia. China, the GDP was 10% last year. It will be high nines this year, itll be a little slower but still real strong growth. Europe, there's some concern that there may be some moderation but we're really seeing maybe a tenth or two less growth in the economy in Europe this year versus last year. So overall, it's a pretty good environment for UPS to grow International.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just on compliance rates on fuel surcharge, historically as fuel moves up, we get a little bit lower compliance rates, is that still the case? You get a little bit less of an impact than you did in the past? How do we think about that as we go through the year?
Kurt Kuehn: Certainly, as fuel spikes, that becomes a big issue. At this point, compliance is reasonably stable. Clearly it's not a 100%, but we are able to get a significant majority of the rates. As fuel moves over a $100 a barrel and goes even higher, there's some risk to that. Although one thing we have done in the last couple of years is we did narrow the difference between the air surcharge and the ground surcharge, especially if fuel spikes. So we think that will buffer, to some extent, pressure on compliance and also hopefully minimize the trade down impact that was so challenging for us a few years ago.
D. Davis: But certainly, with what's going in Egypt, we'll pay attention to that. But again, our biggest problem with compliance was when fuel got to $120, $130, $140 a barrel. Fortunately, we have a ways to go and hopefully we will not hit that in the near-term.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of William Greene of Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: Can I just ask you, you referenced the strength of the online retailers. How big was B2C in the fourth quarter? Did it approach 50% of volumes?
D. Davis: Not for the quarter overall. Certainly, there was some time during December when it was that or more during those last couple of peak weeks. Overall, for the quarter, it was about 35% though.
Unidentified Analyst: And the growth rate year-over-year for B2C?
D. Davis: It was in the mid- to upper-single digits. It had flattened out a little bit during the summer, but it did come back in pretty strong. Although frankly, the one thing that did offset the peak a little bit is very late in peak and into that week after peak, things did cool off quite a bit.
Unidentified Analyst: And then how about inventories broadly? I think there's a sense that the inventory to sales ratio is pretty low. Does that suggest we could see surprises on the Air side in 2011? How do you think about where your customer inventories are?
Kurt Kuehn: Bill, I do think inventory to sales ratios are still pretty low, historically theyre pretty low, maybe not at the very bottom. But I think it bodes pretty well for replenishing inventories this year, which again combining that with a pretty strong IP year, should help the Air business. So we're expecting good Next Day growth in 2011.
Unidentified Analyst: Were you referring to Domestic?
Kurt Kuehn: Domestic. Correct.
Unidentified Analyst: But not -- the exports not where you would expect to see the big surprise?
Kurt Kuehn: From the U.S. exports' standpoint, I'm still optimistic. Im part of the Export Council, our jobs are to double exports the next five years, and I think I'm optimistic you'll see good growth in U.S. exports.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Gary Chase of Barclays Capital.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: Just a couple on the Domestic business. Scott, during the prepared remarks, you said something about the restructuring being more impactful in 2011. Just wondered if you could elaborate on whether there are any other shoes we should expect to drop there during the course of the year that will be helpful.
D. Davis: No, I think we had a very successful transformation in 2010. And in 2011, clearly, we have 12 months of the benefits with less people and compensation expenses. But I think the real key is the marketing, the local marketing, going to work. And we're doing a much better job as we've decentralized and given more authority to our presence in the districts. They've got a marketing staff, they're able to direct the sales force better than in the past. I think what you'll see is better target marketing, and that will benefit us 2011, 2012 and beyond.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: If I could piggyback on part of the answer to a question that I think Tom was asking. If you take a look at the past four quarters where you had peakish margins around 16% in the Domestic business and they're down to 13% now, you've restructured, you're more efficient. Is the erosion explainable entirely by the price impact that we saw in '08 and '09, or is there some other factor that we should be thinking of that needs to turn in order for you to get back to those kinds of levels?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, clearly, the go-go economy of 2007 is not fully back yet. So if you look at the industries, the manufacturing, some of those things, we're not really back to peak economic output, I think, across the U.S. as we were. So yes, we do have about a couple of hundred basis point gap still that we'd like to work towards. We are guiding to mid to upper teens income growth for this year. So clearly, that will get us a good piece of that. But it's a number of factors. It's continued prudent management of yields. We're not trying to make up for a few years of declines with one big step so we're being prudent and disciplined on yield management. Weights hopefully will continue to come back as the business and manufacturing side of the economy continue to grow. And then us continuing our big focus on operational technology and efficiencies, so it's the sum total of many things but we feel pretty good with guiding to mid to upper teens improvements and profits for the year.
D. Davis: The only thing I'll add to that, Kurt, is that, clearly, that the wage rate will benefit us. Right now, were still having an effective labor wage rate higher than our contract rate. And as we get the volume growth, the effective rate should go below the contract rate which will be beneficial to margins.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: Clearly, a great quarter in Q4 given the challenges of fuel and weather. I was curious, as you look back at Q4 and you look out now towards Q1, as we're supposed to get an ice storm here in New York today. This isn't an outdoor sport, but what do you think was the impact of weather in Q4 and thus far, how bad has the impact on your Domestic network and even in Europe been in Q1?
D. Davis: First of all, all of you New Yorkers are as tired of the weather as we are. It's been a rugged one. Clearly, Europe, the worst weather I think in the U.K. in 60 years. Had a big impact on us. But January, there really hasn't been a good, clean week in January so far, week after week. We're still, as Kurt said in his guidance, were optimistic for the first quarter but if this carries on for another two, three, four weeks, there's going to be pressure on the first quarter. Right now, we do a pretty good job of operating through it. Our people have done a great job. But this kind of weather, it certainly impairs the economy and you're going to see, I think, in January, some weakened retail sales numbers and other numbers due to the impact of the weather.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. I think if you look at Q4, the primary impact was on the demand side. It clearly had an impact on our European Domestic services. The Export business isn't quite as impacted, but clearly, we did show lower growth there. And frankly, that's what we're saying so far for the U.S. environment in January with growth that had been solid actually going flat or even negative for January. That's primarily where it is. I think our operations know to work around it but frankly, if businesses are shut down, it's hard to do. So hopefully, this clears up quickly and the storm this week is the last one for the quarter. But we'll continue to manage as best we can.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: When I think about the CapEx guidance that you guys gave, you talked about bonus depreciation plan, a bit of a roll there. But you also came in, I think a little light versus plan on 2010. So is there a pull through that went into 2011? And then I guess if you broke it down, what do you guys think is your maintenance CapEx right now at this point? And how much of this should we be thinking of as your mark for growth? And what is that growth going towards?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we did come in lower than we had projected on the CapEx for 2010. And frankly, a lot of that was decisions to defer projects a year or so and some of the areas will see the biggest increase. Vehicles is one of the most discretionary areas. Clearly, there'll be benefits on the depreciation side for that. Our building and facility projects, when in doubt, we tend to delay those. So there is some push from 2010 into 2011. Having said that, we are aggressively looking for opportunities where it makes sense to invest this year and next year, frankly, for some of the longer-term assets to take advantage of the rapid depreciation.
D. Davis: I think the best encouraging thing here is I think that what UPS is doing, most of corporate America is also going to do. When you look at this 100% depreciation that came in the tax change, it is going to encourage investment. It will help the economy, and it will create jobs. And I think that's good for all of us.
Kurt Kuehn: And I guess back to the second half of your question, over the long term, we think depreciation pretty fairly represents maintenance CapEx. Although with us just having completed Worldport and having substantial new capacity, we were able to reduce our CapEx below that level. So we've been investing for growth even with these historically low rates. The aircraft, we've got an all-new fleet so all of our aircraft additions are capacity expansion -- so were investing for growth even at these low rates of capital.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: And you've focused more of this CapEx in Europe, given what the euro's doing right now? Or is that not play into your thought process?
Kurt Kuehn: No, it's really around the globe. We've got a very large hub in Cologne that well likely do some expansions on. But inter-network expansions, many of those go to Europe, but we don't, we arent particularly trying to time the euro as far as capital expansions.
D. Davis: Some of it will be geared around our healthcare expansion when necessarily. We're expanding healthcare in Asia, in Europe, in the Americas and so on. So, it'll be around the world as Kurt said.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Robin Byde of HSBC.
Robin Byde - HSBC Holdings plc: Just a more general question on fuel surcharges and mix. I was just wondering, do these apply in the same way to International Package, particularly IP Domestic as they do to U.S. Domestic? So I guess what I'm getting at here is as your mix shifts away from the U.S., does your ability to recover higher fuel cost through surcharges, does that stay the same or get more challenging?
Kurt Kuehn: No. Robin, I think it is very similar. They are different indexes and different levels of surcharges across the world, but we've put in very similar structures over the last few years. Our domestic markets, most of the larger markets, we do have some form of surcharge, although there are some where there isn't, but the impact of thats much less material because it's really the aircraft that consume the highest proportion of fuel. So no, we feel very good about the capability to manage yield in a rising fuel environment across the globe. And I think if you look at our currency adjusted yields for the quarter, they were quite strong. Our domestics actually show a 3% increase currency adjusted in those domestic markets. Part of that is us rationalizing some customer bases as we've had great growth. But all in all, we feel very good about the fuel surcharge across the globe and don't see any exposure there.
Robin Byde - HSBC Holdings plc: And just a quick follow-up on Supply Chain, you talked quite a lot about expansion of healthcare. Can you give us an indication of the margins you make in the Supply Chain segment, specifically? Or at least just say if these are higher or lower than your divisional average?
Kurt Kuehn: I guess I'll just talk specifically on the numbers, and then maybe Scott can expand a little bit on our healthcare strategy. But in general, our distribution and Logistics margins in healthcare are above average. And because of the value added, it takes more investment and certainly, capabilities are more challenging. But when you get it right, it is highly profitable. So we are seeing upper single-digit margins in our distribution business, Forwarding business is doing well. The only business really that still has quite a ways to go on the margin side is the LTL business that is modestly profitable but it, clearly, we expect margins to expand. And if we can continue to grow shipments 11% and yields remain firm, then we're highly confident that, that will be a very profitable business for us. So some of that is the environment improving, some of that is the benefit of us focusing on the middle market and value, and you can see the results on this quarter on the revenue side.
D. Davis: I think you covered it pretty well, Kurt. I think that the healthcare customers really have complex supply chains. And as a result, it requires tailored solutions for them as opposed to just standardized solutions, which should drive to higher margins and 300% response.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: In looking at the Domestic business again, and all of the questions about getting back to a peak margin, do you have any type of bubble in your employment? A group of employees maybe that are reaching the retirement age where you would get a sudden improvement in the wage rate? Or is this going to be more of a gradual event as you just continue to hire the new employees and at the lower wage rate?
Kurt Kuehn: That's a good question, John, and you really have to segment our workforce into two groups. On the full-time employees, the drivers primarily, it will be a gradual process. Although clearly, retirements are, I think age is extending a little bit as with the economic uncertainty. So with our full-time drivers, that will be a gradual process of retirement and really growth will drive the catalyst. On the part-timers though, that workforce is much more fluid. And what we've seen with the recession and the slow recovery is many of the part-time workers, that worked for us in college that normally would migrate to full-time jobs elsewhere, frankly have hung on to their part-time job because it's the best they can get right now. With continued economic recovery and the job market improving, we could see a substantial change in our part-time workforce and so that would have a material impact.
D. Davis: Its important, John, like the unemployment rate in the U.S., you need GDP to grow faster than 2% to get it going. I think were seeing 2%, 3% growth. If we can get that to 3% to 4%, you're going to see unemployment rates come down in the United States, and it will also help our situation.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then, if I'm looking at kind of the same discussion with regard to Supply Chain in the freight division, you did nice work in the last couple of quarters on getting that LTL margin back to where it needs to be or at least profitable. What does it take to get back to levels of profitability in the higher single-digit range or better? I mean is it, again, is it just the economy there or is there some additional restructuring of LTL that needs to be done in order to get back there?
Kurt Kuehn: No. John, I think the vast majority of it is the environment. I think as both players are reporting, we still have a long ways to go for profitability in the LTL industry to get back anywhere near to typical rates. We feel very happy that we've kind of managed through what seemed to be a price war with the disciplined approach. Clearly, our yields didn't take the huge drop that many of our competitors did and we continued growing. I think what you're seeing now is as the market rationalizes, as the players that were very aggressive on price get more rational, we are seeing more growth on because we've got such a great value proposition. A little bit more time, frankly, and a better environment as all the players become a little more rational and were highly optimistic on our great offering. We think, if anything, the markets moving towards us with this highly integrated, regional, national network all combined with technology and ease of use. So we think were on the right track with the LTL. Clearly, it's been a humbling couple of years, but so far, so good and as the environment improves, we'll certainly bring that to the bottom line.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: It looks like you're getting pricing across-the-board. Are you getting push back from your customers? Maybe you could talk a little bit about the customer mindset these days?
D. Davis: Yes. I think there's always a give-and-take with pricing, and we are determined to manage this business carefully and also, gradually improve yields over time. So we're not trying to change things overnight. But every negotiation we have, certainly, it's our intent to make sure that we are compensated for the value we create. And as I mentioned earlier, we do see the pricing environment to be rational. There are times when we will decide not to pursue volume if the price seems below what we need to be compensated for our services. So it's a balancing act. We have seen, in general, good trends and the rate increase this year has been reasonably well received. There are some new wrinkles in it. We did change some of the dim weight impacts on our rates and so far, that transition has gone pretty well also.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Looking at potential acquisitions, are you seeing opportunities out there both internationally and domestically? Maybe you could touch on the M&A market?
Kurt Kuehn: We are always keeping our eyes open for good opportunities. We're always looking for targets to provide additional capabilities that we don't already have or may open up a new land or a territory. So that won't change. I said many times in the past though, our real focus has been in International Package in Asia, Central Europe and Eastern Europe. That hasn't really changed. I think in the Forwarding Logistics area, again, if it would expand lane coverage or add capabilities, wed be interested. So the answer is yes, were always interested in that area.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Nate Brochmann of William Blair and Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I'm wanting to talk a little bit longer-term outlook on the Logistics segment. We just talked a little bit on Kevins question about kind of the M&A environment and Logistics. But what else do you really seek to add in that business and where could that really go in the next three to five years?
Kurt Kuehn: I think, certainly one of the areas that we've talked about, putting an investment in and expanding our interest in is healthcare. So that's an area that again, well look for added capabilities around the world, look for maybe locations that we don't cover today. Many of our multinational customers have needs throughout the world, so we'll certainly address our -- I guess, our vision that way. But healthcare is always one of the areas we'd look at.
D. Davis: Nate, in general, with the substantial profit improvements we've been showing, we see this as a growth platform. And it's not a coincidence that as this business is operated better, we've launched a major advertising campaign, celebrating the role of Logistics and highlighting UPS's capabilities. So, we think this is an incredible area of value add for customers. Everybody's supply chains are global these days. It's not just transportation. And as we expand across the world, we do see Logistics in its broadest sense being a great platform for us. So it all fits together and having the Internet work and the Forwarding capabilities, the Distribution capabilities, the Small Package capabilities fit together, we think is a great platform for growth long-term.
Kurt Kuehn: We said before that Logistics is the great equalizer. It really brings a small or medium sized enterprise into the global fray. And I think that, that if the U.S. is going to double exports the next five years, small and medium sized enterprises have to drive that growth. The Logistics will help that.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And how much current overlap? We talk about kind of the integrated potential offering? My guess is it's pretty small today in terms of your packaging customers that also use Logistics. Could you help frame that a little bit in terms of what penetration you have and where that could potentially go in the next three to five years?
Kurt Kuehn: It really differs by both the customer size and the portfolio. We see the best success in the very large customers today of melding all of our capabilities, they really get it. Part of the realignment of field marketing that Scott talked about, is how do we bring those capabilities to the middle market. So that's a big priority for us to take advantage of that and really begin to bring those kind of capabilities to small and medium enterprises that Scott talked about.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And is the total size of that market just as large and potentially if not larger than what you're doing right now with the large customers?
D. Davis: I think it's extremely large, yes. If you look at the size of that market, if you look at  the make-up of the GDP and so much of it comes from small and medium-sized enterprises. It's a bigger market.
Kurt Kuehn: And Nate, I guess it takes an awful lot of work though to get to that market. It's not easy to get to. You need sales resources. You need to make it simple. That's why we've invested so much over the last three to four years in our customer-facing technologies so that it feels similar whether you're shipping freight shipments on our LTL network, air freight to Asia or small package and linking all of those together is really what you have to do in order to get to that middle market.
D. Davis: And on top of that, its a huge education job just in the United States alone that trades a good thing. If you saw that last survey that came out between NBC and the Wall Street Journal, think I said, 60% of Americans think free trade agreements are bad. So it's a combination of -- big education project.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Chris Ceraso of Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG: Can you give us a feel if there's been any notable disruption in your business in the Middle East given what's going on or is it not big enough to move the needle for you?
Kurt Kuehn: I think it's really not material to our business today. I mean we certainly do business and serve Egypt, but it would not have a big impact on our business. The bigger impact and overriding concern, obviously, is the impact on energy prices and if this thing spreads. But I think that what were paying more attention to you today, obviously, we'd like to see them get the problems resolved in Egypt. But the impact it could have on the energy could have an influence on the economy.
Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG: And then I know you don't have full information quite yet, but maybe you can give us a feel for what happened in terms of market share for you in the major markets in 2010 and what you're thinking in terms of share growth in '11?
D. Davis: Yes, I think as you look across our portfolio, our International business was successful in gaining share, pretty much across the world. If you look either at the four big integrators or you take even more detailed view. UPS freight, we slowed our share growths for a few quarters there while the bloodbath in pricing was occurring. But clearly, the last couple of quarters, we feel highly confident that we're back to substantial share gains. Our Domestic business, all in all, if you look at the year in total, we see our share fairly stable. That business actually has got a little more difficult to measure because of the blurring between some traditional package and some of the postal volume and the lightweight volume. So you do have to look carefully at that. We report our basic product, which has a lot of lightweight postal injection in our package numbers. If you take a broader view of the market and bring a lot of that postal volume in, actually, the USPS is the second-largest player in the industry. So substantial share gains in International, we think solid share gains in our Freight business and holding market share in the Domestic is our view of 2010.
Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG: Anything different for '11?
D. Davis: No. I think those trends will continue. We expect to grow at market in the Domestic environment. Our International business, it just continues to be on a roll. Even Europe grew at 8% this most recent quarter as we continue to provide Pan-European solutions. Big focus on emerging markets and making sure we can bring economic connectivity to them. So we feel pretty good across all our segments that we will continue to gain share.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will come from the line of Peter Nesvold of Jefferies.
H. Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So we've danced around this a little bit. The comp and benefits as a percent of revenue, in the quarter, it was 51.1%, it's within shouting distance of your best ever fourth quarter of 50.2% in '07 and on a full-year basis, you're only about 50 bps away. And what I was just trying to get a better feel for is, do you anticipate that we'll see that sort of best ever number this year? You did talk to the effective wage rate being above the contract rate. So does that cycle through by the end of this year? Or is this more like a two- or three-year type evolution?
D. Davis: Peter, the comp and benefits as a percent of revenue, the good news is that's a less meaningful statistic than it was when we were primarily Domestic and primarily Small Package. As we've grown into areas like Freight Forwarding distribution and even International, the proportion of direct comp and benefits to revenue drops. So some of that is just the continued diversification of our business stream. But in general, we are seeing great operating results. The U.S. Domestic restructuring, we didn't talk a lot on the call today, but we have a tremendous number of efforts underway within operational technology enhancements. We'll actually talk about those at the investor conference in September. So there's a lot of good work going on to streamline an already efficient business, not to mention the tailwind that Scott mentioned earlier, hopefully that we see as growth continues on our average wage rate. We're very pleased with our efficiencies on managing comp and benefits. As we become more diversified globally and across our segments, that number will continue to drop, we think.
H. Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And other than yields, where else might I see from a financial standpoint, continued operating leverage? Because early on in your prepared remarks, you talked to some pretty significant operating leverage in Domestic Package.
D. Davis: It's a combination. It's the benefit of the restructuring weve done, the value focus that we have and our yield management and the continued productivity. As long as we can keep our comp and benefit growing at a lower rate than volume, we're in great shape and even if there's a little inflation, we anticipate it will be substantially less than our yield.
Kurt Kuehn: We're still investing heavily in technology, and technology has resulted in improved productivity. And we have more to gain there.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Dolny for any further closing remarks.
Andy Dolny: Yes, I'm going to turn it over to Scott for closing comments.
D. Davis: Thanks, Andy. It was hard for us to imagine in the throes of the great recession that in just two short years, we'd be talking about record EPS levels. You may recall back then that I said, when economic trends do improve, the business landscape would be different. Some companies will be gone, others will be viable, but damaged and no longer leaders. But that UPS would emerge stronger, leaner and more customer focused, prepared to benefit from improving trends. UPS has emerged a much stronger company, with the best financial and competitive position in our industry, a rock-solid balance sheet, strong earnings growth and tremendous free cash flow. Thanks so much for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you next time.
Andy Dolny: Thanks, Scott. That concludes our fourth quarter earnings call. Thanks for participating. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: D. Davis - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Andy Dolny - Vice President of Investor Relations Kurt Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Helane Becker - Citi Robin Byde - HSBC Global Research Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co Christopher Combe - Exane SA Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steven, and I will be a conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everybody to the UPS Investor Relations Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations. The floor is yours, sir. Please go ahead.
Andy Dolny: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Scott Davis, our CEO, and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, will discuss the second quarter results and our expectations going forward. Before they begin, however, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2009 form 10-K and first quarter 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's call is being webcast and will also be available on our Investor Relations website. I want to remind you of an adjustment we made in the second quarter of 2009 for certain foreign currency obligations which did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. The after tax impact of this charge was $48 million or $0.05 per share. In the remarks today, Scott and Kurt will refer to UPS' second quarter 2009 results excluding the impact of this charge. Additionally, all 2010 full year references and comparisons to 2009 will refer to adjusted results. We believe this is a more accurate picture of the company's performance.  Reconciliation to comparable GAAP measures is explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release this morning. The schedules are also available on the UPS IR website in the Financials section. Finally, during the call, we refer to free cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. A reconciliation is also included in the news announcement this morning and is available on the UPS Investor Relations website.  To begin our review of the quarter, I'll turn the program over to Scott.
D. Davis: Thanks, Andy. Good morning, everyone. We continue to see strong momentum in 2010 as evidenced by our results announced this morning. UPS earnings jumped 71% on revenue growth of 13% with improvement across all business units. Now, this was achieved despite the fact that mixed economic signals continue to dominate the headlines. The U.S. is witnessing strong corporate earnings and moderate GDP growth, although employment and housing data remain weak. The debt crisis in Europe has kept everyone's interest, the stock markets around the globe reflecting this uncertainty. Yet, we are pleased that our European business showed solid growth again this quarter. And Asia continued to experience significant economic expansion. Our export volumes in the region grew over 40%. UPS has exceeded this environment while also investing to further strengthen our global network.  In the quarter, we enhanced and built new relationships with partners in Asia. UPS expanded the reach for our services through strategic alliances in Vietnam and in Malaysia, providing greater access to customers in these important emerging markets. In May, UPS announced a significant new partnership in China with Alibaba, the world's largest small business e-commerce company. The agreement benefits UPS by giving us access to small and medium-size wholesalers through their new online marketplace. This platform provides easy use of our services for Chinese suppliers and eventually will be available to users around the globe. Our approach to international expansion, using alliances, service partners and acquisitions, has proved to be successful. The evidence can be seen in the strong international growth UPS has delivered over the years. We are confident in this strategy. In fact, during the quarter, UPS was recognized as the market leader in Poland by industry trade magazines and the local press, accomplishing this in just five years following our acquisition of Stalicha. [ph] (18:22) Poland has become a key manufacturing center and distribution point for Europe.  I am equally confident in our U.S. domestic strategy. Our reorganization effort has started to pay dividends. UPSers has embraced the need for change and quickly adapted to the new organizational structure. Through the superb execution of our people, significant network efficiencies have been achieved, and our go-to market strategy is beginning to bear fruit. In the midst of the one of the most substantial changes in our history, the U.S. domestic segment reported 57% improvement in operating profit. We are not yet where we need to be, but we are moving in the right direction.  Earlier this month, I was honored when President Obama asked me to serve on his Export Council. I look forward to working with administration and other business leaders to help achieve the objective of doubling U.S. experts in the next five years. To support the Export Council Initiative, UPS announced several key undertakings to help U.S. small businesses compete globally. Only 1% of U.S. small and medium-size businesses export products, and most to only one country. Since 96% of consumers live outside the U.S., it's important that we help our customers expand their businesses and compete in the global marketplace.  Before I turn it over to Kurt, I want to say that I am encouraged by our performance as we realize the benefits of our efforts. We made the right decisions, took the right actions and are confident of UPS' ability to substantially improve results during this moderate economic recovery. Kurt?
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, Scott, and good morning. It's good to talk to you today, especially turning in great results like this. UPS global revenue was up 13%, with operating profits skyrocketing 57%. This is despite a mixed global economic environment.  The operating leverage we demonstrated in the first quarter has continued as witnessed by our margin expansion of 320 basis points. For the third quarter in a row, our compensation and benefit expense grew at a slower rate than volume. The numerous changes that UPS has made and the investments in our global network are paying off. Our progress on these has led us to increase our 2010 earnings guidance.  Now let's look at the segments, starting with U.S. Domestic Package. Operating profit is up 57% on a 7% revenue gain. This increase was driven by yield improvements, increased volume, network efficiencies and superb execution. As a result, operating margin was 10.3%, an increase of 330 basis points.  Average daily volume increased more than 1% with ground up 2%. We are also beginning to see UPS customers trade up to premium services, and that is encouraging. While volume in our Next Day Air was flat overall, we saw solid growth in Next Day Package, although this was offset by a decline in our Letter products. This positive mix shift helped drive our 11% improvement in air yields. Total Domestic revenue per piece increased 6%, driven by stronger base rates and higher fuel surcharges. Our focus on yield management is clearly showing results.  The U.S. operations team executed this quarter to near perfection with improved productivity, service and cost management. With an increased volume, UPS direct labor hours, miles driven and block hours were all down. A job well done when you also consider the challenges presented by our U.S. restructuring. We experienced substantial relocation and training expenses for the restructuring during the quarter. The impact was partially offset by reductions in payroll. As a result, the net effect overall was approximately $0.02. Now for the International segment, where operating profit soared 78% to $521 million on a 23% jump in revenue. Volume increased 20%, with exports up 15% and non-U.S. domestic up 24%. We've seen international volume exceed 2 million pieces per day for three consecutive quarters, and for the first half of the year, UPS International profits were the best in our history. During the quarter, UPS experienced strong export growth in all regions, with Asia up more than 40%. Both U.S. and Europe export volumes were up more than 10%. Operating margin climbed to 18.8%, an increase of 580 basis points. The improved margin was driven by higher yields and effective management of our network by the operations team. For example, during the quarter, our in-country cost per piece declined over 4%.  Over the past few months, there have been questions about how currency fluctuations will impact UPS results. Due to our hedging positions, currency did not have a material impact during the quarter. This will likely change as the year progresses, and I will talk about that later. Export yields are up 9% due to stable pricing, fuel surcharges and positive changes in product mix as customers traded up to higher service levels. For example, in our premium product, Worldwide Express, volume growth was more than 20%. Non-U.S. domestic volume increased 24% driven by core countries in Europe and Canada. These results are also impacted by our August, 2009 acquisition in Turkey. Organic growth was equally impressive, up 13%. The value of the domestic and export portfolio continues to resonate with customers.  Our results in Europe are impressive considering the disruption caused by the volcanic ash cloud, and I want to recognize the great effort our team made during the quarter. Our customers told us that UPS saved the day by acting quickly to ensure dependable service. We leveraged our extensive pan-European ground network, and kept their goods moving. UPS technology enabled us to provide accurate and timely visibility throughout this challenging event. Financially, the impact of the volcano was not material.  UPS recently announced significant upgrades to several of our international shipping systems. These enhancements improve ease-of-use, visibility and provide importers with greater control of their shipments. We will continue to introduce innovative products and solutions that help our customers compete in the global marketplace.  Now for the Supply Chain and Trade segment. Revenue increased 21% on the strength of the Forwarding and Logistics business, with operating margins over 6%. Keep in mind that last year's operating margin benefited by about 100 basis points from the sale of the International MBE business. Forwarding experienced improved results this quarter, with strong tonnage growth led by high-tech. Industry capacity continues to be constrained putting some pressure on our margins. We remain focused on revenue management, and expect to see margin expansion as the year progresses. As expected, UPS Freight has returned to profitability this quarter, a result of our targeted growth strategy. Freight revenue per hundred weight increased 9%. This will again be one of the industry's best results. Though we had modest declines in shipments and tonnage, weight per shipment improved.  Our Logistics business unit continues to experience strong results from the healthcare and high-tech industries. Solutions created within this unit enable us to add value for our customers, benefiting through the alignment of multiple UPS capabilities. This is unmatched in the industry. Once again, the unique UPS operating model produced significant cash. Year-to-date, we have generated more than $2.5 billion in free cash flow. In addition, we have invested $690 million in capital expenditures, paid dividends of $910 million, reflecting a 4.4% dividend increase, spent $425 million to repurchase approximately $7 million shares, and UPS ended the period with over $4 billion in cash and marketable securities.  UPS' cash position remains strong. We will continue to follow our current stock repurchase strategy of offsetting the impact of dilution from stock-based compensation. We will consider changing this strategy once the S&P outlet for UPS is modified. I am confident of meeting their targets by the end of this year.  This quarter, we did mark down certain auction-rate securities to their market value. The write-down was $21 million offset to our investment income. Now for some comments on our outlook. Looking forward, even when we consider expectations for a slow economic recovery in the U.S. and the uncertain outlook in Europe, we are more confident than we were earlier in the year in UPS' ability to grow and generate substantial profits. This leads us to raise our full year 2010 guidance to an expected range of $3.35 to $3.45 per share. This represents a 45% to 50% increase over last year's results. Looking at the segments. In the Domestic segment, volume should grow in line with GDP for the remainder of the year. The third quarter will show better results due to easier comps and the way the Fourth of July holiday fell last year. We expect to continue seeing significant year-over-year margin expansion.  In our International segment, for the second half of the year, we do expect to see export growth rates moderate but still outpace the market. The rate of volume growth will somewhat depend on whether the Asia export market continues to grow at its current lofty pace. Also, year-over-year comps will become more challenging, particularly in the fourth quarter. We do expect a headwind from currency in the second half of the year of approximately $25 million per quarter. Based on these assumptions, we expect International profits for the remainder of the year to reflect typical seasonal trends with the third quarter lower than the fourth.  The Supply Chain and Freight segments should produce full-year margins of approximately 6% on revenue growth in the low teens. All in all, UPS had a tremendous quarter, led by significant margin expansion on strong revenue growth in our U.S. Domestic and International Package segments. We are very encouraged by the accelerated growth we're seeing in revenue and profit across all business units. Our ability to generate cash, coupled with an outlook for moderate capital requirements, will ensure that UPS continues to generate significant shareowner value going forward.  Thanks for your attention. And now Scott and I would be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question in queue will come from the line of Mr. Jon Langenfeld of Robert W. Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Can you talk a little bit about your weight per shipment both in the ground side as well as on the Domestic Express side?
D. Davis: Yes, great. The weight per shipment was a positive trend across most of the businesses. It was definitely notable in our International Express services as heavier goods moved. In the Domestic, it's a little bit of a mixed picture. We saw very notably in our Next Day Air Package segment as growth begin to kick in and also weights went up. The Ground business was up moderately but not materially, but clearly, the rising weights is a positive leading indicator and we were pleased to see that.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: It sounds like theres still room to grow on the domestic side.
Kurt Kuehn: John, I think that we're still pretty optimistic on industrial production continuing to grow. It clearly outpaced GDP this year. That's just the best barometer for us. If manufacturing kicks in, we should see heavier products both in the Ground and Air.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Gary Chase of Barclays Capital.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: I was curious to get a little bit more color on, Kurt, you were talking about in-country cost internationally going down 4%. Wondered if you could just give a little bit more color on what you're doing there to drive that and sort of how far along in that process we are.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Gary, the catalyst for this was the downturn we had as the economy to began to hit the skids. And we did shift gears pretty dramatically from what had been a decade of unimpeded growth to tightening up and just our challenging our network. So the recession was a challenge in our International business, but it also gave us an opportunity, really, to go in and streamline and make more efficient some of our processes. So what you're seeing now is a more highly tuned network, with volume back up dramatically. So were getting economies of scale, and weve got the core efficiencies that we can hang on to.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: And then just a quick one, the $25 million in headwind that you referred to, is that net of edges, and can you tell us how much the hedges are offsetting if it is?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, that's certainly net of hedges. We use a collar strategy where we protect most of the downside and give up in some cases some of the upside. So certainly the euro has been very volatile; that is by far our largest exposure. And the $25 million estimate basically assumes the euro stays in the upper 120s where it is today. We do have protection if it gets much worse, so we don't think the currency could get much worse than that. But certainly, that is something that were very active with and we constantly hedge to reduce some of the volatility. And it did that for the second quarter; third and fourth well see some headwinds, but still much less volatile than it would be otherwise.
Operator: Our next questionll come from the line of Mr. Tom Wadewitz of JPMorgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: On the yields, I was wondering if you could give a little sense of how much of the yield in Air and Ground is base price increase and how much is fuel surcharge in mix? And I guess then, in terms of the price, whether that accelerates going forward? So I guess a question on yield and price?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, its a little different story for each of the products. In the Ground, certainly, the majority of the yield increase is base pricing as we've not seen much of a tailwind from weight. So that's probably the best indication as far as the status. There is some tailwind. On the Air side, somewhere around half would be fuel, and there is a little bit of a mix benefit. Weve talked about that Package is growing substantially, more than Letters, which are declining. Clearly, with the very low numbers of new home sales and year-over-year negatives on refinancing, the Letter business is being challenged. But the weight did help on the Air also. But now, we feel very good about our yield management campaign, Tom. As we've said, we've made that a priority. And so it's a gradual process, but we're pleased to see the benefits of that.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then a follow-up, you were pretty helpful with the comments in currency impact in second half, $25 million a quarter. If the euro and exchange rates where they are today, what would the impact be in 2011? Presumably theres somewhat of a headwind. Is that another $50 million headwind or more or less than that?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we are pretty well-hedged for next year, although clearly over multiple years we cant be indifferent to it. So there is some risk to that. We're not ready yet to give any specific numbers, Tom, but the goal that we have is to not been indifferent to it. We think its too expensive to try to hedge away all volatility, but also to make sure that it never becomes the primary story.
D. Davis: Tom, our practice for the last decade has been to try to hedge a year in advance, and weve stuck with that practice.
Operator: Our next questionll come from the line of Mr. Edward Wolfe of Wolfe Trahan.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: I hate to pick apart of a nice-looking quarter, but if there's one thing that I look at here, the Domestic volume, up 1.2%, how do you think about that and particularly the Air, obviously, which domestically is weak? And what's in your guidance going forward in the second half for your volume expectations domestically?
D. Davis: Ed, we did guide this year that we thought that the Air business would underperform the Ground business. Clearly, last year we had the benefit of the overlap with DHL's retreat from the domestic market. Our guidance is not assuming any dramatic economic uptick. That was one of the things we wanted to make clear. But we do think that we will see our volumes somewhere around GDP growth rates for the remainder of the year. We get a little bit of a tailwind, frankly, in Q3 with the way the calendar hits. Fourth of July last year added an operating day to us without much extra volume. So there's a little bit of a tailwind there. So we do see third quarter volumes improving over the second quarter, and then the fourth quarter will depend a lot, certainly, on how the holidays turn out. But all in all, we're pretty confident that our volumes should be growing at GDP rates.
Kurt Kuehn: And on the other side, Ed, I think the numbers are little misleading because frankly, our Next Day Package business was pretty good in the quarter, where our Next Day Letters were down fairly significantly so that the Package business on the Air side was better than the overall results showed.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Can you give some numbers around that?
Kurt Kuehn: Oh, Next Day Package was up around 2%. So it actually did show some growth.
Operator: Our next question in queue will come from the line of Mr. Scott Malat of Goldman Sachs.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Following up on Eds question a little bit, I just wanted to better understand what you see kind of as the elasticity of demand. Maybe if you can help us think about, I think the volumes are fine where they are, but as you take up price, how are those accounts volumes versus accounts that you havent addressed yet, or are there any buying pattern changes in those accounts that youve addressed price?
D. Davis: No, so far, we've got pretty good success, we think that we are, as we said, our top priority for this year is stabilizing the pricing environment. So on the increment, there may be some accounts that plus or minus. But in general, we've been pleased with our ability to sustain rate increases without significant impact from our customers. So we do think the market will continue to grow gradually. We've been forecasting this being a gradual economic recovery, and I think, clearly, it's playing out that way. But we feel pretty good about our ability to sustain modest but substantial rate increases and at the same time, continue to grow with the economy.
Kurt Kuehn: I think generally the small package market didn't drop as much as the overall economy did during the recession. Into the recovery, I think you'll start seeing the small package market catch up to GDP and IT levels as we move through this recovery. So you'll see it get better.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then following up just on the volumes, maybe on inventory restocking last quarter, you said you were in the early stages. Should this be a tailwind as we continue to go forward or are most of the benefits behind us? Where are we on that?
D. Davis: I think we're just partway through this game. I think the inventory-to-sales ratio has gone up some but is still well below the prerecession levels. So I would think youre going to still see more restocking. I think we saw not quite as much in the second quarter as we saw in the first. But I expect to see that in the second half of the year continue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Scott, just following up on that, where is the confidence of the shippers? Are they moving to really start increasing that? I'm just wondering as we look forward to peak shipping season, what are your discussions like as shippers start to prepare for that?
D. Davis: It's early to talk I think on peak season in the U.S. I think you started to see some talk on the ocean side in heavy freight. You start to see that pick up. I think it's pretty good confidence out there that certainly the technology companies have had a banner 12 months, and I don't see that letting up in the near term. So I think it feels pretty good if B2C stays strong. We saw more improvement in B2B over the last quarter or two. So despite Chairman Bernanke saying all the usual uncertainty out there, I think overall, our shippers are still pretty good.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess when I look at the growth at the Ground, the 1.8% volume growth, is there a difference between what were seeing on that Parcel Direct there, that kind of direct-to-home versus what youre seeing on standard packages?
D. Davis: Historically, the B2C, the direct-to-home has significantly outgrown the B2B. We've actually seen those two growth rates equalize more and more. This has been more of a B2B recovery. And that's evidence of what Scott talking about with industrial production and some of those things. So this is probably as close as the two have been in a number of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Byde of HSBC.
Robin Byde - HSBC Global Research: Just a follow up on yields. On international domestic
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robin Byde of HSBC.
Robin Byde - HSBC Global Research: Just a follow-up on yields. On international and domestic yields, if weve got our numbers correct, I think you fell by about 5% in the quarter year-on-year. If that is correct, could you just explain the reasons for that, please?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Robin. Weve got one big event in there that makes it a little hard to really peel back whats going on in that, and that was our acquisition in Turkey that has dramatically increased our growth rates. The average yield in that country is far below the more developed markets of Europe and Canada. If you took out Turkey, we would actually show a slight positive for yield on our domestics. So we're very comfortable with the pricing in our domestics. We've actually been thrilled to see the substantial demand, even with Europe being the lions share of that, for our services. So that will wrap around next quarter. Third quarter, you will have half of Turkey comp in there and the other half. And then I think once we get past that, you'll see a more stable, maybe slightly increasing yield in our domestics. So its certainly not through price that we've been gaining this outside share.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Just a quick question. Can you give us the percentage of the business in the domestic market that's B2C?
D. Davis: Domestic U.S.? It runs about a third.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: So it hasnt really grown? Because I thought it had been growing faster. In the past, we sort of said it got a percent or so a year in share, if you will.
D. Davis: I think thats about right. I think its been over the last probably 20 years it's been going about a percent a year. So I don't think its changed dramatically.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: And how is that compared to Europe?
D. Davis: Bill, as I said, right now were actually seeing B2C and B2B growth fairly similarly, given the current economy. Europe would be a lower percentage. I don't have exact numbers, but it's certainly much lower. Our focus there has been more business-to-business, more focused on export, which tends to be more business-oriented. Although, clearly there's a lot of companies in Europe and a lot of global companies that are looking more and more B2C and that is a rapidly growing area.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Just a question on cash. I realize that you run a conservative balance sheet, but you're sitting on a lot of cash. And even some of the railroads are buying back more stock than you are, and I don't think we could say that they are more cash-positive than UPS. So I just don't understand that sort of conservatism that you're having relating to sort of stock buybacks and return of capital.
D. Davis: Bill, thanks for that question. And I tried to be explicit on it in my prepared remarks. But right now, our intention is to get our S&P outlook improved. They had concerns, given last year's results, of our funds flow from operation to debt margin. They gave us a benchmark. We're very confident we will meet that the benchmark this year way ahead of schedule. And until that point, our strategy is to repurchase enough stock to avoid dilution through our stock compensation. After that, we will revisit that, and certainly we have a commitment to return capital to share owners. And of course given where taxes are may make a difference also.
D. Davis: Absolutely. Certainly our distribution policy has been strong. Weve distributed most of our earnings the last several years. Well watch very closely what happens in Congress through the end of 2010 and figure out what happens on tax policy. And that certainly could impact the dividends versus share repurchase.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Matt Brooklier of Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Two questions; one international, the other domestic. You guys had some cautious commentary in your press release regarding kind of your outlook in Europe. I was just wondering if you could provide some more color there. Is it just you positioning yourselves for the potential for slowdown, or are you currently seeing a slowdown within that part of the world?
D. Davis: I actually think that Europe has been somewhat of a pleasant surprise based on all the media highlighted this year in sort of the [ph] sovereign debt crisis. In fact, I just came back from a conference with about 100 CEOs and we talked about Europe. And all of us are guarded about Europe just because all the unknown, but I think all of us are seeing pretty good business in Europe. In reality, I think the outlook for the Euro zone GDP has probably dropped from like a 1.5% growth rate to a 1% growth rate through all of this hoopla on the sovereign debt issue. So I don't think it's changed that dramatically, and certainly our business has been very strong. We talked about the digit growth in our European export products and you saw the growth in European domestic products. So it actually feels pretty good over there. We're going to be watchful and see what happens, but right now it feels pretty good in Europe.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: And on the Domestic Package side, I think Kurt mentioned some cost benefits and some cost minuses during the second quarter. I think I heard a $0.02 number. Can you just talk a little bit about what the net impact was there from a cost perspective and how do we think about operating margins with that Domestic Package going forward?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we did execute the lion's share of the restructuring and we did see a significant amount of expenses in the second quarter; things like relocations of training. Although, we also were able to get some of the labor savings a little quicker than our plan. So the net impact for Q2 was about a $0.02 headwind overall of cost. That will improve in the third quarter, where the amount of reloads [ph] begin to taper down. So it will be a very modest positive in the third quarter, and then in the fourth quarter, well see more of the benefit. But we do continue to estimate about a $0.10 a share benefit from the Domestic restructuring. That will be manifest for 2011. Clearly, it's one of the things we have going into next year that will be a positive. So the overall restructuring was the net positive $0.02 a share; a little better than, frankly, wed thought. But on top of that is just the ongoing benefit from the wide array of cost initiatives and network enhancements weve made. And that's why we're seeing three quarters in a row now where an aggregate, our comp in benefits, are increasing at a slower rate than our package volume.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: You've talking a lot about your International growth. And as you talk to your customers, do you think we're seeing a modal shift from ocean to air and how they think about managing their supply chain?
D. Davis: Yes, theres a little bit of that going on right now. I think right now, there is somewhat of an ocean squeeze. Containers are hard to get. And that, combined with the fact that there were a number of shippers last year that really got stretched late into the holiday season, that's why there was such an explosion in the forwarding activities. So we are seeing, I think, shippers plan ahead a little more, perhaps plan to use a little more air, clearly. The Air Forwarding and our Air Express businesses are growing very rapidly. So in general, my guess is there will be a little heavier concentration of air this year for the holidays.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: You talked about your customers trading up, and maybe it's along the same lines. Do you think this is a function of your customers really managing lean inventories and trying to manage their inventory situation?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I think we're getting back more to a normal environment. It's great to run very tight. It's great to use slower and lower cost modes, and during the midst of this recession, that was the priority. Customers had to reduce their balance sheet. They had to reduce their cost. Now that things are a little more stable, shippers are looking back at, How do I optimize? How do I make sure Ive got availability for goods without over-investing in inventory? And so that's where the more rapid services come in. So we're pleased to see that.
D. Davis: And clearly [ph] we talked earlier about inventory-to-sales ratios, and frankly, they were pretty low going into the recession. Theyre a lot lower now than they were when we went into the recession. So I think that will drive some of the trade-up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ms. Helane Becker of Dahlman Rose.
Helane Becker - Citi: So I appreciate all of the responses that you've given and I kind of think most of my questions have been answered. Just one clarification: Do you think that you're seeing somewhat of an uneven recovery with industrial businesses growing and consumer-related businesses maybe growing not as fast? Or consumers slowing down, but corporations growing faster?
D. Davis: I think the feeling is theres pretty good consensus that this will be a business-led recovery. I think that a pleasant surprise was probably in the first quarter on retail sales and the strength of the consumer. And in fact, the consumers probably doing a little better than any of us thought a year ago at this time. But I think this is a business-led recovery. And you'll see industrial production continue to grow faster than GDP overall, and thats driven up through the manufacturing side.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: I want to get your commentary on if you're seeing anything unusual in any of the markets from any competitors that you have? Anybody who's introduced new services, if they're being aggressive about how they're trying to maybe take some market share?
D. Davis: No, Art. I think the market has been very rational. I think internationally, we've seen stable pricing. I think all players had some challenges and they've been very rational. Domestically, the market is sluggish, I guess. The demand is not robust, but the pricing is rational. Clearly, the Post Office is wrestling with its financial issues. On the service side, FedEx has been expanding their global network. They're making a big deal of the 777 as its game-changer. I mean, that makes great press, but frankly, we're very comfortable with our 747-400 assets. So we can pretty much to go toe-to-toe. The 747 costs 40% to 50% less than a 777 from a capital perspective. And frankly, anything less than 4,500 miles, it has a substantial payload advantage and it pretty much matches the 777 for, say, Asia to Europe. But it's good. I mean, we want to compete on service and speed and quality. And so that's what makes the market a healthy one. So we see competition continuing normally. We're continuing to reinvest with technology, capacity and merging all of our capabilities. And that's one of the big stories where I think were really succeeding these days. Its all about the pieces of the UPS puzzle coming together. So all in all, we think the competitive environment is very positive. All providers are competing like crazy, but also being rational. And we don't expect robust economic recovery, and that's what we try to make clear, both in our prepared comments and our press release. But we think even in this modest environment, we can prosper and continue to raise profits substantially.
Kurt Kuehn: Probably the one area in the world that we're still paying attention to is China. And there's a lot of things going on in China. For example, the Chinese government is talking about consolidating the three airlines' cargo operations over there. And while that wouldnt have much impact on the Small Package side of things, it could impact our Freight Forwarding business where we use those airlines. So those are things that are kind of in the process of change, so we'll pay attention to.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: I wanted to ask about operating leverage. Obviously, a very strong quarter for operating leverage. You guys are showing more than you have in the past. Now, I would imagine things like trading up in products and some of the re-pricing of DHL business is helping that out. Can you talk a little bit to where we are in terms of those events in particular, and then also kind of where you think we are in terms of you guys being able to display this kind of operating leverage on a consistent basis in terms of costs coming back in the cycle?
D. Davis: Clearly, the environment stabilizing is a great help. I think we did numerous initiatives and we talked about us being able to keep the majority of those cost savings. We meant it, and I think you're seeing it. So we've been very pleased with the direct productivity with the network changes. Having the highly automated hub with tremendous capacity and Worldport continues to allow us to take aircraft out of the sky and replace smaller aircraft with larger aircraft. So we're seeing the network economies there. I talked a little bit about our assets around the globe. The 747-400 is a very capital-efficient asset that meets customer needs. I think one of the areas where we've not seen the operating leverage as much is in the wage arena. Clearly, with us continuing to improve productivity, we've not had a need to add many employees. So weve still not yet seen the latent benefits of the labor contract, whereas we began to grow and add employees. We will see lower average wage rates ripple through the network. So that's something we're looking forward to hopefully as the U.S. recovery becomes more robust. That should give us another leg in this operating leverage.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess not to harp on this, but following up on Bill Greene's question on the share repurchases. You guys have a lot of cash. Your balance sheet isn't over-levered. What's really the danger here for you guys to push ahead? Because it feels like, and maybe I'm getting ahead of myself, but waiting, you're obviously going to end up buying back the stock at a higher price. And I think shareholders would rather see you guys buying now rather than later. What's the downside consequence for just going ahead? If S&P were to downgrade you guys, what's the impact to the company?
D. Davis: I think theres very little likelihood of S&P downgrading us given the incredible momentum we've got. But we did basically tell them our intentions; to get those financial ratios robust. We think, given the expectation of our current momentum being far beyond even where we thought we were at the beginning of the year, that there's a good possibility that we will talk with them and have a little better view. So we're not totally beholding to them, but we also don't like the negative outlook. We don't think it's appropriate and we intended to demonstrate the financial capacity before we got more aggressive. But we committed five years ago to a policy of returning basically 100% of net income to shareowners, either in the form of share repurchase or dividends. I think Scott and I remain committed to that program. We do think that the stock is a bargain right now and hopefully we these results, well get that one little minor cloud cleared up and then we'll find what the best way to redistribute to shareowners is.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mr. David Ross of Stifel Nicolaus.
David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A first question on the purchase transportation. The costs were up significantly year-over-year in the quarter. I know a decent amount of that is fuel; some is volume increases. Can you just kind of talk about that line [indiscernible] a little bit? How much might be volume versus fuel versus network, adjustments where you bought purchase transportation instead of adding UPS capacity?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, that line has a lot of moving parts now, especially as weve become a larger and larger forwarder. So the single biggest impact is the substantial growth we had in our Forwarding unit. Tonnage was up about 30% in the quarter. And on top of that, rates are dramatically higher than they were last year. So the lion's share of that increase would be directly related to the Forwarding and the increased rates. Following that, certainly within our International business, we have a substantial amount of purchase transportation, either for agents or transportation. So with the dramatic 20% unit growth in International, that's also up. And then the smaller part domestically would be fuel and theres also [indiscernible] in there. So its really a relation of the Forwarding and International growth, both of which were in excess of 20%.
David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: In fact, congratulations on being named in the Presidents Export Council. Its good to hear that a business leader is actually on that Council.
D. Davis: Its very important, I think. We talked earlier about the need in the U.S. to get small business people to export. And I think the ability to help get out and train some of them on the ease of exporting. And weve identified 7,000 or 8,000 customers right now that export to just one country, and we're going to try to get them to go to at least two countries, and we think that's very possible. So I think it's very important for the country to get employment going again and to get small business exporting. We talked about 96% of the consumers outside the U.S. They need to understand that.
David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I understand. But do you think it's possible to double exports over the next five years, given current capacity constraints and trade policies?
D. Davis: Yes, I think that it will all go hand-in-hand. I guess it's stretched gold, but I think that we are going to have to get more accommodative trade policies. It starts with free trade agreements with Korea, Colombia and Panama, and that's certainly part of what we're trying to work on on the Council.
Kurt Kuehn: And I think a little closer to home, UPS is working like crazy to lowering the barriers to doing trade globally. That's why things like our paperless invoice, import control, all of that stuff, just trying to automate things that used to be very confusing for small and midsize customers. So that's why we're so obsessed with technology and the ease of use. If we make it easy and the government facilitates it, then we think there's a lot of latent capabilities in U.S. small business to grow.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Mr. John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just a question back on the Domestic volume growth. If we are in for a more protracted level of modest growth, this kind of 1%, 1.5%, maybe 2% GDP for a protracted period of time, the reorganization that you just completed in the Domestic Package business, is that enough cost reduction to sustain the margins where they were this quarter through a protracted period of maybe slower growth in the Domestic business?
Kurt Kuehn: I think, John, it's our intention to increase margins. So no, absolutely. We've aligned ourselves in a number of ways to be able to continue to get margins growing and back, hopefully over time, to where they were in our peaks. So from a peer cost perspective, absolutely. And I think there's also strategic positioning in our restructuring, maybe that Scott can talk about a bit.
D. Davis: I think part of the restructuring was all about going to the customer and getting local control over operations and our marketing. And I think that we're just getting to the beginning of that process. Were taking marketing to all the districts right now. It used to be done out of Corporate. Every one of our markets are somewhat different. And I think the fact that we have this expertise now, looking for different segments, looking at micro marketing, is going to help our business. And its not going to do it overnight. We're going to see more benefit in the second half of the year than we saw in the first half of the year. We'll see more benefit in 2011 than we saw in 2010. So I think its a combination. Sure, were going to save some costs, but I think the fact that we're giving more autonomy to our local operations, more decision-making to our local operations, will help us run a better business.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: The one thing I was a little bit surprised about in your answers in terms of the use of cash and the return of it, there wasnt a lot of discussion there on maybe some of your growth initiatives or your acquisition outlook. Could you elaborate a little bit on that in terms of where that fits in the whole scheme of use of cash on a go-forward basis?
D. Davis: Clearly, John, we're going to be looking at opportunities [indiscernible] business. And I said many times before, our focal points are really going to be on the International Package business, starting with Asia and then probably Central and Eastern Europe. Clearly there are opportunities out there that fit our needs, that add to our strengths as far as capabilities or lanes that we need to strengthen. Well take advantage of that. So that never is far from our couriers just using cash [ph]. We're always looking at the right acquisitions. In the Freight Forwarding/Logistics world, again, if we find areas that will fortify trade lanes or add capabilities and logistics, we'll take a look at those also. So its a combination certainly of acquisitions, investing into the business and distributing cash to shareowners.
Kurt Kuehn: John, our outlook though for cash flow is very positive for the next couple of years, with the completion of our Worldport air hub with the, really, replenishment and replacement of all the older aircraft in our fleet. Our capital needs for the next few years are going to be significantly below the trend, even with strong growth. So we are just in a good position of having a lot of choices right now with what we do with discretionary cash. And certainly, growth would be the top priority.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mr. Chris Ceraso of Crdit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG: A couple of items. In your view, is any of the strength that you're seeing, particularly in the International volumes, reflective of maybe shippers looking to get ahead of the curve a little bit with regard to peak season because theyre worried about capacity availability?
D. Davis: Yes, Chris, I do think that there may be some of that. And that was part of my intention in my comments talking about the ocean squeeze and some of that. I think a number of our customers, and this is direct from our sales customers, did feel exposed last peak season and got in a jam. Thats why there was such chaos trying to get goods out of Asia in late November and December. And so there's a little bit of that not this time mentality. So we do think that people are pushing stuff through a little earlier. And as they see the constraints on the ocean side, then it may make for an earlier air peak season also.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Do you think enough of that is happening that it will alter somewhat the normal seasonality as we go through the balance of the year?
Kurt Kuehn: I don't know. I think right now, its way too early to afford to be impacting air freight, but air freight continues to be strong. So it will be an interesting year, I think, as we come back. Assuming the economy stays reasonably strong, then it could be a fairly interesting time as there is some backlog, I think, on the ocean side already. The slow steaming, in effect, takes substantial capacity out. So a lot of companies that wouldn't normally think about using air freight earlier in the holiday season have been talking about that.
Christopher Ceraso - Crdit Suisse AG: And then a follow-up. To the extent you're having high level discussions with customers about export and their strategic outlook, do you get any sense from customers that they are waiting for more clarity either on the policy front or the legislative front to make investments or to grow their businesses? Are people kind of sitting on their hands waiting for the government to kind of settle out?
Kurt Kuehn: I think, clearly, policy uncertainty is one of the worst things for a recovery. And I think that the sooner we get some of these issues resolved, whether it be energy, weve got healthcare I guess somewhat resolved at this point in time, the sooner small businesses will get to spend their money again and bring in hired employees. So there's no doubt that policy uncertainty is an issue out there. We need to resolve that to get this recovery going full-steam.
Operator: And our last question in queue will come from the line of Mr. Chris Combe of Exane.
Christopher Combe - Exane SA: I had a follow-up to Robin's question on European, both international, domestic and export yields. You gave some color x Turkey. Could you also give us some sense of how much of an FX effect you had, given the quite a significant impact from Q1 and some euro-dollar development, and if anything worked against your favor a bit?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. Actually, due to the impact of our hedging, the currency was actually not a huge impact. But we do show currency-adjusted yields. Export yields do show increases. Without currency, it would be just a little bit lower. So no, we're seeing very good strength on our export side, good pricing power, and also the increased weight. The other big thing that's happened, and we saw a little bit of a shift, the Transcontinental, the Europe-Asia to U.S., really was stronger than the intraregional shipments. And typically, the yields on those long-distance flights are much higher. So all in all, very strong pricing and we're very comfortable that those trends will continue.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Co: And just one quick follow-up. In terms of the trade-up effect that you referred to, are you seeing any signs of that within the European market?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we are actually. In Europe, we offer this very integrated range of services from standard to express with no time commitment or afternoon commitments and early morning. And we are seeing a little bit of a shift across all of those up, just as the economy heats up. And frankly, as we work with customers in Europe to help them re-align their supply chains, you reduce your warehouses and you use a little more speed in your transportation network. So that trend has also helped the yield.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session today. I will now turn the program back over to Mr. Andy Dolny.
Andy Dolny: Yes, I'm going to turn it over to Scott for final comments.
D. Davis: xxx Thanks, Andy. By any measure, UPS produced a great quarter. While we've made good progress across all the business units, we still have a lot more to accomplish. The UPSs around the world will continue to work extremely hard to help our customers compete in the growing global marketplace. And as a result, were very excited about the outlook for UPS' future. Thanks so much for joining us today, and we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call, the UPS Second Quarter Earning Call. On behalf of today's panel, I'd like to thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - VP IR Scott Davis - CEO Kurt Kuehn - CFO
Analysts:  Gary Chase - Barclays Capital Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company Ken Hoexter - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research Robin Byde - HSBC Securities Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont Securities Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Matt Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company
Operator: Good morning, my name is Robert, and Ill be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise and after the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. Please note, we will take one question and one follow-up question from each participant. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. In a moment, Scott Davis, our CEO; and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO will discuss first quarter results and expectations going forward. Before they begin, however, Ill briefly review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2009 Form 10-K report.  This report is available on the UPS Investor Relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's call is being webcast and will also be available on our Investor Relations website. I want to remind you about three adjustments we made to first quarter results. A $98 million pre-tax restructuring charge related to the reorganization of the U.S. Domestic Package segment. A $38 million pre-tax loss on a sale of the supply chain business and a $76 million, non-cash charge to income tax expense resulting from a change in the tax filing status of a German subsidiary.  These charges reduced net income by $175 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.18. In addition in last years first quarter there was a $181 million aircraft impairment charge which resulted from the retirement of our DC-8 fleet. The after tax impact of this charge was a $116 million or $0.12 per share. In their remarks today Scott and Kurt will refer to UPS results excluding the impact of these charges. Since we believe this is a more accurate picture of the companys performance. A reconciliation of these adjustments to comparable GAAP measures is explained in the schedules that companied our earnings news releases this morning. The schedules are also available on the UPS Investors Relations website in the financial section. In addition during the call we refer to free cash flow which is a non-GAAP financial measure. A Reconciliation is included in the news announcement this morning and his available on the UPS Investors Relations website. To begin our review of the quarter I will turn the program over to Scott for opening comments.
Scott Davis:  Thanks Andy and good morning everyone. Last quarter I mentioned that UPS was well positioned to take advantage of improving global economic trends. That we have the ability to manage effectively, in response to changing market conditions. This quarter UPS started to prove it, economies around the world are showing signs of recovery. Experts are providing more upbeat forecasts then they were a few months ago. Conditions are slowly starting to improve and UPS first quarter results illustrated our ability to take advantage of these trends. In the quarter, UPS achieved better than expected growth in volume, revenue and profit. In particular, the International Package segment really shined. Youre seeing how our global product portfolio provides benefits to our customers and our share owners alike. Our strong management team quickly capitalized on this growth, while still controlling costs and we saw the operating leverage inherent in the UPS network. Also in the quarter, two significant infrastructure projects came to fruition, each strategically enhancing in our network. We opened the second phase of our Worldport expansion ahead of schedule and under budget. This enables UPS to continue to reduce operations in regional air hubs and fly a larger more fuel-efficient aircraft. In addition, we began operating our new intra-Asia air hub in Shenzhen, China. This hub allows UPS to better serve our customers by reducing time in transit for 100s of city pairs in the area. These projects required significant capital commitment and will enhance customer service, provide better access to international markets and improve efficiencies for UPS around the globe. In February, the administration announced the National Export Initiative, which UPS strongly endorses. It has always been our firm belief that increasing global trade is the best way to stimulate economic recovery and to create jobs. We intend to work with the Presidents team in any way we can on this new important endeavor. Since the beginning of the year, UPS has received wide ranging recognitions. The company was named most admired in our industry by Fortunes, one of the top ten most referable companies by Forbes, one of the hundred best corporate citizens and one of the top ten global companies in Climate Innovation.  UPS was also recognized for our work with women and minority owned companies. Now while words are gratifying whats important to us is the scope of whats being recognized. These accolades are testaments to the UPS culture that benefits all of our stakeholders. They are also a testament to our people and I want to take the moment to commend UPSers around the world for their focus during the quarter. Our U.S domestic restructuring is well under way and the new regional and district structure is operational. Everyone is doing a tremendous job, managing the business through these changes. Let me also recognize our European and Airline partners for the outstanding work they did over the last two weeks, in response to the challenges caused by the volcanic eruptions in Iceland. Our product portfolio and extensive European air and ground network enabled us to modify operating plans and limit customer inconvenience. This was a job well done. Now Ill turn the program over Kurt to review the operations. 
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, Scott, and good morning. Well its certainly enjoyable to have a quarter like this one to discuss with you. Revenue was up 7%, operating profit up 31% and earnings per share up 37% with margin expansion in every segment. The better than expected results stem from stronger operating performance in each segment than we had anticipated, yield improvement and operating leverage across the enterprise.  Im pleased with our ability to manage cost and increase productivity as volume began to increase. Compensation and benefit expense increased only 1.7%, while our consolidated volume was up 2.7%. Now, lets look at the segments, starting with the U.S. domestic package operations. Operating profit jumped 17% on a 2% revenue gain. This increase was driven by higher yields, stabilizing volume, network enhancement and good execution. As a result, operating margin was 9.3%, an increase of 120 basis points. Our average daily volume increased less than 1%. This was the first quarter, since the end of 07 with positive year-over-year growth. The increase in U.S. domestic volume was driven entirely by ground, outperforming the air products as expected. The 2% improvement in revenue per piece was the strongest, since the third quarter of 2008. It reflects retention of a greater portion of the general rate increase and higher fuel surcharges.  Base pricing was up in both air and ground and we expect this positive trend to continue through 2010, especially in our air products. Once again, our operations team demonstrated our ability to further optimize our networks by reducing direct labor hours, miles driven and block hours and this was accomplished while going through a significant restructuring within our U.S. operations. In the quarter, UPS continued using technology to improve efficiency and provide even better customer service with the introduction of UPS Smart Pickup. This industry first application ensures that UPS drivers stop for packages only when a customer actually needs that service. The process is easy, automated and transparent for customer and driver alike and will eliminate an estimated 8 million miles of driving annually.  Let's turn now to the international business, where operating profit soared 45% to $427 million on an 18% increase in revenue. Operating profit for this segment approached our historical first quarter peak. In the quarter, UPS experienced balance growth across all geographies and products. A combination of higher volumes from existing customers and new customer wins. Total average daily volume was up 18% with export volume increasing more than 9%. All major regions of the world experienced export volume improvements. Asia led the way up over 20% followed by the U.S. and Europe both of which showed strong year-over-year gains. During the quarter, we also experienced the lengthening of our trade lanes as inter regional trade picked up. As evidence by the 37% volume increase in our Asia to Europe lane. Yields improved 5% reflecting firm pricing, positive currency impact and increased fuel surcharges. The 24% gain in non-U.S. domestic volumes was helped by our acquisition in Turkey last August.  However, organic growth was 13% powered by strength in our core European markets. This strong improvement was against the backdrop of a weak euro zone economy. UPSs presence in domestic markets outside the U.S. also enables many opportunities to gain export volume. In fact the substantial percent of our non-U.S. domestic customers also use UPS for their export needs, taking advantage of our broad portfolio.  International operating margins increased 310 basis points, 16.2%. This resulted from leverage due to increased volumes and benefits from network and productivity improvements implemented last year. Good control of both operating and non-operating costs produced leverage in our results. Now for the Supply Chain & Freight segment. Revenue increased 14% and operating profit more than doubled, the Logistics business was the primary driver of the profit increase, logistics continued to experience strong growth and profitability gains in healthcare and high-tech.  During the quarter we ware proud that data monitor recognized UPS, as number one in Supply Chain outsourcing for 2009. This award validates the progress that we've made in building our unique Supply Chain management capabilities. Boarding experienced strong tonnage increases although demand moderated slightly from the fourth quarter, the industry capacity constraints did lessen slightly resulting in sequential improvements in operating margin. We implemented revenue management plans in the quarter which will improve margins going forward.  On the LTL front, UPS freight remains committed to its strategy at targeted growth in the middle market. As a result revenue per 100 weight increased 10% and LTL revenue was up almost 6%. Even with modest declines in both shipments and tonnage. This business unit showed solid improvement over last year although it still operated a slight loss. We expect it to be profitable for the year. Now, as I usually do I want to emphasize the very strong financial foundation that supports to UPS. In the quarter we generated $1.3 billion in free cash flow even after $630 million in accelerated pension contributions over last year. UPS also invested $280 million in capital expenditures paid dividends of 470 million, reflecting a 4.4% dividend increase and spent $260 million to repurchase over 4 million shares. Lastly we ended the quarter with 3.1 billion in cash and marketable securities.  Because of the strong first quarter and improvement in the global economic outlook we raised our expectations for earnings per share this year to a range of $3.05 to $3.30. This is a 32% to 43% increase over last years results.  The year-over-year change in earning should remain fairly consistent across each quarter, with the fourth quarter showing a lower increase due to a more challenging year-over-year comparison. Looking at the segments, for the full year U.S. domestic average daily volume should improve gradually with ground out performing air. We expect yields to strengthen as the year progresses, resulting in significant margin expansion for 2010. Keep in mind now as we continue with the U.S. restructuring we will incur additional costs for relocation and training. Most of which will occur during the second quarter, these items which are included in our guidance will negatively impact earrings by $0.03 to $0.05 in the quarter, constraining margin improvement somewhat. In our international segment we anticipate UPS export volume to continue outpacing market growth and non- U.S. domestic growth should remain strong but remember we will lap the date of our Turkish acquisition in August. We expect international operating profit to show strong growth and reflect typical seasonal patterns. Our supply chain and freight segment should generate gradual sequential improvement in operating margins. With the full year margin of at least 5% on about 10% revenue growth, to summarize we had an excellent quarter in which we successfully transitioned from a recessionary to a recovery environment.  Going forward were determined to sustain the enhancements weve made to our cost structure. We will continue to invest for the future while remaining focused on disciplined profitable growth and were very confident that our diversified global portfolio will help us capitalize on the many growth opportunities ahead. Thanks for your attention, and now Scott and I would be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Gary Chase from Barclays Capital.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital:  Kurt, when you were talking about the yield outlook and Domestic Package you noted base gains on the air side and I think the comment you made was, you expect those to continue through the reminder of the year and you said especially in air wondered if you could just elaborate a little bit on what you think is driving that?
Kurt Kuehn:  Well, Gary clearly as you know the stabilizing our yields and rationalizing our pricing its been a big priority of ours and its an activity thats well underway and we feel pretty confident in the results, you are starting to see some of the benefits of that.  We have also seen in our Next Day Air business some strengthening on the weights and typically our Next Day Air package business is one of the most economically sensitive. So it also should add to the top line yields, but were continuing with, a disciplined process of looking at customers and making sure were pricing per value and at the same time growing the business. So we feel pretty comfortable that the environment on pricing will remain rational and clearly were executing towards that.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: Then on the expense side, if we take a look at the expenses you reported in the quarter and Im assuming that the $38 million loss on sales from SCS was in the other expense line. It looked very low for the quarter and just wondered if you could give us a sense of what drove that and if its sustainable looking forward at, are we on a new run rate?
Kurt Kuehn: We implemented a number of initiatives those last 18 months or so in response to the economic conditions and so, we do feel pretty good that our other expenses are in good shape. Depreciation and amortization is up a little bit as we operated Worldport with some of the investments weve got.  The big growth areas in general and our other costs are purchase transportation and fuel, which is one related to the lot of expense in our freight forwarding and the other just a commodity cost. The other expenses has a lot of line items, if you take out the one-time events, its probably down about 8%, and thats things like expense accounts claims as our network runs very efficiently supplies. It may not maintain at that level, but we do certainly intend to sustain the reductions weve made and control all those cost items, so thats the balancing act that were managing right now.
Scott Davis: Yeah last year Gary that other, other expenses had that aircraft impairment in it too if youd recall that $118 million?
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from the line of Nathan Brochmann from William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company: I wanted to talk a little bit, youd mentioned particularly in the air international business talking about benefits from both new customers as well as existing customers. I was wondering if you can give us a little bit of flavor in terms of the balance between the two and kind of what youre seeing particularly on the trends of the existing customer base?
Kurt Kuehn: Weve been thrilled with the substantial growth we have really seen early across the globe and weve really had two big initiatives in our sales execution internationally. One is focused more on conversion sales, then perhaps in the past, we still remain a small player typically 10% to 15% share in most markets.  So there is tremendous upside for us to help customers migrate over to UPS and we have seen great momentum there. And then the other is to increase our share wallet the advantage of our broad integrated portfolio as customers can move up and down that portfolio and thats we have also seen that happening as things begin to turn.  So even with the economies still suspect especially in Europe we are seeing very good organic growth on existing customers as they began to use a greater portion of our portfolio. 
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Great and also next question in terms of just talking about, you could talk about what fuel surcharges can of added into the total yield for the quarter and also how you think that might impact the ability to special line those price increases how that you mentioned earlier?
Kurt Kuehn: Yeah fuel surcharges were a modest benefit to revenue really on the P&L side there was no benefit actually slight headwind because of the increase in the commodity cost. It will be more substantial in Q2, because actually at this time last year there were zero surcharges on the air side, so there will be much more substantial comps in Q2. But right now with the surcharges in the single digit it really isnt the significant impact on demand or customer push back. Clearly couple of years ago when things spiked then it became a much bigger deal in the overall actuation. But right now we think its things are pretty stable on that front. 
Operator: Next will go to the line of Ken Hoexter from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Kurt can you talk a bit about the maybe the pent up use of express and now that youve talked a bit about the transition. What levels could we see that express tampered down while you start to see that growth in the ground again?
Kurt Kuehn: Right now we are seeing some trade up, especially in our Next Day package environment, actually our Next Day letters is slightly negative things like refinancing and some of those activities are down. So, on the product side the express package we are seeing in pretty good growth and that we think as part of perhaps the beginning of some restocking and some increased urgency. So we feel that that will remain performing about the average of the product the package will.  The ground side is a little more coincidental we have seen that pickup sequentially, but it should move more in line with your overall economy.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I'm sorry maybe I didn't see it clear enough, because it sounds like you're saying that it was up, but Next Day was down almost 4%. Right, so?
Kurt Kuehn: The package performed much better the majority of that declined really was the letter impact with things like refinancing and some of the financial industry down.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Understood. My follow up question would be on the LTL side. Your yields were up your volumes were down in a period where you would have anticipated the ability to take significant share. Can you, but you also know the profitability was or would be there. Can you talk a bit about the strategy and how much volumes you can see in that market or what do you turned away, talk a bit about your strategy there?
Kurt Kuehn: Ken, weve been pretty consistent, I think following a very disciplined strategy of targeting what we consider to be the sweet spot of UPS, which is the broad middle segment of customers with ease of use technology access and so what youre seeing is a mix shift in which the smaller customers are growing and some of the larger ones perhaps are not.  So yes, we are very proud of the revenue per 100 weight of 9.5% positive even with fuel surcharge, its still substantially positive. So we feel very comfortable this is not a time to aggressively gain share and as youve seen most of the players suffer from that.  So were going remain focused on the knitting, we think weve got a superior value proposition. We find the ability for customers to move seamlessly between our ground our 100 weight and our LTL services as a real value and allows them to save money. So were being careful in this industry and theres risk if you get to aggressive.
Scott Davis: Yeah, certainly Ken the LTL industry has struggled and its still struggling. We see sings of it starting to stabilize and starting to improve, but were going to stay with rationale pricing and wait those markets start to stabilize.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Edward Wolfe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: Thanks, good morning. Kurt, just back to the last question, if I look at domestic air volumes are down 2.2 and they were up 3.5 and 1.2 in prior two quarters year-over-year. I know you are saying on the letter side, but did something change because it feels like the market if anything is getting less worse, maybe youre getting more disciplined in calling some of that DHL business out or how do we think about that?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, Ed I wouldnt put too finer point on one quarter data point, I mean we did successfully grow last year and gained share. We are being a little more disciplined. So on the increment, there may be some accounts that come or go as we look at that. But we feel very good about our positioning in the air market. We have lapped the DHL departure, so we do expect the overall air business to under perform the ground. So its a combination I think of yield management and also just the overlapping of the tailwind from the DHL departure.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: Okay, and share repurchases youve talked about having less CapEx and more free cash can you talk a little bit about the timing of when you might get more aggressive on buying back stock?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, I mean our overall goal for this year is to buy enough shared to offset dilution. We did accelerate a little bit of purchases end of the first quarter and bought four little over 4 million shares which is above our burn rate but our goal still for this year anyway is basically to purchase at that level.  I think as we look towards the end of the year, clearly if the momentum continues the cash flow were generating and our earnings are increasing at a substantial rate and we clearly will revisit that policy. So it would be something wed look towards the end of the year and perhaps get guidance in 2011.
Scott Davis: Both share repurchase Ed and dividend policy and reinvesting the business will balance all those as we move forward, but the cash flow outlook does look extremely good.
Operator: Thank you we will now go to the line of Robin Byde from HSBC Securities.
Robin Byde - HSBC Securities: Just on this issue of purchase transport patient costs, these were up 24% year-on-year. How much of this cost is that 540 related and what are you seeing in April, are buying rates starting to soften again after the mini boost?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, the purchase transportation clearly the supply chain and freight is the majority of that 70% to 80%, probably and thats the combination of increased tonnage and the substantial increase in buy rates as you mentioned Robin. We have seen rates stabilize I guess so at least some of the big spike we saw at the end of the fourth quarter has moderated, but I mean its still a very healthy market right now and were seeing the benefits of that on our asset based side and were managing through it on a forwarding side. So we arent really seeing a decline in rates and clearly the disruptions in Europe, perhaps of greater blimp in the short-term anyway on that front also, but we do expect the rates to remain fairly strong this year.
Scott Davis: Yes, the other side of the equation, Robin. We are doing a better job just getting the rates on the sales side and forwarding. So the other side of the equation, were seeing some strengthening also.
Robin Byde - HSBC Securities: So the balance is getting itself out?
Scott Davis: Thats correct.
Operator: Next moving to the line of Tom Wadewitz from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: I wanted to ask a question about, I guess the demand outlook. It seems that the transport data points have been pretty firm in first quarter and particularly an acceleration in March and a good outlook in April from a lot of the other transports. Wondering if you could talk about maybe the progression through the quarter and if youre seeing a similar trend that would lead you to more optimism about the Domestic Package volume growth in second quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: Well as always Tom, there were a few blips during the quarter that make the trends a little harder to separate out, February had some fairly severe weather, especially in the Northeast that depressed it, some of that rolled into March. In general weve seen a gradual improvement over the course of the quarter and really that momentum has continued into April, but it isnt a I wouldnt call it a dramatic improvement. I think its just a slow recovery and Im speaking primarily in the U.S. So we are seeing things firm, but at a fairly measured pace. 
Scott Davis: In general, Tom, in the U.S., were still not in a robust economy. Its getting better, youre probably going to see 2.5% year-over-year GDP in the first quarter and probably similar on the IP side, but for the year were pretty optimistic, we think the industrial production should grow over 4%. So it should improve as the year goes on. 
Kurt Kuehn: Conversely we have seen very strong results on the global trade side, our shipments out of Asia were up over 20% this quarter and exports for both U.S. and Europe remain strong, so we are very pleased to see the global trade linkage. I mentioned the dramatic increase almost 40% in Asia to Europe, so its good to see those lanes coming back strong, so we are going to adapt our network and be where the action is on those things and youve seen I think pretty dramatic demonstration of our ability to capitalize on this improving growth both within our domestic operations outside the U.S. and in our export operations.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Okay, great and I guess the follow up on the yield side I know there are a number of moving parts in your yields which sometimes makes it a little trickier to kind of figure out what base price is doing. Can you give any sense on the air express yields in particular what was the greatest impact in terms of base price, fuel surcharge and mix?
Kurt Kuehn: Yeah, we are seeing positive base price trends on the both the air and the ground side so that is a improvement certainly on both and most notably on the air side. The weight was up modestly on the next day express I talked to that and thats positive. So that contributed somewhat. And then fuel surcharge gave a bit of a boost probably between 1%, 1.5% something like that on the net fuel surcharge for the air.  We think all three of those trends, Tom, will continue stronger into the year. We think our revenue management efforts will continue to pay dividends we think weight will improve in the air and also we expect to see more weight on the ground and we have been very pleased with our progress on the revenue management side, so thats why we feel pretty bullish on domestic pricing across all the products. 
Operator: Thank you, we have a question now from the line of Scott Malat from Goldman Sachs please go ahead. 
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs: Good morning thanks, just if we take a step back it just seems that many are surprised you are able to leverage improving volumes as well as you are? Can you just help us put into perspective this cycle may be versus some historical where may be incremental margins might not have been a strong as you are seeing here?
Kurt Kuehn: Well I think its a couple of factors. I think frankly one is that we took a bigger hit this year, the recession we are coming out of was by far more severe than any in recent history. So the degree of the penalty was substantial and we also feel that as a result of that there is more bounce back. Also I think we have worked extremely hard to find all the areas of refinement we can in the network.  Weve got new technology in place operationally, weve got new assets in place, the Worldport has done substantial improvements on our network and a very strong focus across the company. So we feel pretty confident that with a little bit of tailwind from the economy and our operational changes well see great benefit.
Scott Davis: And you definitely saw in international, I mean clearly we showed tremendous leverage in the quarter nearing peak, first quarter of operating earnings in the first quarter so thats great improvement domestically in the U.S. As I said earlier weve not seen that robust economy, we didnt see a lot of volume growth. So I got some benefit on average wage rates that they will get a lot more as we get into bigger growth, so if IP does grow at 4% which leads to better domestic volume youll see lower effective wage rate increases which will obviously lead to better domestic margins down the road. 
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs: Thats helpful thanks, just the other one that I had was just on Asian regulatory, just been a number of signs that China policy is making it more difficult for foreign companies to work in China. Seems like the import, export business to be the one that the Chinese government would be less apt to over regulate, but can you talk about working in and around China, what are your expectations for regulatory environment?
Scott Davis: I think that it really has not changed much in the way in import and export. I think that we have had a good relationship working with the Chinese government in that area, as youre seeing by the volumes that have been generated in express industry, I think all the multinationals are doing pretty well. Kurt talked about our strong growth of 20% in the last quarter, its a little more difficult when you compete domestically, I think that there is more protectionism, if you will, when you compete within the borders of China, and thats going to be a challenge. We talked about in the past we are going to go about that deliberately and patiently, but we will compete domestically down the road.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Jon Langenfeld from Robert W. Baird & Co.
Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Hi, this is Ben Hartford in for Jon. Wondering if we could just conceptually talk about the operating leverage this quarter, the way that you guys look at it. What was the primary driver that split evenly between pure volume growth pricing and the cost takeouts or did one have a greater impact this quarter than the other?
Kurt Kuehn: Certainly, this story is a little different in different business units. I think, for international it is, showing what strong volume growth does through a efficiently set up network and thats where we saw really the breakthrough results there. Domestically, there was not as much of a tailwind on the volume side, so we made up for it with productivity and network refinements.  Our overall direct labor hours were down 4%, and thats again slightly improved volumes. Our miles driven with our network alignments were down 3% and we had almost a 10% reduction in block hours in our domestic network. So a lot of changes, a lot of tightening and so were seeing substantial margin improvement even without the tailwind of substantial volume growth, And as Scott mentioned if the U.S. economy continues to firm then that just gives us another tailwind and we are able to leverage some other economies like the wage rate improvement in the growing environment.  
Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co.: On the domestic side, I think you eluded to, you expect the shipping rates to improve through the balance of the year, was there a meaningful change during the quarter did we see a trend either way in shipment weights?
Kurt Kuehn: Really, the story for the quarter was stabilizing weights on the ground and firming rates in our express package environment. So we do expect that the ground will begin to show positive growth sequentially going forward.
Operator: Thank you, we have a question now from the line Bill Greene from Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, good morning. I just have a couple of questions on data points. Domestic growth in B2C, how much was that, how much was UPS basic up as well?
Kurt Kuehn: B2C modestly outperformed B2B. Bill, actually most notable as been the recovery of B2B and actually thats one of the drivers of improved margins within our domestic business for the quarter. 
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Sorry, but you said B2C was up more then B2B, nonetheless. 
Kurt Kuehn: Yeah, historically it has been by a substantial amount; that gap narrowed this quarter. So the combination of basic and our traditional residential services were up above average for the ground but the GAAP has in some cases been double digit and it was much tighter this quarter, so we are continuing to see modest growth on our B2C. That business is very well positioned, but more exciting for us is the commercial volume showing more signs of life. 
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: When you talk to your customers about where their inventory levels are, do you sense that they are far along in their efforts to restock or where do you think they are in that process? 
Scott Davis: Bill, this is Scott. I think there is quite a ways to go still. They are in the early stages of restocking and I think that just based on demand and based on some, were seeing that people are urgent to get shipments there. Were seeing a little bit more demand on the express side. So I think weve got ways to go; we are in the early stages of restocking.
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Helane Becker from Jesup & Lamont Securities. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont Securities: Thank you very much, operator. Thanks gentlemen for taking my question. I have two very unrelated questions, one I was wondering if you could just comment on the volcanic ash in the closings in Europe, I didnt see anything in what you put out this morning about that, so maybe you could comment on that.  And my other question is completely unrelated to that. Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal had an article or an editorial about Brown Bailout, with your competitor Brown Bailout. I was wondering if you could just comment on that at all and kind of your thoughts with respect to your position on whats going on with FedEx being so aggressive in trying to get that provision changed? Thank you.
Scott Davis:  Helane, this is Scott, I will start up with the volcanic ash and clearly the period from April 14 to April 20 was quite turbulent as we all know. We were able to continue to provide pick up and delivery service and re-routed open flights to other parts of Europe that were opened during that period.  And we really are blessed with having an extensive European ground network that allowed us to really continue to provide transporter domestic service with really minimal delays to our customers. April 21, we actually opened up our Cologne hub and actually had unprecedented volumes, above last years peak as you would expect trying to catch up for the period where you couldnt get into and out of Europe.  At this point in time, we really are now caught up and were back on track. So I think weve done a very good job, our customers are pleased with the service offerings being able to help through to this period, but it was quite turbulent, to say the least. The actual financial impact is too early to tell, we think its somewhat immaterial to the company, but it's how much volume is lost, how much production was lost during that period of time, I think its going to take us a few weeks to figure that out and so well talk about that in the next earnings call.  The second question, the RLA issue, I guess let me start out by saying UPS supports the passage of the FAA reauthorization bills quickly as they possibly can. This bill is important to the entire country. As you know it provides us funding for more than 150,000 jobs and also much needed safety in aviation system modernization initiatives.  So it's really important that we get this thing done for the country. Regarding the RLA amendment, I think this audience clearly knows the two companies, knows UPS, knows Federal Express, and knows that our companies provide similar services and provide services to similar customers and do a lot of the same things. Its actually illogical that the two companies should be governed under different labor laws. Our point here clearly is that the expressed divers do the same jobs for both companies, they should be governed under the same law.  What will happen, whatll be the outcome of this legislation, its still not clear whether it is going to a conference committee or will be handled differently through Congress, but certainly we are optimistic we will get this thing done but most important is that we get this FAA reauthorization bill passed. 
Operator: Next we will go to the line of Justin Yagerman from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: I guess the first question is on domestic restructuring. You talked a little bit about the potential impacts of the second quarter, but I was wondering, as we look out over the year whether there are other significant costs that we should be thinking about, as we move through the remainder of, this or does it basically curtail at the end of the second quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, Justin, clearly the second quarter will be the big predominant expense. Thats really the time at which the vast majority of our people that we have repositioned will be relocating substantial amounts of retraining expenses and other realignments and facilities changes. So thats why we really pulled out second quarter and said that it would be about a $0.03 to $0.05 headwind in the second quarter. Having said that though, we, following that, the cost will begin to taper down and will not be as material and would likely not be called out it all and the savings for the third and fourth quarter will significantly offset any remaining expenses. So it is a big deal for us in Q2. We were very pleased though with the fairly seamless process that happened in Q1, that was one of our areas of concern about our ability to operate through Q1 effectively and I know that there were some discussions about our guidance in Q1, so we have been thrilled with how smooth that went, how well our operations continued even with this major change going.
 :
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: Alright and then looking at the LTL yield, obviously an impressive number given the environment, but just curious if you could comment around, weight per shipment was down 1.5%. So obviously that was somewhat helpful to the yield number and I am just curious you kind of alluded to the ability for customers to trade around between 100 weight product and your LTL product, so how much of domestic ground do you think is kind of making its way on the lighter end.  Im on the heavier end of domestic ground and on the lighter end of LTL into the LTL network and may be providing some of that benefit there.
Kurt Kuehn: I dont you know it moves both ways. Frankly, thats the whole point as it gives the customer the ability to choose, so as you look at the very light end of the LTL business those shipments tend to not be very profitable or effective and LTL and there are much better served in package and conversely as you get shipments 500 pounds or more. In the package it frequently is better to move those in the palate. So not a real big pull either direction, I mean the issue of the yield is primarily that we are targeting small to midsize customers that weve been very disciplined frankly not chasing the market share grab that has created havoc in the industry and that we are creating some very substantial value, guaranteed shipments of superb visibility, integrated shipping systems. We really think were building a very high value process and its great to see the validation of it. 
Operator: Next well go to line on Matt Brooklier from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
Matt Brooklier - Piper Jaffray: Hi, thanks Good morning guys. My question pertains to on the international package division and the operating margins there, if we look at the continuing out margin and international package in the first quarter, it was actually down very modestly from Fourth quarter and it looks like and it feels like volumes actually strengthened throughout first quarter. I was wondering if there was anything, any incremental cost that you guys incurred during first quarter potentially may be adding some flights into the network as volume strengthened or anything incremental from a cost side that would have hindered you know you guys doing a better margin than international package during first quarter versus fourth quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: So the biggest issue is just the normal seasonal fluctuation, I mean Q1 is not usually your bang up quarter for transportation and international is the same. So I would factor that out and I think comparing quarters-to-quarters, actually Q1 was higher performance as I think Scott mentioned, we got very close to peak operating profits in Q1, compared that to our strongest period, so we feel very good about that.  We did indeed add in some block hours, I think as our International block hours are up something like 8% over last year at this time, so thats a good thing, that was our affiliate revenue and were happy to do it. Its a combination of some routine routes added back in and also a significant number of extra segments. As we talked about the crunch on demand for air cargo, fortunately, weve been able to take advantage of that.
Scott Davis: In fourth quarter has more dramatic business, the capacity squeeze out of Asia was real dramatic in November and December, which obviously helped the rates tremendously.
Matt Brooklier - Piper Jaffray: Just a follow-up question, what are your thoughts in terms of adding capacity with International Packages network, specifically on the export side going forward?
Scott Davis: Were happy to do it when demand justifies, thats part of this disciplined profitable growth strategy, weve got the assets if needed, were continuing to invest in the business and there is no better return for investors than a plane full of our international volume. On the other hand, were not going to get too far ahead of the game. So, well continue our controlled approach growing as we see fit.
Operator: And we have a question now from the line of Chris Ceraso from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Good morning. This is Alison Landry in for Chris. I just had a couple of questions related to the implied year-over-year profit improvement for this year. How much of the profit growth or the incremental operating margins is related to the cost saving efforts as opposed to strengthening volume in yields?
Kurt Kuehn: I mean both of those are piece of it, although if have to pick one, I think it has more to do with the operational changes weve made during the declining time and now that the economy has at least stabilized, youre starting to see some of the benefits.  So domestically, its clearly a story of operating leverage and the benefits of the big changes weve made and frankly were waiting for the tailwind of the economy to kick in. Were looking for modest growth over the course of the year. So that is not betting on the come. Internationally, its a positive. Its a story of great operating efficiency and tremendous boost from both the economy and share gain across the globe. So we feel very positive, frankly in all of our segments. As you look across every segment of UPS right now, weve got good potential for improvements. The domestic business is seeing the benefits of improved productivity and streamlining the international businesses, enjoying strong growth. Our forwarding business took a little bit of a hit in Q4 with the demand crunch, but we have stabilized that to done some revenue management and thats in good shape. Our Logistics group is showing great momentum and even the UPS freight, which is in a very tough environment is showing substantial improvements year-over-year and profitability and we do expected it to be profitable this year even with the extreme challenges across that industry.  So its a combination of improving trends or at least lack of economic headwinds and a lot of hard work within the company. 
Alison Landry: Okay and then I guess, my follow-up would be just to that point with given the network, restructuring and cost productivities, where do you see long-term consolidated operating margins during say in 2011 or 2012? Where do you guys think you can get there?
Kurt Kuehn:  Yes, we are not ready to layout a hard forecast on that I mean it depends on certainly the shape of the recovery is there a new normal and economic activity were still holding back a little bit on that clearly our international is getting back closer to peak margins very quickly as we said at least our peak our earnings in the Q1 were close to our peak earnings.  Margins on international well see were growing our domestic business internationally much more rapid. So the goal isnt margins its maximizing operating profit, but.
Scott Davis:
 :
Kurt Kuehn:  But, were working hard to make sure we are taking full advantage of the environment that were in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Campbell from Thompson, Davis & Company. Please go ahead.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: 
 :
 :
Kurt Kuehn: Absolutely no thats just part of the operating earnings from here because that relates to repositioning active employees thats not part of our one time exclusion the charges we took in the first quarter related to are enhance retirement offers and the costs related to employee benefits to a fleet the company maybe a little earlier than they planned but going forward from here it will all be kept into our guidance and operations.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company:  Okay and the same question is then in the third and fourth quarter, some of these costs will continue but you feel that will be offset by savings from the repositioning?
Kurt Kuehn:  The lions share of the reloads will be completed in the second quarter. So there will still be some expenses but it gets to be minimal and really not material so well stop highlighting that as a head wind once we get through Q2 and talk more about the benefits and savings of it.
Operator: And our last question will come from the line of David Ross, Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, please go ahead.
David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Just have a question on the Worldport expansion you talked about increasing capacity 19% on the south side and you reduced I guess the slice in the network byproject and regional hubs loading up bigger air craft going into that a Worldport, can you talk about kind of where that leaves the network in terms of the capacity utilization whether there is I guess how much room is left to expand before you have to go back into those regional hubs and how for full those bigger planes are getting into that a little more.
Kurt Kuehn: Yeah we think its going to be a long time before we would need to use the regional hubs. Weve added substantial amount of capacity reduce in the number air craft in the air improves our availability it improves the efficiency, so borrowing multiple years of very strong growth weve got a decent amount of time to enjoy this current capability in the network so this is not a short term benefit by any means and were continuing to find ways to better lever it and take advantage of it, so its been really a flawless opening and operated well through teak on about half the added capacity and then in the quarter then we brought it fully up to speed and now its able to do for 400,000 pieces an hour which is just tremendous and we did, spend over $900 million for this expansion but those benefits paid back very quickly with reduced air craft purchases and with reduced operating expenses in air so thats been a great investment for us even in the midst of the worst procession in any of our carriers.
David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Maybe as new larger aircraft are maybe more fuel efficient reducing number of black hours and so you are already getting savings from using fewer aircrafts and those aircrafts still have a good amount of room to go on capacity in terms of adding more packages?
Kurt Kuehn: Absolutely, and we do have some additional 767s coming online over the next three to four years that will naturally slide in and scale up against some of our existing 75s and A300s. So its a very seamless and productive up scaling as growth comes in.
Scott Davis: Effective on fuel and certainly carbon efficient.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that concludes our question-and-answer for today. Now, I will turn the program back over to Andy.
Andrew Dolny: Yeah, Im going to turn it over to Scott for some closing comments.
Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Let me say that Im enthusiastic about UPSs future. We made the right decisions and took the right actions last year to capitalize in todays improving economic conditions. Were on the right path, theres certainly room for constructive dissatisfaction.  Still so much more we can accomplish. 2010 will be a better year for customers, for employers and for investors. It is only the first step in our recovery. Thanks so much for joining us today.
Operator: This concludes the UPS first quarter earnings call.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Dolny Vice President, Investor Relations Scott Davis Chief Executive Officer Kurt Kuehn Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Helane Becker Jesup & Lamont Securities Corporation Jon Langenfeld Robert W. Baird & Company Gary Chase  Barclays Capital Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan Edward Wolfe Wolfe Research Ken Hoexter Merrill Lynch Robin Byde HSBC Securities William Greene Morgan Stanley Art Hatfield Morgan, Keegan & Company David Campbell Thompson, Davis & Company John Barnes RBC Capital Markets Justin Yagerman Deutsche Bank North America David Ross Stifel, Nicolaus & Company  Scott Flower Macquarie Securities
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS investor relations fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to our host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andrew Dolny: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. I'm here this morning with Scott Davis, our CEO, and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, to discuss the company's results for the quarter and our outlook for 2010.  Before we begin, however, I will review the safe harbor language. Some of the comments we'll make today are forwardlooking statements that address our expectations for the company's future performance or results of operations. These anticipated results are subject to risk and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2008 10K, and 2009 10Q reports.  These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Today's call is being webcast and will also be available on our Investor Relations website.  In their remarks today, Scott and Kurt will compare results for 2009 and 2008, excluding the effects of adjustments that occurred in both years. Such a comparison is more reflective of UPS' true performance. The adjustments in 2009 that I am referring to include charges of $258 million during the first half relating to the acceleration of the retirement of aircraft and the remeasurement of certain foreign currency denominated obligations.  In the fourth quarter of 2008, we took impairment charges of $575 million in our UPS Freight unit and in the International segment. A reconciliation of these results is included with our earnings announcement this morning and appears on UPS IR website in the financial information tab. In addition, Kurt will refer to UPS' free cash flow, which is a nonGAAP financial measure. Reconciliation is included with the news announcement this morning and is available on the Investor Relations website. Before I turn the call over to Scott, a reminder. During the questionandanswer period, please limit yourself to one question and one followup. Now here's Scott.
Scott Davis: Good morning, everyone. Several times over the last year, I shared with you my conviction that UPS has the ability to manage effectively in response to changing market conditions. That certainly proved true in 2009. UPS has emerged from a very difficult year leaner, more focused, and better positioned to take advantage of improving economic trends. Let me illustrate.  During 2009, UPS improved operating efficiency through a comprehensive costmanagement effort. We demonstrated the nimbleness of our international business unit by quickly adjusting our network to match volume levels and ending the year with operating margins that are near historical norms.  UPS bolstered our technology leadership with the introduction of new mobile shipping applications and the expansion of our WorldShip platform by adding the ability to ship air freight as well as small package and LTL. Our investment for growth continued around the world through new construction in China that will facilitate global trade, facility expansions like Worldport that create network efficiencies, and acquisitions that strengthen our presence in growing markets. We took our service performance to even higher levels and continued to build upon our environmental commitment as evidenced last week when we were ranked number nine among the top 100 global companies in Maplecroft's Climate Innovation Index.  Lastly, once again UPS produced cash flow and margins that are the best in the industry; and we're not standing still. We're in the process of streamlining our U.S. small package structure. This effort is about improving how we go to market and interact with our customers. It's also about being more efficient with our resources to generate better returns in our domestic business. It will enable us to reduce costs and move market and resources and decision-making closer to the customer.  This restructuring has been in the planning stages for quite some time and would have happened regardless of the business environment. Over the last few years, UPS has greatly expanded the breadth and depth of the solutions we offer. Through this new structure, we now have the opportunity to better deliver the value our solutions bring to small and mediumsize customers. That's what's driving this change. It will take some time the see the full impact of our new structure. But in the long run, this may prove to be one of the most significant changes to our domestic business in quite some time.  On a different note, the fourth quarter marked the tenth anniversary of UPS' IPO. Going public has helped the company in a number of ways. It affords us greater financial flexibility since we no longer have to support a closely held stock. And the IPO introduced a new voice at the table, outside investors.  While it's been a turbulent decade in the stock market, since the IPO our total return to shareowners has outperformed the S&P 500. Over the last ten years, our brand has become truly global as we expanded our presence around the world.  Before Kurt reviews our fourth quarter results, I want to take a moment to thank UPSers for their flawless execution and cando spirit during our peak season. Everyone should be proud of what they accomplished. I also want to say that our hearts go out to those suffering from the earthquake in Haiti. UPS has responded. Along with our partners in the logistics emergency team's coalition that supports the U.N. World Food Programme, we are providing transportation and logistics services to help manage the massive recovery effort. Looking to 2010, I'm optimistic about the future. Recovery is under way in many regions of the world, but it will be gradual. I firmly believe global trade will be a major stimulus that powers economic recovery. And UPS is better positioned today than ever before to make that happen. Let me turn the program over to Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn: Thanks, Scott, and good morning everyone. 2009 was challenging to businesses worldwide. I'm pleased with the way in which UPS wrapped up the year, but I for one am glad that the year is over.  For the quarter, earnings per share of $0.75 were a substantial increase over our original guidance. That increase was achieved through higher volumes than expected and a wellexecuted game plan. As Scott said, UPSers did a great job, particularly during the peak holiday season.  Other noteworthy highlights  first, tremendous results from the International segment with a 6% gain in revenue, producing a 19% increase from operating profit. Second, substantial improvements in our U.S. package segment. Although we have a long way to go, domestic profit increased over 60% from its low point in the second quarter. Third, despite the worst economic environment in 70 years, UPS' free cash flow for the year was exceptional, $4.1 billion or over $4 per share for only the second time since going public.  As you can see from fourth quarter results, the benefits from our cost initiatives are becoming increasingly evident. For example, in the quarter total compensation and benefits grew at a much slower pace than volume increases. Also of note in the quarter, we saw a clear demonstration of the value inherent in our broad portfolio of services.  Unexpected demand for air freight in Asia exceeded market capacity, squeezing margins in our forwarding business. However, our International Package segment benefited from the increased volume as UPS customers upgraded into our Express network. This is the unique advantage of an integrated portfolio.  Now let's start the review with the U.S. Package business. In the fourth quarter, we again saw growth in average daily air volume with Next Day Air up almost 3% and Deferred up over 4%. Growth decline for Ground moderated in the quarter.  Revenue per piece was down 5.2% primarily as a result of lower fuel surcharges. Air and ground fuel surcharges were down yearoveryear approximately 16% and 4%, respectively. Weight per piece down about 5% had a bit less of an impact than in previous quarters. And base rate pricing, my number one priority heading into 2010, improved sequentially.  Typically, operating margin in the fourth quarter is less than in the third. However this was not the case in 2009. The segment's 10.1% margin was an increase of 260 basis points over our third quarter results, and the first time all year that it was in double digits. We experienced reductions in expense per piece as the impact of our initiatives took hold. Although the margin did decline 160 basis points yearoveryear, keep in mind that the fourth quarter of 2008 benefited significantly from the timing of fuel surcharges.  Now let's turn to the International segment. Average daily volume increased almost 12% with exports up 3%. All regions of the world experienced growth with Asia and the U.S. leading the way. This clearly exceeded our expectations as Asia volumes improved when customers upgraded from air freight to international small package due to the capacity constraints in the freight market and emergency restocking. NonU.S. domestic volume increased almost 18%. You may recall in the third quarter, we experienced a substantial uptick in this volume due to our acquisition in Turkey. Although that did contribute to the fourth quarter's growth, so did increases in other countries. In fact, excluding Turkey, domestic volume would have increased 7%. This is another advantage of our broad portfolio. We're winning new business and increasing our share from current customers.  During the quarter, the positive impact of currency on total revenue was essentially offset by the negative impact of lower fuel surcharges. As a result, the revenue increase of almost 6% was due to strengthening business conditions and continued share gains. International operations did an excellent job of controlling costs as evidenced by the improvement in operating margin to 16.7%. This is 180 basis points higher than last year and demonstrates the operating leverage inherent in our international network. Impact from currency was negligible.  I would be remiss if I didn't mention peak season, which was strong in both the U.S. and International segments. We experienced 8 days of worldwide volume over 22 million packages, two of which were over 24 million. This was stronger than we had expected and necessitated exceptional execution of our peak season plan. Now for the Supply Chain & Freight segment. Disappointing performance in the forwarding and LTL operations offset another good quarter in logistics. Logistics revenue increased yearoveryear posting strong operating margins. Business continued to successfully develop and deploy solutions that deepened customer relationships and drive transportation spend. Particular strength was evident in the health care and hightech sectors.  In forwarding, a surge in demand in a capacityconstrained Asian market led to rapidly escalating transportation costs. This margin squeeze negatively impacted operating profits. We are working diligently to negotiate customer rates that reflect market conditions.  UPS Freight's fourth quarter performance was below expectations. LTL shipments were flat and weight per shipment declined. As a result, the unit reported a loss in the quarter. We do have a very challenging pricing environment; however, revenue per hundredweight was up 2.8% as we maintained our pricing for value approach in this business. UPS Freight also did see a gain in market share yearoveryear. We will continue to optimize the Freight network and focus sharply on the middle market. The unit should return to profitability in 2010. Turning now to a distinction that UPS has long enjoyed our financial strength. Even in one of the worst years in decade for economic activity, UPS generated $4.1 billion in free cash flow through excellent management of working capital and constrained capital expenditures. We also paid $1.8 billion in dividends, invested $1.6 billion in capital expenditures, repurchased a total of 10.9 million shares for $569 million, and ended the year with $2.1 billion in cash and shortterm investments. Two years ago, we introduced our funds flow from operations to total debt metric and said we were targeting a range of 50% to 60% by the end of 2009. We ended the year at 58%. Last week, S&P reaffirmed our AA credit rating, although they changed our outlook from stable to negative. This was based largely on their calculation of funds flow from operations to total debt which includes pension liabilities as debt. By their calculation, UPS is slightly below their target. We have 18 to 24 months to close the gap, which I am very confident we can do. Now for our outlook. Because we have more clarity into economic conditions going forward than we did a year ago, we're providing annual guidance for 2010. Diluted earnings per share should be within a range of $2.70 to $3.05, which is an increase of 17% to 32% over 2009 earnings. As Scott indicated, the recovery should be gradual; therefore, the first quarter will be the most challenging of the year with earnings per share only slightly improved from the first quarter of 2009. In the U.S. Domestic segment, average daily volume should increase in line with GDP with ground improving a little more than air. Volume growth will be more evident as the year progresses. Yields should increase as pricing strengthens and package characteristics improve. In addition, we're reinstituting management compensation increases. We anticipate operating margin for the first quarter will be a little below last year which should expand through 2010. In International, export volume growth is expected to outperform the market. Domestic volume should increase at a midteens rate until the third quarter, when we lap the date of our Turkish acquisition. For the year, domestic volume should increase in the high single digits. Operating profit should grow at an annual midteens rate with margins strengthening over the course of the year.  We expect the Supply Chain & Freight segment to achieve a mid to high single digit revenue growth rate for the year. Operating margin should improve slightly in the first quarter compared to last year, expanding to about 5% for the full year. As I mentioned on our last call, our overall tax rate for 2010 should be between 34% and 35%.  Capital expenditures are projected to be $1.8 billion. At less than 4% of revenue, this is significantly below our historical range of 5% to 8%. In fact, CapEx for the next few years will remain well below our historical range. Reduced capital expenditures reflect the fact that many of our current strategic investments are nearing completion.  For example, our air fleet is the youngest in the industry. Infrastructure is in place in Asia with the Shanghai hub opened last year and Shenzhen slated to open this quarter. And the comprehensive expansion of Worldport will be completed this year. We clearly will have the global network that we need to support growth.  This year, we will accelerate funding of our new IBT pension plan due to recently released regulations. The funding for 2010 will be approximately $200 million more than last year. This will reduce contributions in 2011, and thereafter and we expect the IBT plan to be fully funded by 2013. Lastly, the streamlining of our domestic business will require a onetime charge and provide an ongoing benefit. The amount of the charge will depend on the number of people who accept the company's voluntary retirement offer. We anticipate it could be up to $80 million pretax and will be recorded in the first quarter.  Let me remind you this restructuring will eliminate 1,800 positions. We expect that the voluntary retirement program UPS offered to 1,100 management people will yield many opportunities for the displaced individuals. In 2010, savings from this restructuring will be minimal since it will be offset by expenses like relocation that are not included in the onetime charge. But in 2011 and beyond, we expect an annual benefit of about $0.10 per share.  To conclude, you are seeing the fruits of the hard work that UPSers completed in 2009. Going forward, we will build on today's accomplishments by capitalizing on the operating leverage of our global network, by maintaining disciplined pricing practices, and by leveraging the power of our broad portfolio. Thanks for your attention, and now Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator:  
 :
Helane Becker Jesup & Lamont Securities Corporation: I am just kind of curious on the international side. I know there was a lot of capacity that came out on that main, from passenger side as well as some main deck capacity coming out. Can you just talk about what you're seeing now, kind of in January, ahead of Chinese New Year and what you expect through the first quarter on that side?
Kurt Kuehn: We are seeing demand continuing to be fairly firm so far in January. It's not quite the squeeze that we saw in November and December when there was clearly a significant amount of freight left standing on the runways. But it continues to be fairly firm so far through the month anyway.
Helane Becker Jesup & Lamont Securities Corporation: Then you have that, just for my followup, you have that shutdown for about a week and then ramp up again. Is that how we should think about it? So January pretty good, February soso, and March kind of stronger than that?
Kurt Kuehn: Actually the seasonal impact is fairly similar to last year. We don't see this as being a period in which the timing of the New Year is going to make a big difference in yearoveryear comps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Langenfeld Robert W. Baird & Company.
Jon Langenfeld Robert W. Baird & Company: You had mentioned in your prepared remarks that base pricing domestically is number one priority in domestic for 2010. Can you elaborate on that? What are some of the things you have in place to help support that priority, and what are some of the changes you've made?
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly as weve mentioned a couple of times in the last couple of quarters, now that the economy is stabilizing, were focusing much more on yield management, on making sure that we negotiate and extract the value that were creating. Its been fairly comprehensive. It involves first a solid rate increase. It involves us making sure that we are pricing according to what the value is.  Were frankly looking at some customers that perhaps were very aggressively negotiated during some of the tough times and revisiting those. On top of that, we do think that a firming economy begins to lift all boats, characteristics get a little stronger, weight goes up. So we clearly intend to be disciplined on this. We will be aggressive on pricing where it makes sense and the volume is very profitable, and in other areas we will be a little more disciplined.
Scott Davis: Its also part of our restructuring was geared to taking our marketing locally. I think thats a big change for the company. In the past, all of our marketing was really centralized at corporate. Each market is somewhat different. I think the fact now that were having the local presence well be able to educate our salespeople better on the value proposition we bring to our customers.
Jon Langenfeld Robert W. Baird & Company: Then as a follow-up question, on the guidance. Does the guidance or the 1Q commentary either, do they include the charge that you talked about? Or is that separate?
Kurt Kuehn: We will likely report that charge at the end of Q1. Our guidance does not reflect the one-time charge. Although there will be some expenses from this restructuring that arent in the one-time charge, training expenses and the beginning of relocation expenses. That expense will be spread in Q1, Q2, and Q3. There will be some charges, and thats why the overall P&L for the year is neutral, that are not considered one-time. Thats the moving of people that stay with the company and the training, etc. But the one-time charge for the voluntary retirement will show up as a one-time item in our Q1 reporting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Chase  Barclays Capital.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: I wondered if you could elaborate a little bit. Kurt, you talked in the prepared remarks about the sequential up-tick in domestic margin. You attributed it to cost performance. Is there any way to put a little more color around that? Are those initiatives full up, or should we expect to see more of those unfold as we move through 2010?
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly there will be some additional initiatives, the domestic restructuring being the most notable. Plus well continue to have some refinement of our air network as the Worldport expansion is complete. There will be even more volume that gets centralized through that network. That allows us to reduce our air network.  Although we did really see the culmination of a large number of initiatives that culminated in Q4, that was part of why you saw really the best operating results and the in effect our unit cost per piece for comp and benefits below the previous year. A lot of the stuff we talked about did reach its final completion for Q4, but we have a few more tricks in the bag that well be using going forward.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Second, youve talked about this concept. You were just mentioning in a prior answer about demarketing some of the business that isnt meeting your threshold. I wondered if that process has started yet. And, again, if you could give us a sense of how that might play out through the year as well. 
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly it has begun. We talked about that back in October. Thats been ongoing. During the depths of the recession, huge pressure on pricing and cost reduction; and in that environment we have certainly negotiated accordingly. As weve look forward a little bit, we have selected some customers that we think perhaps we should be charging a little higher. We have gone back and begun negotiations with them. Or at least as their contracts renew, were taking a slightly different philosophy.  Its nothing earthshaking. Just making sure were getting a fair return really across the portfolio from all customers. 
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Sounds like most of that opportunity is ahead of you, right?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. It takes a year or so, at least, to cycle through contracts. It will be just an ongoing process as we move forward. Thats why we do have more confidence in those results showing improving over time. As a result, we expect quarter-to-quarter things to continue to get better. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: I wanted to see if you could give a few further comments on the thoughts on first quarter which relative to the thoughts on the full year and they appear, I guess they're not including that $80 million charge so they appear to be kind of conservative in first quarter versus what you are looking at for the full year.  But it doesn't sound like demand had slowed down versus fourth quarter, so I am just wondering if there's something else on the cost side that hurts you more in first quarter or is something else we should be considering just in terms of the way the guidance is a little more conservative in first than what the full year looks like? 
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Tom. We have heard that question from a couple of people already even before the call. We are migrating to an annual guidance. Clearly last year we dropped back and went very specifically to quarterly guidance because we frankly couldn't see through the fog of war of the economic deterioration.  As we look out over 2010, we see a story of a gradually firming economy, of pricing for UPS continuing to get stronger and stronger, of volume results getting better, continued improvement on cost management, and ultimately the restructuring beginning to kick in late in the year. All of those lead to an upward slope over the year and lead us to produce, we think, a fairly ambitious goal for our earnings for the year of between 17% and 32% increase.  Q1 is a good question. There are a couple of things that are in Q4 that we're a little hesitant to extrapolate. We did have a surprising uptick in December frankly as the domestic and the international peak season came in strong. I mentioned we had 8 days over 22 million pieces and 2 days over 24 million pieces. We're being a little cautious that momentum may slow a bit; although we do think that volumes at least will be firm in the U.S. in Q1, probably flat, maybe slightly up.  We also saw the incredible squeeze in Asia with just unprecedented increase in demand which flowed into our package network substantially. It cost the forwarder a little bit, but it definitely allowed us to produce tremendous results in international. We're a little hesitant to extrapolate that. Plus we are going to be having some of these relocation expenses and training expenses beginning to hit Q1.  You lever all of that together, plus if you note that in Q4 we were still 9% below last year. We are expecting earnings to be up in Q1 over last year, just not at the overall average rate for the year. We took our best shot at it. If economic conditions, the momentum, continue, then certainly there's upside potential. At least at this point, that's kind of what we think is appropriate.
Scott Davis: I think it goes hand in hand with the fact that we do believe this is going to be a gradual recovery. Even if you go back and look at the fourth quarter where you saw big economic numbers, you saw GDP quarteroverquarter up 5.7%. Yearoveryear it was somewhat flat, up a tenth of a percent. Industrial production was up 7% quarteroverquarter, but actually yearoveryear it was down over 4%.  We think that's going to continue to get better as the year goes on. In 2010, we actually see industrial production growing over 4%. But it's going to take throughout the year to get to that level. It's going to grow more at the end of the year than at the start of the year.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: My followup in terms of volume in January, if you could just give a sense of domestic package, international perhaps on the forwarding side, what the volumes have looked like in January and whether you've seen any falloff in demand or whether that momentum has been pretty good in January.
Kurt Kuehn: So far I think we've been modestly pleased with the momentum in January, domestic volumes have been holding at about flat. Clearly they were higher than that during those peak days in December. So that's stabilized a little bit. Our international growth seems to be holding solid. The rush in Asia, perhaps, is moderated a little bit on the freight side.  But on the forwarder side the rates have begun to come down a little bit from their skyrocketing arena. And also the UPS Freight is continuing maybe a little stronger in January than the previous month. Modestly positive trends, I think, is the best way to look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Wolfe Wolfe Research.
Edward Wolfe Wolfe Research: With the CapEx coming down and the tremendous free cash even with the difficult earnings year this year, when do you go back to more aggressively buying the stock back? I know, Kurt, you mentioned about S&P and building up your reserves a little bit; but when should we think about increased dividends and share repurchase and how do you think about those two going forward in a multiple year of lower CapEx kind of period?
Kurt Kuehn: That's a good question. We clearly hunkered down last year and late '08. We have been very pleased at our results on cash flow. That didn't happen by accident. We've done a good job in a lot of arenas. We are going to be back soon, hopefully, to that problem of what to do with the excess cash generation. As I mentioned, we do think this low CapEx will extend for several years. The Worldport expansion and our international assets have positioned us well. We are going to have a number of years of belowtrend CapEx and abovetrend free cash flow.  We do review dividend primarily at our February board meeting, and we'll make some decisions on the dividend policy going forward. Scott?
Scott Davis: As far as the share repurchase, I think we'll be looking at that hand in hand. Clearly last year we decided to sustain our dividend, and we held off on share repurchases. We did last year redistribute to shareowners about 100% of our net income. So we did that through reduced share repurchase, but continued dividend. Clearly we have no intentions of building a large hoard of cash. Over time, we will be deciding when it makes sense to get more aggressive in the market.
Edward Wolfe Wolfe Research: As a followup or a second question, Kurt earlier you said existing contracts, when you were talking about pricing, even some existing contracts that may be assigned during a more competitive period below market you would go back into. How do you go back into them? Can you explain the mechanism and how prevalent that ability is?
Kurt Kuehn: That's pretty limited. I guess what typically happens for ones that may be outside the normal contract renewal, certainly we're doing during the very tough economic times a lot of customerinitiated renegotiations in which you may have a twoyear contract, but the customer comes back and says, hey, we've got to do something.  As those opportunities occur, we are discussing those; and clearly in this environment we're making sure we look at which way the prices should go if the contracts open back up. That's more of what it is than us aggressively reopening customers that are happy with where they're at.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Hoexter Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter Merrill Lynch: You mentioned, Kurt, about a dime or so led to the $100 million of savings. I want to clarify none of that is in your target yet, to clarify that. If it's not, looking at labor or comp and benefits as a percent of revenue, you've gotten down to kind of about 53% now if you take out that other $100 million, maybe get into the 52% range. A couple of years ago you were down almost at 50%.  I am just wondering is that a trend you can see continuing to get those costs down? Is there something on the labor side in addition to that you can keep getting cost down or is this about as tight, you think, on the labor side as we're going to see it?
Kurt Kuehn: I think that has more to do with our mix of businesses. That movement has more to do with whether domestic packages is a higher or lower total proportion of the total company. If you look at forwarding, if you look at our logistics group, those all have dramatically different mixtures of direct labor to total revenue.  We're very pleased with the momentum we've seen in our domestic and international labor results. You can see probably the better measure to look at is the relationship of volume and comp and benefit expense which we more than offset, even with the headwind we've had of high inflation in the wages because of the reduction in our staffing. As our growth comes back, we'll begin to hire new employees. That has a very beneficial impact on our overall average wage rates and should further accelerate some of our efficiencies.
Scott Davis:
 :
Kurt Kuehn: In Q1, we do kind of cycle through most of those increases in our percentage of fulltime people that are at the seniority rate. That's another benefit as that issue starts to flatten out. That will help us as we move forward in the year.
Ken Hoexter Merrill Lynch: Then on the LTL side, on the freight side, were you surprised that I guess with the struggles of some of the competitors out there that volumes weren't a little bit stronger or is that sounds like on your pricing side maybe that was an intentional move not to get some of that freight? I am just wondering if you can talk a little bit about your move there.
Kurt Kuehn: I think we have been extremely consistent this year in the LTL arena. We have not been aggressively pursuing volume at the expense of yields. That's why, I think, we have led the industry in our revenue per hundredweight consistently with it possibly up, I think, 2.8% this quarter.  We feel that the inherent advantages we have with the customer access, with the deep integration of technology into LTL processes, and with the quality and speed of the network, we would rather continue to steadily gain through our bringing LTL services to our existing customer bases, rather than being out there trying to aggressively gain share to perhaps drive a competitor out. We're being patient, but we think that will lead for sustainable results and also the most profitable outcome longterm.
Scott Davis: You got to remember that industrial production, again, in the fourth quarter was down 4.6% yearoveryear. That's still the best barometer for the LTL industry. Until you really see manufacturing kick in, that's when you will see LTL kick in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Byde HSBC Securities.
Robin Byde HSBC Securities: Just two questions. On international package and the Shenzhen hub, are additional volumes from that facility opening in Q1 built into your fullyear guidance? Then, secondly, just a sort of more general question on demand recovery. Across your businesses, are you detecting a sustained restocking by purchasing managers or is it too early to come to that conclusion?
Kurt Kuehn: I will cover the Shenzhen hub and then Scott can talk a little bit about the restocking issue, which seems to be a hot topic. Certainly we have embedded in our overall annual perspective some benefit from the Shenzhen hub, although frankly we're not overextrapolating that. But it will give us a very efficient and also superior service for the intraAsian volume.  So we do expect to see some real benefits from that. It will also be a great way to serve the whole southern China area. That will kick in beginning in February and we'll continue to lever that. That, along with the global impact, which was a very large impact as Asia began exporting more in Q4, it helped to drive the recent results.
Scott Davis: I think the big change we saw in the quarter on inventories was not so much that inventories grew, but they stopped declining. I think that's what we saw drive the U.S. GDP last quarter. Not so much the growth in inventories, but the fact they stopped declining at the pace they had nine months of the year. I think inventories are still pretty low and have room to grow as we move into 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Greene Morgan Stanley.
 William Greene Morgan Stanley: Can we talk a little bit just on the B2C, the change in the domestic B2C volumes in the fourth quarter in 2009? Where were they?
Kurt Kuehn: They were up slightly. Certainly during the holiday season they were up more substantially. We did see modest growth in the B2C.
William Greene Morgan Stanley: Obviously all throughout 2009, they grew then. If we sort of look at this going forward, that seems to be an area where there should be a bit more growth just given the changes that are going on in customer behavior. How do you think about serving that? Obviously that has challenges from a cost perspective to service a single delivery to a rural location or whatnot. Is the Post Office a big part of the solution there, or do you think about managing that?
Kurt Kuehn: That's a good question. I guess for starters, though, what we're actually seeing the biggest change in sequentially is the B2B growth. We do think that at least for the next several quarters, this recovery will be more B2B driven. So the B2C has been more steady over the last few quarters. We have seen successive strengthening of the B2B.  On the B2C side, when the consumer gets a little more confident we will see a bigger boost in that. For some time we were seeing doubledigit growth. Clearly that's moderated. But the B2C certainly is a longterm trend that is positive. That's why we're focused on providing a range of opportunities.  We do have a portfolio from our traditional ground services, even premium services for residential, and to also our basic service, which is a bit of a hybrid solution in which the extended areas are given to the Post Office for last mile and we deliver in the more dense areas.  Then at the very lightest end we also have our Mail Innovations business, which is growing very strongly that sorts primarily packages of one pound or less and also injects those into the Post Office. We do see a collaboration on this environment. We think that's the direction of the future.
Scott Davis: I think clearly even with people on the smart phones today you are seeing more and more people buy over the internet using those phones. Obviously that's why we did the applications with BlackBerry and the iPhone. I think you are going to see continued growth in that area. As Kurt said, I think we're positioned very well to serve that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Art Hatfield Morgan, Keegan & Company.
Art Hatfield Morgan, Keegan & Company: Kurt on your comments about the 2010 guidance, you commented for the full year that Supply Chain & Freight would have margins of 5%. Can you comment on whether or not that's a level you're happy with and potentially where that could go?
Kurt Kuehn: In the shortterm, we see that as acceptable. We certainly would hope to be able to get higher than that over time with a good robust economy. We're looking more for upper singledigit margins over the long term.  And within that segment, clearly you will have different results for LTL versus forwarding. Forwarding is very asset light. Then our logistics business, which kind of sits in the middle. 5% is where we think we will get to this year. We would certainly like to get a little higher than that long term. 
Scott Davis: I have made it pretty clear to our people around the supply chain side that we expect to be mid to uppersingle digits. So we're not happy at 5%.
Art Hatfield Morgan, Keegan & Company: Then as a followup, kind of jumping over to domestic. In your commentary and in the release you talk about yields being impacted by weight per package declining. Can you talk a little bit about that in more detail and maybe how that trended in the quarter? And if you're seeing maybe a more permanent mix shift or is that still just an economic impact you're seeing?
Kurt Kuehn: We've done a lot of work on that. There has been a longterm secular trend of modest weight declines over the years as goods have gotten smaller. That's been hugely accelerated by the economic slow down. As we've gone back and looked at past recessions, in the express business and in the commercial ground business, it's very typical that weights move with the economy.  On the residential side, that's been more of a steady one that moves beyond cycles. We are highly confident that weights will begin to improve this year in the commercial arena and in the express business. That's highly beneficial to us because those packages drive modest increases in cost, but substantial increases in yield. We're very confident that will happen. You still may see long term some slight declines in weight as goods continue to get smaller. But the big impact right now is the economy.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Campbell Thompson, Davis & Company.
David Campbell Thompson, Davis & Company: I wanted to ask you why the cargo revenues were flat from the third quarter and down from last year despite these huge rate increases in the Asian Pacific region.
Kurt Kuehn: I think a lot of that was a good problem for us because a lot of people traded up to express package. As a result, there was less capacity on the airplanes to fly the heavy freight. Really it was a good issue for us.
David Campbell Thompson, Davis & Company: Then following up on that, is it that easy to fix the squeeze? It would seem to me we have demand, capacity hard to get that you should have been able to compensate for that with higher rates in the fourth quarter and not have to wait until the first quarter.
Kurt Kuehn: There's really three pieces to this. There's what percent of the plane has small package on it. And with the demand picking up, there was less available space for us to sell cargo. There's just plain less available space. We also directly sell cargo in our airplane for what's left. Then the majority of what we move actually is done by our forwarding unit. 80% of what they hire is not UPS assets.  That's really where the challenges on the rates were. We were able to fill up our airplanes with very high yielding express and higher yielding cargo, there just wasn't as much room left for cargo because of demand.
Scott Davis: The spike in demand came on awful quick. In fact our forwarders who have been in the business for decades have not really seen one come on quite that quick in the past. I think it caught all the forwarders a little by surprise.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Barnes RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes RBC Capital Markets: Can you quantify a little bit the expenses associated with your employment initiative? You said those expenses were going to range from the first to the third quarter. Can you quantify the size of that expense bucket?
Kurt Kuehn: We said that after that is done for 2011, we expect to see $0.10 a share aftertax benefit. That gets you somewhere in $160 million to $170 million savings. For 2010, that will basically be offset with the expenses that we'll be booking for those items. Plus you don't have the whole year to get the benefit of those expenses. That would be the annual burn rate. Really the savings don't kick in until beginning in late April. You get about a half of the year, maybe a little more than that, worth of savings and that's total offset by the expenses.
John Barnes RBC Capital Markets: On the LTL side of the business, since you bought it, you have run into bad economy, struggling competitors, pricing environment that certainly has been pretty poor. Have you given any thought has there been any change in your strategy as it relates to the freight division? Are you looking at potentially scaling it back or scaling it up? I mean do you think it's the right size now or do you need to get bigger? How do you think about it just given what you've faced since you bought the division?
Kurt Kuehn: Our timing wasn't the best. I will own up to that one. Clearly we studied the LTL environment, and we did purchase Overnite in 2005. We had a year or two of decent results as we began to restructure it. We have invested a lot of money in it, frankly, because we're very confident that it adds tremendous synergies to our customer base.  I think as we look at our confidence in can UPS bring value in this base, we are extremely confident. The technology initiatives we've done, we think, are reinventing the industry in some ways. The alignment of when do you use package, when do you use pallets, we think there's a lot of room for companies to save money.  At a high level, we think we're bringing value to the marketplace; and we think we can also drive value to shareowners. Unfortunately, it's been a very tough time for that. So we've been disappointed with the financials.
Scott Davis: You know our history. We're patient investors. We went through the international package area in the '80s and '90s. It took us a long time to get it there. Obviously it's tremendously profitable today. Supply chain, the forwarding logistics, we invested there in the early part of this decade. It's starting to show the profits in that arena. We expect the same in the LTL arena.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Yagerman Deutsche Bank North America.
Justin Yagerman Deutsche Bank North America: You have been talking about it on the U.S. domestic package side. Fuel was up sequentially, but yields were definitely off on a sequential basis. I know it impacted the yearoveryear, but I was a little surprised in that sequential change.  Can you talk a bit about the competitive dynamic in the ground market and maybe a bit about the impact from DHL on those yields on a yearoveryear basis? Then I guess as part of that, the repricing opportunity in the beginning of the year.
Kurt Kuehn: You threw out a couple of pieces there. I will try to knit them together. Certainly DHL exiting the market had a big impact both on volume shifts and also on average yields. DHL was significantly lighter on average than the UPS volume. As we absorbed their volume into our ground and air networks, it did have a negative impact on our average yields yearoveryear.  On top of that, the average weight of the packages across the network got lighter as there were less widgets per box with the economy being weak. Fuel surcharges were a headwind in Q4. For example, the air averaged about 21% fuel surcharge last year. This year's quarter it was just a little over 7%. Some pretty big headwinds still yearoveryear with fuel surcharges. That will begin to moderate in Q1.  All of those moving parts do have an impact as we cycle through. Now Q1 will be the first quarter really without a significant impact of the DHL overlap. There was some share shift in January for the air volumes, although the ground really had shifted totally by Q4. That noise will moderate anyway. As I said, we're highly confident with the firming economy we'll see strengthened weight and improved pricing power going forward.
Justin Yagerman Deutsche Bank North America: From a competitive dynamic in the international on the same theme, do you find that you're picking up share that DHL has impaired from an international sales standpoint? Or are you picking up market share in Asia because of their impairment coming into the U.S.?
Kurt Kuehn: We are seeing, we think, continued share gains across the globe. In Europe which clearly is continuing to have economic struggles, we're continuing to see growth. You are seeing it in our nonU.S. domestic business, and we're seeing it in Asia.  We continue to feel very positive about the advantage UPS has of having a broad coverage in all three major economic environments. That story is still being written. It takes a long time to reach out to customers all across the globe. Our salespeople are very busy. We have had a significant focus on conversion opportunities, frankly, as UPS offers that unique coverage of Asia, Europe, and America.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Ross Stifel, Nicolaus & Company.
David Ross Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: First a question on UPS Freight. I noticed that all the shipment levels stayed relatively flat, weight per shipment fell. That's been going on for a little while at UPS Freight now. I am not sure if it's just the economy or because you're penetrating the LTL market with your small package sales or if there's some characteristics of smaller shippers. Do smaller shippers have lower average shipment weights than kind of large national accounts?
Kurt Kuehn: That's a very insightful question. You are seeing a mix change at work here. We are growing more effectively in the middle market where UPS' value proposition is extremely strong. We are helping customers balance what goes in our ground hundredweight service, what goes on a pallet, and so the crossover point in some cases can be lower.  Typically we do see a lower weight in the middle market than you would at the very large end. Typically the shipment sizes aren't as large. All of those have lowered our average weight per shipment. We're continuing to show market leading results in our shipment growth, but the average weight per shipment is lower.
David Ross Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Then on the technology front, you mentioned a little bit about the iPhone and BlackBerry shipping apps. I was curious just as to what the impact you think that's going to make over the next year or so. How does that really make it easier for shippers to ship? How many people use it? What is involved there? 
Scott Davis : I think it's really another one of these major trends we're seeing where more and more people are going to use their smart phones to buy over the internet. I think us having the ability to have these applications we think the best applications out there will obviously enhance the use of UPS going forward. Clearly, I think it's going to drive more B2C shipments in the future.
Kurt Kuehn : And the UPS app is one of the leading B2B applications on iPhone right now, for example. We have seen good customer adoption.
Operator: Your last question comes from Scott Flower Macquarie Securities.
Scott Flower Macquarie Securities: I wanted to follow up a little bit on Asia and get a little more color. Are the patterns any different in terms where you're seeing volumes go in terms of the different trade lands? And then related is there any concern that some of this rush or displacement because the air freight side was so capacity constrained into the small package division will abate as you go further into 2010?
Kurt Kuehn: I think that is an issue. That's part of our conservative guidance, I think, in Q1 perhaps. We knew there was a big rush in Q4. It did help to drive volume both into our forwarding and our package network. We're a little uncertain just how that will wind down. So far for January, we are seeing continued firmness.  Coming out of Asia, we saw a real strong growth from Asia to Europe, actually over 20%. That's been a real interesting story. That had been one of our leading lanes. It moderated during last year, but it was tremendous to see that coming back. Actually the yearoveryear Asia to Europe was a much stronger trend than Asia to the U.S., although the Asia to the U.S. did firm.
Scott Davis: There was an awful lot of technology demand both out of the U.S. and Europe in the fourth quarter. Not enough attention has been paid to that, but there was an awful lot of demand out of both Europe and the U.S. The other area is intraAsia is an area that will continue to grow and outperform going forward. I think our new Shenzhen hub will really highlight and help the performance there for UPS.
Scott Flower Macquarie Securities: Then my followup is I know you all talked about the changes in the structure in the U.S. I remember back, I think I am the last analyst from the IPO. Scott you talked a lot about restructuring, structural costs in the U.S. in trying to get leaner. Is this part of that longerterm roll out? Are there other things that become part of the structural costs in the U.S. that you are looking at longer term?
Scott Davis: This company has transformed many times over the 102 years we've been in business. This is just another transformation. Clearly the technology is allowing us to do a lot of consolidation. It wasn't that many years ago that we had 11 regions and 72 districts. Now we're down to 3 regions and 20 districts so pretty dramatic changes.  More important than the consolidation is the fact that we're going to do business differently in the U.S. It's more about how we go to market and how we interact with the customers, more about decentralizing the U.S. operations. This is a big transformation for UPS.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to your host, Mr. Dolny, for any closing remarks from him or the panel.
Andrew Dolny: I am going to turn it over the Scott for closing remarks.
Scott Davis: It looks like this recession is finally over. Believe it or not, that makes 21 that UPS has successfully managed through. As we head into a brighter 2010, as our volume increases, you need to know that network efficiencies will improve, increased densities will reduce costs, and new employees will come on moderating our average wage rate increases. This will all lead to margin improvement in the years ahead. Thanks for joining us today. 
Operator: That does conclude your conference call for today. I would like to thank you for your participation and thank you for using AT&T. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Andy Dolny - Vice President Investor Relations Scott Davis  CEO Kurt Kuehn  CFO
Analysts: Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Gary Chase - Barclays Capital Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research William Greene - Morgan Stanley Robin Byde - HSBC Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company, LLC David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co. Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets 
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Kent, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Its now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Andrew Dolny:  Good morning everybody, and thanks for joining us today. Scott Davis, our CEO, and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, are ready to provide insight into the companys third quarter results and our expectations going forward. Before I turn the program over to them, however, I want to review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments well make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2008 10-K and 2009 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This conference call is being webcast and will be available on our Investor Relations website for a few weeks. In his remarks Kurt will refer to UPSs free cash flow which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Reconciliation is included with the news announcement this morning and is available on the Investor Relations website. During the Question-and-Answer period, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. Doing so will enable everyone a chance to participate.  Now Ill turn the program over to Scott.
Scott Davis:  Thanks Andy and good morning. Its encouraging to see some economic forecasts like GDP and IP beginning to show consistent improvement. However, as Christina Romer, Chair of the Council of Economic Advisors, put it recently, To say the economic recession is over is different than to say weve recovered. While recovery has begun, it has a long way to go. Sustained economic gains will occur only when unemployment declines meaningfully. Turning to UPSs performance, business conditions early in the third quarter were similar to those in the second, though we did see improving trends as the quarter progressed. UPS also benefited from effective cost management. As a result, profitability improved over the previous quarter.  However, there are more opportunities to improve the way the business is performing. We are evaluating additional structural, network, and go-to-market strategy changes to enhance profitability.  One of UPSs international growth strategies has been to supplement export volume with profitable domestic volume around the world. Earlier this year we expanded express services into 16 additional countries, bringing the total number served to 50. Were seeing the benefits from this strategy with domestic volume up significantly in the quarter, aided by our recent acquisition in Turkey.  Affiliation with the international Olympic Games has broadened our brand recognition in the global community. We are honored and excited to have been selected to manage the transportation and logistical operations for the London games in 2012. This entails similar responsibilities to those we executed in the Olympic Games held last year in Beijing. These opportunities enable us to showcase on a global scale the breadth of our capabilities. We will bring the same expertise to the London games as we did to those in Beijing. Also in the quarter UPS stepped up, taking a leadership position to help improve the ability of global relief organizations to respond to emergencies. This multi-year initiative not only includes financial grants, but also puts our core competencies of transportation and Logistics management to work. Among the relief organizations that will benefit from this commitment are the Aidmatrix Foundation, the American Red Cross, CARE, UNICEF and the World Food Programme.  In line with our commitment to environmental improvement, two weeks ago UPS became the first small package carrier to offer carbon offsets to customers in the United States. Through this carbon neutral program shippers now have the option to offset the climate impact of their package shipments. In addition during the quarter, the Carbon Disclosure Project named UPS one of the top 50 companies in the world for transparency and high quality environmental disclosure practices. UPS is the only company in our industry to achieve this recognition. Before I turn the program over to Kurt, I want to take a moment to thank our employees around the world for their hard work in a very difficult economic environment. I know everyone has made a lot of sacrifices and I truly appreciate the dedication and teamwork. Heading into our peak season, I am confident that we have a finely honed organization, ready to execute flawlessly for our customers during this demanding time. As I look at the global business environment, Im encouraged that recovery is underway. UPSs worldwide presence and comprehensive portfolio of products and services and the international team of dedicated employees make a winning combination for our customers and investors alike. Now Ill pass the program to Kurt for specifics on the quarter.
Kurt Kuehn:  Thanks Scott and good morning everyone. Given the business environment that existed when we began the quarter, I thought it would be difficult to find a silver lining. Fortunately I was mistaken.  UPS did make progress compared to the second quarter. Volume was a little bit stronger, especially in International. And by managing the business effectively we earned $0.55 per share, at the top of the range we provided. Cost initiatives continued to generate significant benefits. Last quarter I told you that UPS would achieve $1.2 to $1.3 billion in savings this year. Given the success weve had through the first nine months, we believe savings this year will approach $1.4 billion. Year-to-date we have saved $900 million. Going forward about two-thirds of these reductions are sustainable. Let me remind you that these savings are in addition to the gains we realized by managing our variable costs as volumes declined. Excluding fuel expense, operating costs for the quarter were down $683 million or 6.6% compared with last year. There are 17,000 fewer employees on our worldwide payroll than a year ago. Compensation expense excluding benefits, for the quarter decreased by 4.5%, reflecting productivity improvements and staffing reductions. These gains enabled UPS to narrow the gap between the percent decline in volume versus comp and benefit expense.  We continued to improve the efficiency of the UPS air network. Total block hours were down 10% allowing us to reduce fuel consumption by almost 9 million gallons. Consolidated operating margin remained at 8.3%, the same as last quarter, but down from 12.4% a year ago. Keep in mind that last years third quarter had a substantial benefit from the timing lag of the fuel surcharge. In addition, youll see that our effective tax rate for the quarter was reduced to 34.8%. We expect to see similar rates through next year. Now lets start our review with the U.S. package operations. For the quarter, total domestic volume was 799 million pieces, down 3.6%. Total volume is more indicative of the year-over-year performance than average daily volume in this third quarter. Heres why. UPS operated on Friday, July 3 and included it as an operating day. Volume on that day was substantially lower than average. Counting this as an operating day resulted in an average daily volume decline of 5.1%. The Domestic Package environment is actually better than this number implies. Ground daily volume was down 6%. However, we experienced a 2.5% increase in next day volume. This was the first time in almost two years weve seen growth in our next day products. Volume improved sequentially through the quarter, driven by both seasonality and some economic recovery. Revenue per piece was down over 9%. The decline was driven mostly by reduced fuel surcharges versus last year, 29% lower on air and almost 7% lower on ground products. Although package weights improved from the second quarter, they were still down about 7% from last year. Changes in product mix also contributed to the decline in revenue per piece. Despite these ongoing trends, operating margin improved 7.5%, up 50 basis points compared to second quarter. The current pricing environment remains challenging, driven by the economy and more specifically by our customers own margin pressures. As weve told you in the past, UPS solutions help our customers take costs out of their supply chain well beyond just the cost of the transportation service provided. Its critical that we at UPS convey the true value of these services. Therefore a top domestic priority today and into 2010 is improving our package yields. Our intention is to drive yield improvements from existing customers that did not provide a fully adequate return. Results from these efforts will become more meaningful as we progress through next year. UPSers managed operations well despite reduced volumes. Once again labor hours, miles driven and domestic block hours all declined by a greater percent than the percent of volume declines with productivity gains across the board. We are now down 13,000 people in our U.S. direct labor force. The benefits from productivity improvement and reduced headcounts were mitigated somewhat by a higher average hourly wage rate, healthcare inflation and increased pension expense.  Lets move now to the International segment. Signs of recovery emerged in the third quarter. Export volume declined only 3.2%, less than the market and less than the 4% to 6% we had anticipated three months ago. We did see sequential improvement in export volumes across all regions of the world compared to the second quarter.  Average daily domestic volume was up 9%. A portion of this improvement was contributed by our acquisition in Turkey, which was included in results for only two months of the quarter. But even without the impact from this acquisition, domestic volume growth turned positive with particular strengthening in the UK, Germany, France, Poland and Canada.  Excluding the effects of currency, revenue per piece declined 17.5%, primarily the result of reduced fuel surcharges. Changes in product mix and volume shifts across global trade lanes were also contributing factors.  Despite the reduction in volume and revenue, operating margin for the segment was 12.9%, essentially flat with last quarter and with last year. This remains by far the best in the industry. UPS International is also doing a great job with cost management and generating positive operating leverage around the world. International block hours dropped by almost 15% in the quarter without impacting our service footprint. UPS remains committed to controlling costs while still making the strategic investments to enable growth when economic conditions improve. Turning now to the Supply Chain & Freight segment, even though revenue was down almost 20%, all business units experienced moderation in the rate of decline. Operating margins remained   Operating margins remain at 5.5%, similar to last year. We maintained margins through successful cost control and effective revenue management. Our Logistics Group posted a solid performance. Margins were strong due to operational efficiencies and good contract management. We believe there is opportunity for margin expansion as we streamline our processes and rationalize our service offerings. In forwarding, revenue and profitability improved while operating margin was flat with last quarter. Global airlift capacity constraints have begun to squeeze industry margins. Taking advantage of our unique position as both an airline and a forwarder will enable us to reduce this margin pressure.  Also contending with very weak market conditions, UPS freight reported a modest 1.7% decline in LTL shipments. Despite the challenging operating environment, this business outperformed the market and maintained yields. The already weak LTL pricing environment deteriorated in the third quarter. UPS freight, though, opted to maintain its price discipline to the extent possible to ensure payment for value. This decision has resulted in the loss of some shipments and tonnage. Nevertheless, we believe this is the best strategy to preserve yield and the long-term health of the business. LTL revenue per hundredweight declined 6% and would have been positive without the impact of the fuel surcharge. In addition, our price index firmed slightly from the second to the third quarters.  Strong cash flow distinguishes UPS's business model. For the first third quarters of 2009, free cash flow was $3.4 billion, flat with last year after excluding the impact of tax refunds in 2008. This is a strong result considering that we contributed over $500 million to pension plans in the third quarter. For the first three quarters of this year, UPS also invested $1.2 billion in capital expenditures, spent $396 million to repurchase 7.8 million shares, paid dividends of $1.3 billion, and finished with $2.8 billion in cash and marketable securities. We anticipate that our capital expenditures for the full year will be $1.7 billion. This is down about $250 million from the last projection we provided you and down about $0.5 billion from our initial budget of $2.2 billion. This will put us below 4% of revenue this year, even after adding capacity in our global hub network. Looking forward, we expect to benefit from reduced interest expense as a result of a swap program that we initiated earlier this year that converts fixed-rate debt to floating. During the third quarter this program reduced our effective borrowing rate by approximately 40 basis points. We should see some additional benefits as this program continues. Looking at fourth quarter operations, our customers have widely differing views regarding peak season volumes this year. Let's say we have a healthy mix of bulls and bears. Overall, though, for the quarter we expect to see firming in U.S. volumes relative to the third quarter but still below last year. Operating margins should be similar to third quarter results.  In our International segment we expect our export volume and operating margins to improve modestly over the third quarter, but we'll still be down from last year also. The Supply Chain & Freight segment revenue trends should improve compared to third quarter results but remain below last year. We do anticipate operating margins should be similar to what we saw in the third quarter, which is substantially above last year. Based on our expectations for stronger sequential operating results in the fourth quarter, diluted earnings per share should be within a range of $0.58 to $0.65.  We'd now be happy to answer your questions.  
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Can you first just maybe bucket the cost savings that you have been talking about and talk about which of those buckets will tend to be more permanent than others?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, Jon, we have been taking a look at that and trying to get a good sense of really what is sustainable. There are some things that we did certainly in the short term given the emergency and the condition we saw in the economy, like freezing salaries, that frankly I hope we won't have to continue going forward, so some of those things. We've done some reductions in advertising; we did freeze salaries - some quick things just to stabilize the results. And those things presumably will go back to normal as the economy returns. But we've also done a lot of hard work to realign the network and are harvesting the benefits of that that will stay. We have continued to shrink our infrastructure of operating units both in the U.S. and across the globe to reduce some of our SG&A. As you know, we've opened up the first phase of our Worldport hub expansion that's allowed us to reduce the number of aircraft we use in our Domestic network substantially by retiring our DC-8s. That will continue to provide benefits. And we've also made a lot of creative changes in how we operate. So we do think about two-thirds of these savings will be sustainable, at least in the medium term.
Scott Davis: Jon, I would add that I think we'll have additional savings. We've done an awful lot of things on the network that we see more opportunities in the future. And with the expansion of Worldport, the final piece of that being completed next year gives us more opportunity to generate more network savings. So we're not done generating savings, also.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And then the second question was on the ground volume side. I understand the days adjustment that you'd mentioned, but most of the freight environment that we've seen has shown a noticeably less negative trend, whether it's rail, whether it's trucking freight, truckload, less than truckload, ocean liners. I'm a little bit surprised we didn't see more movement on the ground business sequentially from the developments in the second quarter. Any thoughts on that front?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, if you factor out the working day effect, that we divided by one extra day than some of the market, that gets us probably closer to about a 4.5% decline, which is a sequential 1% improvement in the ground. And we saw a little better sequential improvement later in the quarter, July both for the holiday and just the results were pretty bleak.  So it is what it is. We did see modest improvement, both because of seasonality and we think some because of sequential improvements. We're not trying to say that things have gone fully back to recovery, but we did see some strength in that. And typically the small package ground lags some of your heavier modes and your express in a recovery a little bit if there's some urgency for restocking.
Scott Davis: I think, clearly, as you head into October and November, that was kind of the worst case last year, when there was somewhat paralysis and the financial crisis. So the comps get much easier in October and November. We had a pretty good Christmas season the two weeks before Christmas, but up until then it was a pretty weak fourth quarter. So comps get easier going forward. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gary Chase - Barclays Capital.
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: A few questions on fuel, the topic that seems to be increasingly on people's minds these days for obvious reasons. First, we saw a lot of trade down in the air business as fuel prices peaked. I'm wondering as you talk to customers how they're thinking about the thought that seems to be front and center in just about everything you read, that energy is going to accompany any upside movement in the economic trend. Are you getting any feedback to suggest there might be more trade down coming?
Kurt Kuehn: No, I think if anything we're seeing a little bit of the opposite right now. The last year third quarter had 29% higher fuel surcharges than what we had in the third quarter of this year, so we're actually seeing tremendous stability and, in fact, you are seeing our air products show some resilience. So at least at the current levels, where you do have surcharges that are significantly below last year, and the gap between air and ground is fairly modest, we're seeing if anything really no signs of continued trade down. I think we mentioned last quarter that we'd seen that stabilize.  Clearly with fuel heading back up to $80 or so today, there will be some short-term headwinds for us with the lag of the fuel surcharge, in dramatic contrast to the tailwind we got last year. But our sense is unless fuel climbs another, I don't know, $15 a barrel or so, it's unlikely that those surcharges will be too detrimental to demand. And hopefully, if the economy continues to pick up, that'll be outweighed by the need for rapid replenishment of inventories. 
Gary Chase - Barclays Capital: And as a follow up, you talked in the past about the discounting of base rates during this process of fuel peaking. Were the surcharges largely intact so as energy prices move we should expect pretty good surcharge coverage looking forward?
Kurt Kuehn: Certainly compliance is higher with fuel surcharges in the single digits than it was when it went through 30%. That really created some tremendous pain for our customers and a lot of pressures on us for incentives. So we do see higher compliance rates right now. But, as I said in my prepared comments, yield management and making sure that we extract the value for the services we perform is one of our absolute top priorities in the domestic environment. We are seeing base rates up modestly if you factor out fuel and other factors. But it's still not a level we think it should be, and that'll continue to be a priority for us.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: I wanted to see if you could give us some perspective on the impact of currency. We estimate something like 10% of your revenue comes from your Europe business, and obviously you've seen a pretty sharp move of dollar weakness recently. It seems like there'd be a natural benefit there, but I know you're active with hedging. So I wonder if you could just take us through how dollar weakness potentially affects your International profitability and also kind of the timing of that impact in light of your hedging?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, well for Q3 currency was a headwind. If you recall last year, the euro spiked up significantly higher than it was in Q3. So currency was a headwind for us in the third quarter.
Scott Davis: The dollar actually weakened late in the third quarter. It's going to help us in the fourth quarter, but not much in the third. 
Kurt Kuehn: It will show certainly a strengthening coming into Q4, but Q3 was a headwind.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: I guess I was thinking more in terms of 2010. If the dollar stayed at $1.50 to the euro or weakened further, just kind of how to does hedging offset the benefit or would you pretty clearly get a margin benefit and a translation benefit in 2010 if the dollar keeps weakening?
Scott Davis: Tom, we've talked about this a lot in the past. We are hedged in 2010, and we would not expect a negative comparison based on our hedging position we have right now. And we have some upside, too. We deal with collars, but we have quite a bit of room on the upside. So we're positioned very well for 2010.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: We've heard about strengthening air freight out of Asia on the heavyweight air freight side; we heard about a spike recently in China. Does that follow through that you would see some good pickup in your parcel side out of Asia? Do you see a spike there as well, or do you think that's kind of decoupled from what's happening on the heavyweight side?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, we did see some sequential firming really across the world and Asia through September. The most notable event that's happened, which really confirms what you're saying, is the last several weeks we have seen a significant firming of demand on the air freight side. So things are very busy on the air freight side. I think it's too soon to call whether that'll ripple through as substantially in the package. But the combination of us having both the air freight and the package and the hard assets of the aircraft allows us to prosper, really, from either one of those two.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Can you just talk a bit about on this air and ground divergence here. In past downturns have you seen the dichotomy get this wide, where you're seeing the express run up so much more in advance of ground?
Scott Davis: I think if you look historically, Ken, you do see air have more leverage, both positive and negative. So that isn't totally surprising. There is certainly also more impact from the DHL departure from the U.S. market on the air business, so I don't want to draw too strong a point on it.  But on the other hand, also, this recession is much different than some of the ones in the past. Inventory levels are very low. We think it's premature to say that restocking is a dramatic part of that. But it is an interesting time for that, and we're going to be continuing to watch that closely.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Then just secondly on the LTL segment, I know it's small but the weight per shipment really dropped very significantly this quarter relative to where you were. Is there something driving that business, because it seems to have impacted the profitability a bit there?
Kurt Kuehn: No, we're pretty pleased with our operating results on the UPS freight. Clearly, the industry is still struggling dramatically. We do think there's some cannibalization of the heavier weight shipments going to truckload. I think another big part of it is that our go to market strategy of targeting the very large base of UPS customers, most notably in the middle market, is paying off, and they tend to have lighter weight shipments. But that's obvious in our yields, our revenue per hundredweight just down 6%. That would have been up 4% positive just taking fuel out of the equation.  So we feel very good that we are seeing very good discipline on the yield side and continuing to outgrow the market on our shipments.
Scott Davis: I think the key to us getting weights back across the board in our products is industrial production. And even though we're starting to see it strengthen and the third quarter was positive quarter-over-quarter, it was still down almost 10% year-over-year.  Now, we're optimistic going forward that IP will actually perform GDP as it comes back, but it's got a long ways to go to get back to 2007 levels. That will help our weight.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: Just kind of big picture, if I look at the Domestic Package OR it's worse than I would have expected down here, and probably the International's holding up a bit better. And it just feels like the Domestic Package volumes have weakened and the margin's not improving like the other margins are. Is that a fair way to think about it, that the mix, as ground shrinks and the air maybe from some of the DHL stuff and so forth grows, that it's tougher to get this margin back to where it was historically? And is there a plan to start to work on that mix and kind of focus on the ground a bit as you go out longer term?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we continue to be very focused on managing this domestic environment, Ed. We are seeing still a headwind on our average weights. Weight's down about 7%.  And maybe to follow up a little more on the ground trends, the ground is significantly impacted by this industrial and wholesale environment, as Scott mentioned. That's part of why you're seeing a little bit of a lag. We are seeing some firming in the economy, but it's not showing up substantially in industrial production. That really makes that ground product and our Domestic business move heavily. If you look, though, sequentially, quarter to quarter we actually improved margins from Q2 to Q3, Ed. And historically those margins dropped, say, 40 - 50 basis points sequentially. We actually improved them 50 basis points. So we're pretty confident that the aggressive cost management we're doing and the firming of yields that's beginning to take some impact are actually kicking in and that we do feel that the Q3 performance was better than Q2. 
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: As a follow up, on the International domestic side, volumes are up quite a bit relative to last quarter. Can you talk about how much of that's acquisition and what else is driving that?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, there's really three factors driving that, and it is a substantial difference than the negative results in Q2. First is that we did see some sequential firming in our major markets. The U.K., Germany, France, Poland, Canada, all of them, both our execution on market share gains and we think some stability in the market helped us generate positive growth in those countries.  In addition, as Scott mentioned, we have expanded our domestic services, added another 16 countries. We've found we can effectively layer in domestic express services in some of these smaller countries where we offer export services. And then third is the inclusion of the Turkey numbers in our results. Turkey is a substantial economy, and it did take us from being just slightly positive to substantially positive. We will continue to see the benefit of that and are excited about having that extra capability in our portfolio.
Scott Davis: I think the one area that I was surprised with was Europe. I think on previous calls I've said I've been a little more optimistic on Asia and probably the U.S. export than I have been in Europe, but we did see surprisingly good improvement in Europe, as Kurt mentioned - good growth in German, France, the U.K.'s shown some improvement. So, again, I'm not quite as bearish on Europe as I was on previous calls. It's looking better. 
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research: Did I hear right - it's 9 points of improvement from the acquisition give or take?
Kurt Kuehn: No, we would have been modestly positive without that, so it's a little less than that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from William Greene - Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Just a couple of data questions. Can you tell me what the U.S. import volume trends look like and what B2C volume trends look like as well in the quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: Import U.S. improved modestly, still remain negative. Import and export U.S. are both about the same right now; we're not seeing a big move either way.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Sorry, Kurt, did you say improved modestly year-over-year?
Kurt Kuehn: No, no.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: That was sequential?
Kurt Kuehn: Over the course of the quarter - it's still negative year-over-year. We haven't seen a big move in U.S. imports or exports. Certainly the U.S.-Asia numbers are firming a little better than what we saw for the U.S. and Europe relationship.
Scott Davis:  And I think other than that that the Europe exports to the U.S., obviously, are weak with the weakness of the dollar. 
Kurt Kuehn: And the B2C numbers are flat to slightly positive. That segment has moved down dramatically versus some of the double-digit numbers we saw several years ago.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: And then when you guys report UPS Basic, do you put it in the ground numbers?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, that's included in our package numbers. We do have a mail innovation unit that handles flats and more in the mail injection services. That's included in our Logistics Group.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robin Byde - HSBC.
Robin Byde - HSBC: Just a question on international exports. I think I heard you say that volumes and margins should recover in Q4. Can you just say a bit about what's going to drive that, please?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, I think seasonally Q4 is typically a better quarter for us than Q3, so we do expect to see some modest margin improvements from that. Plus we are seeing modest firming, we think, in trends across the world.  And frankly, Robin, we continue to be very optimistic that we're gaining market share. I mean, UPS remains very focused. We've got a strong business model and some very large points of differentiation having a balanced capability across the world, so we're looking for continued market share growth, continued improvements in margins, and are pleased with our progress in that arena.
Robin Byde - HSBC: Is this market share gain mainly in Europe domestic?
Kurt Kuehn: No. It's the international export numbers. We've continued to dramatically outperform the industry by just about any measure. We think that we are continuing to do that. We're seeing good success in competing against DHL across the world, with them having a big gap in the U.S. portfolio. And frankly, we remain, we think, the only player that's got a strong value proposition in all areas of the globe.
Scott Davis: If you look at the trends over the last three to five years, it's been very consistent, the outperformance of the market. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company, LLC.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company, LLC: Just kind of a bigger picture question as well. I know that there's still work to do, and I know that these early signs of recovery are kind of tepid at best. But do you start, in terms of the big picture strategy, kind of thinking a little bit differently now at this inflection point as things are firming up a little bit where we go from aggressive cost reduction to maybe a little bit more modest and looking a little bit more at some of the growth drivers? 
Scott Davis: I think, Nate, that our strategy is sound, and I'm a firm believer that global trade is going to lead us out of this recession that we're in. So I think UPS is positioned extremely well, and I think our focus on the products we're looking at today - the international products, the domestic products I think puts us in a very good position to participate in the growth. I'm very optimistic that UPS is in the right place at the right time.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company, LLC: And just as a tangent question to that in terms of the plans for [entering] China in terms of maybe an update there with a lot of growth coming out of that region? 
Scott Davis: Clearly, we've done very well in China on the import and export side for many years, and I don't see any change ahead of us there.  There are some challenges competing domestically in China. I think it's pretty clear that people are aware of the new China postal law that came into effect on October 1st. That limits the international carriers from participating in the domestic letter market, which we think is unfair and think that it's bad for China to keep the international companies out of that marketplace. But notwithstanding, we're going to continue to look for opportunities to expand in domestic China in the years ahead because it'll be a strong market. But in the meantime we'll continue to prosper in the import and export portion of that market. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: A question just on the UPS Basic. It's a very small piece of the portfolio, and I wanted to get your sense of how you think about growing that given the success that others have had growing the consolidator business as, I guess, a secondary offering to ground. 
Scott Davis: We actually led the market with the introduction of Basic a number of years ago, and that continues to be a part of our portfolio.  We really have three product lines that can address the needs of B2C shippers -- our traditional UPS product, whether that's ground or air depending on the speed need, and that comes with all the bells and whistles, tracking capability, guarantees; we have the UPS Basic that's for lighter-weight packages in which UPS delivers the majority of those packages but in many of the territories that are more outlying we do inject those into the post office; and then we have our Mail Innovations Group - that's a key part of our Logistics Group - that offers services for injection into the mail primarily focused at third class injection, and that also handles a number of packages that are very lightweight, typically a pound or less.  So that is a portfolio that we enjoy, and we do continue to offer value to customers based on the trade-off of service and speed and value. 
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: And then just a follow up question on I guess the package cars that are running around the U.S. You've had some alternative fuel I guess tested in there. Can you explain what's going on with maybe a shift in the fleet?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes. We continue to aggressively develop and deploy alternative fuel vehicles. We continue to have the largest private fleet of alternative fuel vehicles in the U.S.  We have been adding natural gas vehicles, a number of those, in those locations where the infrastructure is available, and we'll continue to do that. We also have added several hundred hybrid electric vehicles, and we're seeing good results there. And then really our newest technology is the hybrid hydraulic that restores breaking energy into a hydraulic tank and allows the vehicle then to start off of that, and that has very substantial benefits on returning the energy that's lost. But it's still early in the game. 
Scott Davis: We certainly have one of the largest rolling laboratories in the world out there right now, but it's going to take industry to come together and government to come together and agree on standardization of the right alternative energy vehicles to get this to be economically the right thing to do. So we're working on it, we're leading the way, but we've got a way to go. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: We're starting to lap the comps on DHL pulling out of the domestic market here, and I guess when you do the postmortem how do you think you guys fared from a market share standpoint? Where did you get more than you thought you would? Where did you get less? And maybe you could talk a little bit about the stickiness of that business and whether or not you think there's still market share opportunities to attract it.
Kurt Kuehn: You know, Justin, it has been awhile, so the longer time goes on the fuzzier it gets as customers adapt and evolve. But clearly we are confident that we did get a little more than half of the available revenues from that opportunity late last year, and that we've been pretty successful in including that into our business and certainly solidifying relationships with those customers. Those packages were lighter weight than average and so there was some impact, and you're seeing that in some of our yields. But we feel very good that we've successfully made that transition.  Domestic market share, that's pretty much stable, but the focus on international products against DHL continues to be a top priority for us. They are the market leader in much of Asia and Europe, and so we feel very comfortable competing with them. The value proposition of technology, service and quality that UPS offers stands up very well with them, and that continues to be one of the catalysts for our outperformance internationally.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: And I guess along those lines, as we look at the free cash flow generation that you guys have been able to achieve and you think about an emerging recovery hopefully in the overall economy, when you start thinking about opportunities and acquisitions out there for you guys, I guess it'd be interesting to hear you talk about, I know you break down different geographies in terms of whether or not you think they're mature or opportunities, and maybe if any of those geographies have changed one way or the other and have become more attractive or less attractive. And then maybe conceptually what types of acquisitions you're going to be looking for as we move into this environment, and if any of them are large scale or if you think that you're more in a tuck-in mode on a go forward basis.
Scott Davis: I think our strategy has not changed much. I think we've been active right through the recession. You've seen us doing a lot of acquisitions in the last 12 months, including Korea. We talked about Turkey - Romania, Slovenia. So we've been pretty active in that front. There's certainly been a lot of focus on Eastern Europe, a lot of focus still on Asia.  I think our priorities still are international package. I think that'd be our first priority, where we'd do our acquisitions.  I've said in the past that I wanted to see our forwarding units start generating better margins before we got back in the market. We've made a lot of progress in that area. You're starting to see the margins improve. You're starting to see us get close to generating an economic profit in those arenas, so it's more realistic that we'll look in that arena again moving forward. But primarily we'd lead with international package, some interest in the supply chain arena, focused on forwarding, geographies still probably Asia, Mid East, Eastern Europe would lead the way. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co.: I just wanted to clarify the international situation, where you mentioned increasing demand, shortages in capacity in some markets, therefore, as a forwarder, when you're buying capacity you may get squeezed; as a cargo carrier you'll benefit from the higher yields. Do you think the rates will go up as fast as the cost of purchase in transportation markets as a forwarder? Do you think your rates will match those cost increases?
Kurt Kuehn: David, there clearly is a challenge in the forwarding industry right now. We saw a little bit of that in Q3 with margins beginning to tighten a little bit. So, no, I think there is an expectation that the forwarders will have to adapt to increasing demand and increasing rates. That's just part of the cycle you live through. We do think that with our unique position of both our assets and other assets we've got some options to route volume in a way that gives us a unique opportunity economically, and so we're looking forward to that challenge.  But we have seen, as I said, the last probably three, four weeks in Asia some real uptick, most notably on the high tech side, with goods being exported on the freight side. So that's a good sign, and we'll adapt. It may hurt us a little bit on the margin side, but it's good news overall.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co.: If demand is so strong, why is it that shippers won't match the increases in costs because they want to get their product out?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, we'll see. There's usually a lag but that's certainly our priority, you know, to make sure that we stay on the right side of this dynamic. But it's pretty typical as you see cycles work in forwarding that there's some margin compression on the way up.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: It seemed like that you didn't get all that much leverage as you walked from Q2 to Q3. Revenues were up, but the increase in operating profit on the back of that increase in revenue was relative small. Can you give us some feel for why that may be? Is it fuel? Is it mix? And then is this the kind of contribution, something around 10% or 11%, that we should expect as revenues increase sequentially going forward?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, Chris, Q3 typically is a challenging quarter. Internationally, it tends to be one of the low quarters because there's significant vacations in August in Europe, and Europe is certainly a heavy quarter for us. And even domestically, the third quarter typically is a little less profitable than the second quarter, as we talked about. We did see, I guess, a drag in our International segment, both from currency changes and fuel -- modest drags but that was a drag. And on a year-over-year basis clearly there were huge comps.  So we're pretty pleased actually that we operated effectively. We didn't knock it out of the park in the third quarter, but we are seeing excellent operating results, continued reductions in cost, and feel pretty good that we actually overcame the normal seasonal downturn from Q2 to Q3 with our results.
Christopher Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Then one big picture question: Have you seen any evidence, either in the U.S. or internationally, of small business owners opening new accounts with UPS? I think you'd mentioned in the past that that can be a lead indicator that the economy is starting to get better.
Scott Davis: I think we're seeing some of that, but I think Kurt summarized the conditions pretty well. There's still a mix out there. There's still some people who want to see a little more recovery, and we're in the early stages of it.  Obviously, we're seeing some new small business customers coming in but still not at the rate we'd like to see to know this is absolutely a sustained recovery.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Back to your comments about China domestic and your expansion possibilities there. It seems like you get a rule change a month or so from the Chinese government as to what can only be handled by China post and that type of thing. Has that influenced you at all in terms of timing and pace at which you would look to move into that market?
Scott Davis: I think it's something that all the international companies are concerned about, the new postal law that went in October 1st. We're still going to have great interest in competing domestically in China.  We've had actually great success with the Chinese government on the import and export and getting the rights, the plane rights that we have for our new hub, Shenzhen, in Shanghai. So the relationship has been good.  We're patient, and we think there'll be some good opportunities going forward.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: And then as you look at the fourth quarter you normally do a fair amount of, I guess, part-time hiring in the fourth quarter for the holiday season and that type of thing. Given where volumes are and that type of thing - and I would imagine some capacity in your system - is there any need to do much of that at all in the fourth quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, John, we do expect to continue to do that. I actually started with the company as a temporary hire for Christmas, and we're estimating about 50,000 jobs that will be added for the seasonal growth. That's a little below what we normally do, but we're still looking. Even if numbers come in at the low range of expectations for holiday shopping, it's still a big increase over the normal time of year.  And as I mentioned, there is a pretty wide divergence of opinions. We're seeing some of the brick-and-mortar players be fairly conservative, but there's a number of the dot com players that are expecting substantial increases. So we'll see how that battle of the bulls and the bears turns out.
Andy Dolny: That concludes our Q&A today. I'm now going to turn the program over to Scott for some concluding remarks.
Scott Davis: Thanks, Andy. Let me make a couple of comments just regarding economic conditions.  I tend to be an optimistic by nature yet a realist by experience. And on balance I believe this recovery is real, but it's still fragile. I believe it's sustainable but vulnerable, at least for the foreseeable future. But I firmly believe that global trade will lead it rather than lag it. And one thing I know for certain - UPS is at the forefront of global trade and is going to help lead the way.  Thanks so much for joining us today.
Operator:  Thank you. And this does conclude the UPS third quarter earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President Investor Relations Scott Davis  CEO Kurt Kuehn  CFO
Analysts: Gary Chase  Barclays Capital William Green  Morgan Stanley Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan Ken Hoexter  Merrill Lynch Helane Becker  Jesup & Lamont Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Co. Nate Brochmann  William Blair  Justin Yagerman  Deutsche Bank  John Barnes  RBC Capital Markets  
Operator: Welcome to the UPS investor relations second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It's now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir the floor is all yours.
Andy Dolny:  Good morning everybody and thanks for joining us today. Scott Davis, our CEO and Kurt Kuehn our CFO, are ready to provide insight into the companys second quarter results and our expectations going forward. Before I turn the program over to them, however, I want to review the Safe Harbor language.  Some of the comments well make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2008 Form 10-K and first quarter 2009 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission. This conference call is being web cast and will be available on our Investor Relations website. In our earnings announcement today you will notice there was an after-tax charge of $48 million. This non-cash charge was for the re-measurement of certain foreign currency obligations which did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. It had no impact on operating income or cash flow; however it did reduce diluted earnings per share by $0.05. Excluding this charge, EPS for the second quarter was $0.49.  Reconciliation of this adjustment to comparable GAAP measures is explained in the Schedules that accompanied our earnings release this morning. The Schedules are also available on the UPS IR website in the financial section. When Scott and Kurt discuss second quarter performance they will refer to results excluding this charge.  During the question-and-answer session, I remind you that you will be limited to one question and a follow-up. This will ensure that all will have an opportunity to participate. I will turn the program now over to Scott. 
Scott Davis :  Thanks Andy and good morning everyone. On our last call we told you that economic conditions for the second quarter would be slightly worse than the first and UPS performance would reflect those conditions. That is what happened. The results we announced today are a clear indication of the tough economic environment. As you are aware, the rates of decline of some key indicators like GDP and industrial production have slowed. Other indicators like manufacturing and service sector indices are exhibiting signs of improvement.  Most forecasters are saying we may be at the bottom. Whether or not we are at the bottom is not the main issue. What is important is how long we remain here and what type of recovery we will have. Remember, all these indicators are still well into negative territory, illustrating the challenges that lay ahead. We will continue to manage the company under the assumption that the economy will stay at this level until definitive signs of improvement materialize.  Looking at UPS results for the quarter everything played out pretty much as we thought with the exception of international volume which declined more than we had anticipated. Our cost initiatives are exceeding target levels. However, these savings were not enough to fully offset the impact of global economic weakness.  Nonetheless, UPS is continuing to be alert and investing in growth opportunities to assure we are ready when economic activity revives. During the quarter we expanded our global footprint in Eastern Europe and the Middle East with acquisitions in Slovenia and Turkey. We also formed a joint venture headquartered in Dubai as a springboard to grow package, freight and contract logistics services in 21 countries across the Middle East, Turkey and Central Asia. Turkey has become a vital link in global commerce. We see it as the transportation bridge between Asia and Europe.  In the logistics arena we established a field stocking location network in India to address critical parts service in that country. We opened two healthcare logistics facilities, one in the Netherlands and one in Puerto Rico, expanding our global presence in this sector with state of the art certified capabilities to serve pharmaceutical, medical device and biotech customers.  Prudent investment even in challenging economic times not only helps our customers but it also UPS remain positioned to capitalize when trends improve. We are a company that will weather this recession and emerge even stronger.  Just after the quarter ended we released our 2008 Corporate Sustainability Report. This is the most data rich and global report we have ever produced and it has been well received. We disclosed both our direct and indirect missions, a level of reporting that is unusual for our industry. Because of our integrated network, most modern aircraft fleet and extensive use of the rails, UPS is the environmental leader in the U.S. delivery industry. Nonetheless, we have committed to reduce our airlines carbon emissions by an additional 20% by 2020 for a cumulative reduction of 42% since 1990. To us, sustainability isnt just corporate jargon. It is a commitment to our customers, employees, shareholders and the communities we serve to remain transparent and follow responsible business practices.  Before I turn the program over to Kurt I want to thank UPSers around the world for their efforts and dedication in managing through these tough economic times. We will not only create better leverage in our operations but UPS will be a stronger organization when the economy recovers.  Now Kurt will provide detail on our second quarter results.  
Kurt Kuehn :  Thanks Scott and good morning everyone. Stagnant economic activity around the world negatively affected all of our business units. Although we exceeded our target cost savings, they were not enough to offset revenue declines in the quarter. Operating expense declined almost 10% excluding fuel and diluted earnings per share were $0.49, in the middle of the range we provided.  UPS is ahead of plan on our cost reduction initiatives and we expect to come in 20-25% higher than our initial target. Therefore we anticipate realizing between $1.2-1.3 billion from our cost control efforts for the year. Our compensation and staffing initiatives coupled with our continued productivity improvements allowed us to reduce direct payroll by almost 5%. This was partially offset by healthcare inflation and increased pension expense.  Total block hours in our airline were down 11% enabling us to reduce fuel consumption by 14 million gallons. Our consolidated quarterly margin was 8.3% which is low for UPS but still the best in the industry.  Now lets start our overview with the U.S. package operations. For the quarter package volume declined 4.6% a little more than in the first quarter. Ground volume was down 5.4% while air volume was essentially flat with last year and slightly better than in the first quarter. Let me remind you that the apparent strength in the air volumes is attributable to DHLs exit from the U.S. domestic market.  Revenue per piece was down about 8%. The decline was driven by the reduction of fuel surcharges on air and ground products of 24% and 5% respectively. Lighter average weight per package and changes in product mix also contributed to the decline. These trends along with the decrease in volume eroded margins. As we have said in the past, margins in this segment will remain under pressure until economic conditions improve.  During the quarter we launched the UPS Advantage sales program. It aims to build awareness among customers of our comprehensive value proposition based upon reliability, speed, technology and service. The current pricing environment continues to be very challenging driven by the economy and our customers urgent need for help in reducing their transportation spend but the pricing environment remains rational.  While we are working with our customers to address their needs we believe in the value offered in our superior service and reliability and do not compete on price alone. In fact, our solutions can often reduce overall supply chain costs without necessarily leading to direct price reductions. As the economy improves we expect pricing to improve as well.  UPSers are managing operations well in the face of reduced volume. For example, labor hours were down almost 7% with productivity improvements across the board. In addition, miles driven were down 5% and domestic block hours decreased almost 6%. The full benefit from these operating metrics is being reduced, however, by a higher direct average hourly wage rate, healthcare inflation and increased pension expense.  Notwithstanding todays weak economy we have continued with our $1 billion expansion of the Worldport air hub in Louisville. In early July we announced the completion of that expansion which increased sorting capacity 15% to 350,000 packages per hour. The final phase of this expansion will be completed next year bringing our sort capacity to 416,000 pieces per hour. Maximizing the volume that moves through Worldport allows us to optimize our network, flying fewer but larger and more efficient aircraft.  This is a great example of UPS long-term strategy. We are keeping one eye on the economic challenges of today and the other on the opportunities of tomorrow.  Lets move now to the international segment. Weakness was apparent in all regions of the world. Volume declined 5.5% with export volumes down 7.3% and domestic down 4.3%. Excluding the impact of the timing of Easter, export volume would have been down about 5%. Reduced revenue and volume reflect our customers lower levels of business activity. In spite of this reduced volume, UPS continues to gain market share in contrast to double digit volume declines in the marketplace.  Excluding the effects of currency, revenue per piece declined 11.4% as a result of reduced fuel surcharges, changes in product mix, lower weight packages and volume shifts across global trade lanes. Despite the reduction in both volume and revenue, operating margin for the segment was 13%. This was essentially flat with last quarter and only 80 basis points below last year and is still the best in the industry.  Aggressive cost control contributed to maintaining our strong margins. For example, international block hours dropped almost 16% in the quarter without impacting our service footprint. Indirect operating expenses declined almost 8%. As Scott indicated, UPS is committed to controlling our costs while still making the strategic investment that will enable growth when economic conditions improve.  Turning now to the supply chain and freight segment, revenue was down almost 23% with all business units experiencing declines. However, the 7% operating margin reflected successful cost management in each business. Logistics posted solid performance with improved revenue management and targeted growth particularly in the healthcare and high tech sectors. Forwarding margins improved as cost initiatives successfully took hold.  Despite very weak market conditions, UPS freight posted increased revenue, LTL shipments and tonnage over first quarter results. Effective cost control and productivity gains enabled UPS freight to break even for the quarter. This business continues to take market share while remaining disciplined on yields. Its 1.9% decline in shipments year-over-year was in sharp contrast to severe market declines. Our no fee guarantee for both regional and long haul shipments continues to be a competitive advantage and we are also benefiting from leveraging our small package sales force and further penetrating the key middle market customer sector.  This quarter we did mark down certain preferred shares and auction rate securities to their market value. The write down was $17 million and is reflected as an offset to our investment income. In spite of the earnings decline, free cash flow for the first six months of 2009 increased by $195 million over last year excluding the impact of the tax refund in 2008. An intense focus on capital expenditures and working capital enabled UPS to generate a total of $2.7 billion in free cash flow.  For the first six months UPS also invested $671 million in capital expenditures, spent $248 million to repurchase 5.1 million shares, paid dividends of $876 million maintaining our $0.45 dividend and ended the first half of the year with $3.3 billion in cash and marketable securities. Clearly strong cash flow remains a hallmark of the UPS business model.  Now for our outlook. We expect business conditions in the third quarter will be similar to those in the second. In our U.S. domestic operations, average daily volume should decline at a pace similar to the second quarter. Operating margin will remain weak due to seasonal trends and the continued challenge of lighter average weight, mix shift and lower volume. In the international segment export volume is expected to decline about 4-6% with operating margins similar to the second quarter.  The supply chain and freight segment should see trends similar to the second quarter with operating margins slightly less than last year. Our ongoing cost control initiatives will continue to provide benefits across all business units.  Considering all of this, earnings per share should be in a range of $0.45 to $0.55 for the quarter, the same range we provided for the second quarter.  With that Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Gary Chase  Barclays Capital. 
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: On the outlook as you talked about business conditions remaining the same can you talk about what you are seeing and what you expect in terms of weight per package and how that has been trending? Do you expect that will continue to decelerate or just kind of bounce along at these lows? What is kind of embedded there? 
Kurt Kuehn :  The real theme that we are seeing right now is that the negative trends have stabilized. Year-over-year weights and product mix are down but if you look sequentially really over the last 3-4 months we are seeing the trends stabilize. We are in a flat period right now. Certainly very negative to last year both in trends and statistics. We dont see any increase in negative momentum. Weight trends should be very similar to Q2. 
Scott Davis :  You just have to look at industrial production too and when it turns and it will at some point in time here in the future and you still start seeing manufacturing sector kick in more and that will certainly help weight. 
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: The supply chain was surprisingly good for the quarter. You wouldnt have expected that kind of performance after the first, or at least I wouldnt have. Was the variance there that freight broke even or was it more on the logistics side and should we be considering this as a sustainable level or was there something unique about the second quarter for you there? 
Kurt Kuehn :  It was really improved performance across all three of the primary sectors. Certainly UPS freight has done a good job of continuing to have relative momentum to successfully gain share across all sectors but most notably in the middle market and even though pricing is challenging our revenue per hundred weight after you take out fuel is pretty stable. So freight did show substantial benefit over the last three quarters and the earnings bringing it back to break even was important.  Logistics has been very successful in the last few quarters in tightening its focus. We think we have created some very unique solutions for high tech and of course healthcare which we talked a lot about. We have been very disciplined in adding capacity where we know there is sustainable business that will generate good margins. We have seen good results. We have trimmed down some locations and streamlined that business so you are seeing the benefit of a couple of years of hard work.  In the forwarding business clearly the growth is challenged but we were very successful really managing costs on all fronts. The purchase transportation opportunities are pretty good right now. You have seen other forwarders improving margins in that sector but we have also done a very comprehensive review of our operating expenses, the number of facilities we need and our indirect expenses. Good cost management on all fronts there helped us to create pretty good profits even in a tough environment.  Having said that, we are not necessarily going to be at 7% margins all quarters. Q3 is a little more challenging. We do expect some of the great deals in forwarding may tighten up a little bit as rates begin to reverse. We feel very positive on all three fronts. 
Operator:  The next question comes from William Green  Morgan Stanley. 
William Green  Morgan Stanley:   When you talk about your outlook saying you have stabilized but not really see much in the way of improvement. If this is sort of the new normal, a level off which we will have gradual growth, is the network right sized or is it over resourced? How do you think about where you are if this is the level off which we will be for awhile? 
Scott Davis :  We still have work to do. Clearly we are not thrilled with the results we had in Q2. We have been chasing the market down. We have been making what we think are some pretty dramatic changes in our network. Taking block hours down 16% for the quarter for international is a great example. Stabilized at this level, we still have work to do. Our network changes in some cases lagged. We still have plenty of opportunity to leverage the expanded Worldport capacity, taking a large number of aircraft out of the air. On all fronts if it stabilizes at this level we are going to continue to work real hard because we are not happy with where we are at. 
Kurt Kuehn :  I wouldnt call it the new normal. I think you still go back and look at the second quarter we had industrial production drop 13.2% year-over-year which is a staggering number. The issue going into the third quarter is we think that the big drops are over with but we are still going to have tough year-over-year comparisons. It will come back. Industrial production will grow again. This isnt the new normal. 
William Green  Morgan Stanley: Can you give us B to C growth, what it was in quarter and also can you tell us or remind us what the fuel headwind is for the third quarter? 
Kurt Kuehn :  B to C was close to break even, maybe very slightly positive which is quite a difference from the double digit trends we have seen. Fuel was a bit of a headwind in the second quarter and clearly the third quarter we dont know how it is going to end up but our guess is it wont be a big factor either way. 
William Green  Morgan Stanley:  But you had a tailwind last year from it. You made money on fuel isnt that right just because of the timing? 
Kurt Kuehn :  $90 million domestic last year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research. 
Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research: Again on the outlook, when you gave the guidance a quarter ago you talked about second quarter which is normally a seasonally better quarter than first being impacted by the timing of Easter and the year-over-year Easter. Now you are giving third quarter guidance and saying it is the same as second and the same as first but we dont have those Easter issues, you have most cost savings under your belt and things seem to be stabilized. It feels kind of conservative. What am I missing here? 
Kurt Kuehn :  You are missing the fact as you said initially that Q3 is typically one of the weakest quarters of the year. Certainly there are challenges. Europe tends to take a lot of the months off for vacation. Our trends so far for July show no material up tick in growth. We are cautious frankly. We dont think things are getting dramatically worse but we dont have any confidence that either demand or activity is going to pick up substantially so that happens in Q3 which is typically one of our weakest quarters leads to the guidance that basically says things will offset the Easter impact in the second quarter.
Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research: Can you talk about the domestic volumes and export volumes, how they trended from April through July so far directionally in the quarter if you cant give exact numbers? 
Kurt Kuehn :  It is that same kind of flat trend we are talking about. April was a little distorted because of the Easter impact so April was worse than the following month. If you filter that out basically we have seen trends across domestic transactions very negative but steady I guess all the way through the current time. Internationally no huge changes in trends although clearly the overall total international did weaken sequentially from Q1 to Q2. Within that we still see that relatively stable also. So we are sitting here at this bottom and that is why, as Scott said, the real question is how do we and when do we work out? 
Operator:  The next question comes from Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan. 
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: I wanted to ask you a bit more about the revenue per piece and if you could give us perhaps a sense on domestic air and ground side and what the break out looks like in terms of how much is fuel, how much is price, how much is weight per piece. If you dont want to be specific at least directionally and talk maybe a little bit about the pricing environment. Has that gotten any better or is it still pretty challenging? 
Kurt Kuehn :  Clearly this is a challenging time for all businesses to show substantial yield increases and our industry sector is no exception although I would say the small package environment remains much more rational than certainly the LTL environment where it is very challenging. The big pressure, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, is that customers are urgently looking for ways to reduce their expenses so we do see tremendous requests from our customers to find a way to take costs down.  Our first approach is lets look at the supply chain; lets look at your supply chain. Lets see how we can help you optimize and in some cases we are driving trade down to help customers trade off speed for cost. That is keeping us very busy. All of our sales people and solutions people are actively engaged.  The overall competitive environment remains rational but challenging. We see the primary pressure coming directly from customers rather than any specific competitors. If you factor out fuel and some of the characteristics changes like weight, basically we show slight increases in base rates for the ground business and basically flat base rates for the air. So those are not great numbers. Clearly historically we have seen better trends but it is stable. 
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: A follow-up on that is there a time, you have contracts that re-price through the year but when might be the timing you think you have lapsed the re-pricing pressure and when you maybe get beyond that resetting the tougher contracts down a bit? Is there any time you think we will get to that or are we close to that? 
Kurt Kuehn :  I think you would have to see a little bit of a boost in the economy to change that balance. There is some lapping but I think it is more driven by economic conditions. As long as the trends are flat or year-over-year comps are dramatically negative customers are going to be very cautious about speeding up the supply chain. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Ken Hoexter  Merrill Lynch. 
Ken Hoexter  Merrill Lynch: You talked a bit about the 16% reduction on the international block hour side as a way of really controlling costs on the international side. Can you talk about what opportunities are on the domestic side to really look at some additional cost cutting and getting those margins back up or is it just simply the volumes turning? 
Kurt Kuehn :  No, work continues. We have been thrilled. If you remember a couple of quarters ago I mentioned one of our biggest challenges was creating a very intense cost control focus in our international business. It is really in the last decade we have seen great growth trends and I do want to commend our international network and operations people for very quickly reassessing the network and making changes that keep our customers happy but also has trimmed down expenses dramatically. We have been very pleased. I know Scott has been pleased also with our progress on international.  Domestically we have had no less of intense a focus. We have taken block hours down 6%. But we were starting from a much more well tuned and refined base. The low hanging fruit perhaps is a little harder to get to. We have made dramatic changes in our domestic environment we are going to continue to leverage this expansion of capabilities at Worldport. As you know we shut down two major air hubs and we are significantly reducing the number of aircraft. It is a little harder work there but we have made substantial benefits.  I also mentioned our direct labor hours are down 7% against less than 5% volume decline. We are working very hard there. Much of that is being offset by some of the indirect expenses of our pension increases and healthcare increases and the adverse wage mix impact as we have a more senior workforce since so much of our growth has disappeared and we dont have as many junior drivers. There is great productivity trends going on. We will towards the end of the year start to lapse some of that wage pressure so that will moderate and then as we get growth we should see some real benefit. 
Scott Davis :  I think we know volumes will come back and we are positioned extremely well. The network efficiencies will certainly improve dramatically with volumes. Increased densities will reduce our costs. Obviously as talked about the effective wage rate for our drivers will drop. A lot of leverage there when we get some volume back. 
Ken Hoexter  Merrill Lynch: To follow-up on the DHL side on domestic air, can you quantify how much of that gain or change in volumes is still coming from DHL? Just to wrap up, there is no legacy way the union can pull in any kind of costs is there on the multi-employer pension plan? 
Kurt Kuehn : 
 :
Scott Davis :  I think in general we talked a little bit last quarter we are very active working with the Teamsters and the competition committee looking for flexibility in ways to help manage our costs in this tough economy. I would say both parties are working aggressively together to figure out the flexibilities. 
Ken Hoexter  Merrill Lynch: There is not something they can pull you in on is what Im asking on the plan you have heard of last? 
Scott Davis :  On the central states? 
Ken Hoexter  Merrill Lynch :  Yes. 
Scott Davis :  It is extraordinarily remote. All of the employers [have been] dropped from the plan between now and the end of 2010. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Helane Becker  Jesup & Lamont. 
Helane Becker  Jesup & Lamont: As you look through this economic downturn and you look ahead to where you want UPS to be positioned internationally, can you address you are talking a bit about the acquisitions you are thinking about in the Middle East and Dubai and so on. Can you just talk about how your expansion in those areas either expands your footprint, lowers your cost, helps you worldwide? 
Scott Davis :  First of all, we are really proud of our track record internationally. We have grown market share pretty much every quarter for the last several years in all regions of the world so we are pleased. That doesnt mean there isnt room for improvement. As we said before we are clearly focused on Central and Eastern Europe and Asia where there is more room for us I think to take advantage of opportunistic investments and continue to fill out our network which again I think is still the most complete global network in the world.  I think there is opportunities. As we have talked before down the road one of the challenges will be domestic China. We are going to keep looking for opportunities there. It is going to be a market with a lot of consumers over the next 20 years and we need to be positioned there. I think what we have done recently with Eastern Europe and Turkey, for example, our most successful contractor was out of Turkey. We made that acquisition and really used his expertise to help develop the Middle East.  I think again overall we are positioned extremely well internationally but we are certainly not complacent in those areas we can still invest in. 
Helane Becker  Jesup & Lamont: A follow-up question, when I look at the sequential numbers in other expenses going from $1.2 billion to $953 million is there something non-recurring in there or is that just where all your cost cutting is coming through? 
Kurt Kuehn :  You are looking quarter-to-quarter? 
Helane Becker  Jesup & Lamont: Yes. 
Kurt Kuehn :  The $1.2 billion was impacted because of the impairment on the DC8. Although we are still making good progress but I cant take credit for that on an ongoing basis. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan. 
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: I apologize if you already addressed this but looking at the quarter-to-quarter changes in yields, domestic yields across the board were down in Q2 relative to Q1 and I assume a lot of that was fuel and some of the other issues you talked about. But internationally they were up. Can you talk a little bit about why the difference in the trend in the two areas? 
Kurt Kuehn :  International has the additional moving part of the currency impact. We are also seeing continued changes in the lane mix. Our worldwide traffic, Asia to Europe and Asia to U.S. continues to show more pressure and so there is some shifting there with more regional trade patterns than global. We have been talking about how strong the Asia Europe lane was. That has changed over the last couple of quarters. You do get a lower weighted average revenue per piece although frankly we have been able to offset that with substantial block hour reductions. It is our job to try to match those changing trade patterns with our network. 
Scott Davis :  On the domestic side we averaged only 0.33% fuel surcharge on air and 2.5% on ground. 
Art Hatfield  Morgan Keegan: As a follow-up into another area. Can you talk a little bit about what you are doing in the LTL business? What you are doing to perform better than what we are seeing from some of the other carriers so far this quarter? 
Kurt Kuehn :  We have been working hard for the last couple of years to build a sustainable, differentiated service in the LTL industry. We have spent a lot of money and done a lot of work on creating technology integration that is fairly unique in the LTL service. Our half million world ship customers now have the ability to do transactions in an automated fashion and to have visibility with our inbound visibility and outbound visibility tools. So the technology and ease of use is a big differentiator. We have spent a lot of time training sales forces on both sides to help customers do real time optimization between what should be in small package and what should be in LTL.  We have sped up our network and improved time of transit and made substantial enhancements to service and so you bring all that together and we think we offer a very compelling value proposition that allows customers to get better service, better control and also lower costs with optimizing what should happen on a day to day basis.  That is kind of a mouthful but this has been a work in progress. We did have to take a big impairment a couple of quarters ago but we were very confident and are very confident in the momentum of the business. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus.
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus: On the international side can you talk about what percentage of your international volume today is generated over in Europe and then also can you talk about the competitive environment in Europe. It is a more mature market, more competitors actually than in the U.S. 
Kurt Kuehn :  In general Europe represents about half of our international revenues. The vast majority, 80% plus, of export shipments that originate in Europe stay within the European continent. That has really been our big focus, building an integrated Pan European capability. So we continue to see good results although frankly this quarter we didnt see growth in any region of the world.  As customers look to save money and have more streamlined operations in Europe our value proposition is pretty strong. We think we have still got great opportunity to help European companies operate more effectively and even though it is a mature market for us it has been one heck of a great platform really for a decade. 
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus: Is the pricing environment much different over there in this downturn than it is in the U.S. or is it fairly rational in Europe as well? 
Kurt Kuehn :  It is more fragmented. Clearly there are different competitive groups in every country and it is hard to characterize. In general it is a challenging pricing environment. Maybe a little less rational than the U.S. but we feel pretty confident we can differentiate ourselves and as the market secures we will continue to make progress. 
Scott Davis :  The economic pressures arent a lot different in Asia and Europe than they are in the U.S. right now. You have the same pressures to customers there as you do in the U.S. I do believe that Asia and the U.S. are going to come out a little bit quicker than Europe. But also probably havent dropped in Europe as much as we have in the other countries. 
Kurt Kuehn :  One other point on Europe is one of the reasons we are so focused on Eastern or Middle Eastern Europe anyway is the linkage of low cost sourcing in the region. That is why you have heard of acquisitions in Slovenia, Romania, this Turkey joint venture and acquisition have all been a part of linking that part of the East back into Western Europe. We think continuing to execute that way is a good value proposition. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: I think you had said a positive sign that you look for to gauge an economic turn was small businesses opening new accounts with UPS. Are you seeing any of that yet? 
Scott Davis :  I dont think we have seen any big movement there at all at this point in time. We certainly feel we are in the bottom of this economy but I havent seen a big change in small business as of yet. 
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: Maybe if you could comment on your expectations about the back to school season. I think you mentioned that Asia to U.S. still looks weak but broadly what are you expecting for the back to school seasonal up turn? 
Scott Davis :  I think we are hopeful we are going to have a back to school session. It is really too early to tell. We have not seen any early signs yet based on the air freight market and the ocean freight market. I think we are hopeful that things will come back. I saw yesterday that Wal-Mart is going to increase computer inventories by 40%. That is a sign. There are some signs out there that maybe back to school season will be better. 
Kurt Kuehn :  There is some data on this whole question as to when the inventory work off is going to finally stabilize. Most of the inventory sales ratios are still pretty high although some of the latest data on the retail side suggest they are getting close to more of a new normal which may begin to kick loose some shipments and get the flow of goods moving a little north. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Co.
David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Co.: You mentioned several times your growth in international packages is better than the market. That is the decrease is less than the market. I am curious if some of this might be due to the fact that DHL is less competitive without their domestic ability to bundle services. Do you have any indications that is part of the reason for your better than market share over particularly in Europe? 
Kurt Kuehn :  Absolutely. Although clearly our market share gains have been a story over the last decade not just the last couple of quarters. DHLs decision to withdraw the vast majority of its people and assets from the U.S. has left them with a much smaller network for their import/export coverage. That really gives us a significant point of differentiation for our European and Asian customers that are doing business in the U.S. That is one of our highest priorities for our international sales people and frankly in many markets they are the market leader so our ability to differentiate ourselves as being the only player that really has a strong presence in all major theaters is a great boost for our sales people and we think it will continue to pay dividends. 
David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Co.: I noticed here the data is correct but there are published reports out there that you and FedEx are spending record amounts of money trying to convince congressmen and administration people about various issues. I dont know if the data is correct but given the focus on cost savings, wouldnt it make more sense to cut back substantially talking to these guys who dont understand probably anything you are talking about? 
Scott Davis :  We appreciate your comments. I dont think our lobbying efforts are any higher than they have been in the past. We have a PAC that spends money through employee contributions and that is where the spending is. It is not coming out of the companys coffers. I think in general it is an important issue for us. It is a matter of basic fairness that workers performing the same job should be covered by the same law. It is something we are very interested in. Not just us but the entire transportation industry but we all should be governed under the same laws.  As far as spending money it is not a distraction. I think it frankly more of a distraction for our competitor than it is us. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Nate Brochmann  William Blair. 
Nate Brochmann  William Blair :   Just wanted to kind of go back a little bit to talk about the international network a little bit and talk about how there has been some low hanging fruit in terms of flexing that network and taking the block hours out. What have you learned from the initial phases of that because we knew that was going to be a challenge because you had never done it before? How much more low hanging fruit is there to go? 
Kurt Kuehn :  We have learned that even though we have been primarily on a growth run for the last decade we still have those muscles of cost control inherent in the company that relate across the globe. It is just shifting gears a little bit and the top priority isnt keeping up with rapid increases it is with optimizing the network to the current level. It is looking at the balance of air and ground movements. We have this unique integrated portfolio. We are now starting to really look at how do we keep aircraft out of the air, keep stuff on the ground but still have guaranteed services. It is streamlining our freight forwarding operations. There has been a lot of changes in that in the last 3-4 years. We are now integrating and finding how to manage and get benefits of being both a freight forwarder, an airline and an express company.  So tremendous synergies across those that allow us to better utilize our assets and also offer customers better choice. A lot of hard work on that front. I think there is more to come. Hopefully this wont be the top priority for too many quarters to come in the future because we would love to get back on a growth curve but it has been reassuring to see us be able to hang onto margins even with some of the worst economic conditions any of us have seen. 
Nate Brochmann  William Blair : Into China we have been reading a lot of the reports in terms of the China stimulus kind of working a little bit over there to re-energize a bit of growth. We see some internal GDP forecasts going up. What are you seeing in that market and kind of what is the near-term opportunity there in terms of inter-China and also in and out of China? 
Scott Davis :  Clearly our focus has been on import/export out of China over the last few years. We do have a domestic express offering but we are still working on that and it is an area we are looking to invest in as time goes on. We do think over the next 10-20 years that is a big market. We are seeing signs of increased imports into China. That is something we have not seen a lot of over the last few quarters. We are seeing a higher amount of imports into China. Exports out of China are still a little weak and a lot of that is because U.S. imports and a lot of China exports go to the U.S. and until the U.S. starts importing again that is going to cause some pressure to China. 
Nate Brochmann  William Blair : To follow-up on that where are you seeing the imports into China coming from? Is that from the U.S.? 
Scott Davis :  There is some from the U.S. but I think Japan is big. We are seeing some from the U.S. and some from Europe but Japan right now has the best results there. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Justin Yagerman  Deutsche Bank. 
Justin Yagerman  Deutsche Bank : I wanted to follow-up on that. Bigger picture I guess one of my questions is where do you think the leadership will come bringing us out of this global economic downturn? There is a school of thought that we will see domestic emerging market demand actually pull us out first rather than the U.S. Are you of the opinion we need to see U.S. consumer demand pick up before we start to feel an improvement in the overall environment? 
Scott Davis :  I think we need to see some U.S. consumer demand pick up. Chairman Bernanke yesterday said a lot is going to rely on the rest of the world. The rest of the world has got to start spending money. It cant be done all by the U.S. I think it is both to answer the question. 
Justin Yagerman  Deutsche Bank : Are you seeing any seeds of that domestic emerging market improvement? Outside of the imports you noted into China? 
Scott Davis :  I think we are seeing some. I think you are seeing some of the countries in Asia starting to turn around. Countries that were really negative like Singapore are starting to put up better numbers. Korea is a little bit better. So we are starting to see some turnaround there but not as fast as we would like. 
Justin Yagerman  Deutsche Bank : Another bigger picture question just thinking about domestic demand with auto production scheduled to improve over the back half of this year what are your thoughts on what that does to GDP and freight demand and how that affects your different business lines? 
Scott Davis :  I think it affects the LTL business probably the most. I think the LTL business in general has been hurt more by the weak auto production. Certainly it helps small package but I think you will see the most dramatic change in the trucking industry, the LTL industry. 
Operator:  The next question comes from John Barnes  RBC Capital Markets. 
John Barnes  RBC Capital Markets : I think during the call in the first quarter you indicated that your debt levels were a little bit elevated because you had taken on some nicely priced fixed debt but you still had yet to pay down the commercial paper program. Yet it looked like the debt levels were still kind of elevated from there. Is there something Im missing there? Did I misread that? 
Kurt Kuehn :  We did create $2 billion of new debt last quarter. We have paid down about $1 billion of commercial paper so net to net you see about $1 billion net. We do show a substantial increase in cash and marketable securities. Not a big deal either way on that. We are in the process of swapping some of our fixed debt to floating which over time hopefully will show some benefit on reducing our interest expense although that wasnt a material impact in the quarter. Cash flow continues to be a great story. Cleary we are very disappointed with the substantial earnings declines we are seeing. We are determined to adjust the business to reflect that. We have cut CapEx by almost half so far year-to-date. We have been very diligent with our customer receivables and bad debt so cash flow actually has improved. That is a silver lining for us to an otherwise grey economy to us that we have been able to sustain cash flow and keep that in very good shape. That does help us on the cash and marketable securities. 
Scott Davis :  I dont think it is emphasized enough that there arent a lot of companies that can show a 40% reduction in net income and yet grow free cash flow. So again hats off to our people for managing the working capital and the CapEx. 
Kurt Kuehn :  The debt is a transitional issue where we have got a little extra marketable securities and cash. We did take half of that debt down in the quarter. 
John Barnes  RBC Capital Markets : Could you give us your CapEx guidance for full year 2009? Then working days for the third and fourth quarter could you give us clarification on that? 
Kurt Kuehn :  We did say last quarter we have pulled CapEx down and are confident it will be below $2 billion which would put us at the lowest percent of revenue really that we have seen since going public. We are being very aggressive on that front. We review that at least once a month and more frequently as we review capital projects.  Having said that though, as Scott mentioned, we are being opportunistic whether it is buying hard assets, whether it is buying facilities or whether it is buying companies to increase our global footprint we are spending money where we see opportunity. 
Scott Davis :  Working days I think there is one more working day in the third quarter. I think 65 working days. One more than a year ago. 61 in the fourth. I think it is the same. One more than last year. Both third and fourth quarter one more day than last year. 
Operator:  That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Dolny and Mr. Davis for any closing remarks they may have. 
Scott Davis :  Let me just wrap up by reminding the audience of a point I made earlier. UPS really is poised to realize better leverage in our organization. As volumes increase, and as I mentioned before they will, network efficiencies will improve, increased densities will reduce costs, and new drivers will come on moderating average [rate] increases. Longer term we are extremely confident we will see margin improvement. With that I thank all of you for joining us today. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude our conference call for today. I would like to thank you on behalf of todays panel for your participation. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President Investor Relations Scott Davis  CEO Kurt Kuehn  CFO
Analysts: Gary Chase  Barclays Capital Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research William Green  Morgan Stanley Ken Hoexter  Merrill Lynch Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse Justin Yagerman  Wachovia Capital Markets David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Co. John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus 
Operator: Welcome to the UPS investor relations first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It's now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Andy Dolny: In a moment, Scott Davis our CEO, and Kurt Kuehn our CFO, will discuss first quarter results and expectations going forward. Before they begin, however, Ill briefly review the Safe Harbor language. Some of the comments well make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company.  These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2008 Form 10-K report. This report is available on the UPS Investor Relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Todays call is being webcast and will also be available on our Investor Relations website. Before I turn the program over to Scott, I want to point out that there was an aircraft impairment charge of $181 million in the quarter that reduced operating profit in the U.S. domestic package segment. This resulted from the earlier than planned retirement of UPS's entire DC-8 fleet of 44 aircraft. Retiring these aircraft will give us the most modern, fuel efficient and noise compliant fleet in our industry. The after tax impact of this charge was $116 million or $0.12 per share.  Excluding the impairment, adjusted earnings per share are $0.52. This is the amount that Scott and Kurt will refer to in their comments this morning. Reconciliation of this adjustment to comparable GAAP measures is explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release this morning. The schedules are also available on the UPS IR website in the financial section.  For the quarter, you'll also notice our effective tax rate was a little higher than expected. This was due to evaluation allowance we recorded during the quarter, which should have no impact on our expected tax rate of 36% for the reaming quarters in 2009.  To begin our review of the quarter, I'll turn the program over to Scott for opening comments. 
Scott Davis: In the first quarter, the global economic downturn intensified. In fact, forecasted GDP growth in 2009 for the top UPS markets is now expected to be less than last year and is negative in all but two, China and Poland. Looking at the U.S. of most interest to us is industrial production, which for the first quarter fell 20% quarter-to-quarter and 11.7% year-over-year.  The second quarter is expected to be modestly weaker than the first. We anticipate second quarter GDP will also decrease quarter-over-quarter, but at a much slower rate than the decline we saw in the last two quarters. Hopefully, we will hit bottom later this year and begin seeing growth at the end of the year or early next year in the U.S.  On the international front, Asia should see improvement in the same timeframe, but certainly at different degrees in different countries. Europe most likely will lag the rest of the world in the pace of its recovery. Against this background, I'm pleased to say UPS is managing its operations effectively. While we're certainly not happy with the declines in revenue and profit, we do have a number of bright spots.  Both our U.S. domestic and international package businesses gained market share and continue to generate industry leading margins. Our revenue enhancement and cost containment efforts are bearing fruit. Service levels in all our businesses are at all time highs. Our financial strength proved beneficial in support of a very successful debt offering during the quarter. And many of the operational and process changes we're implementing to meet today's challenges are producing results now and it will remain effective when the business environment improves. All in all, UPS will emerge from these difficult times as a more efficient finely honed enterprise.  In the midst of this worldwide recession, no one should lose focus on the importance of global trade. It is one of the most important tools we have to help lift us out of this financial crisis. In fact, at the risk of oversimplifying, it may be the very most important tool. The fragile global economic conditions we're all dealing with raise a serious danger of increased protectionism, as individual countries seek to bolster their own economies without regard to broader implications.  Global trade has fostered two decades of dramatic growth and increased prosperity in countries everywhere. Now is not the time to back away from the progress that has been achieved in the mistaken belief that any one economy can regain strength independently of the rest of the world.  Now, for a few comments on our dealings with DHL, in light of DHL's reduced airlift needs, we were unable to reach an agreement that made financial sense to UPS; therefore, we mutually agreed to terminate the negotiations. However, UPS has been successful in our efforts to attract former DHL customers in the U.S. domestic market. Kurt will provide details shortly.  The changing competitive environment offers UPS significant growth opportunities. Our balanced worldwide presence, broad product portfolio, financial strength and knowledgeable dedicated personnel are a combination no other player in this industry can match. Customers, both present and future, will benefit from this unique value proposition.  Before I turn the program over to Kurt, I want to take a moment to thank UPSers for their dedication and hard work. They are achieving exceptional service levels throughout all areas of the company continuing to strengthen our customer relationships. This is particularly important in a business environment like the one we have now.  Here's Kurt to review the quarter's results. 
Kurt Kuehn: Our earnings per share of $0.52 were at the low end of the range we provided last quarter reflecting today's tough economic environment. I'll begin my review with the U.S. domestic package operations. First quarter package volumes continue to be weak with little sign of the typical seasonal buildup prior to Easter.  Volume gains from the departure of DHL from the U.S. domestic market only partially offset the impact of worsening economic conditions. Package volume for the quarter declined 4.3% with ground down 5% and air down less than 1%. Although we believe trade down in premium products have slowed a bit, DHL wins exaggerated the improvement. In fact, excluding DHL gains, next day air volume declines would have been only moderately better than in the fourth quarter.  The drop in revenue per piece resulted from the significant reduction in fuel surcharges as the lagging index caught up with declining fuel prices. This was particularly apparent in the air products where fuel surcharges were down more than 15% year-over-year in the quarter.  As I told you three months ago, when fuel surcharges rapidly escalated, we did discount base rates in some cases to preserve the surcharge. We are cycling through the contract negotiation process to pullback some of these discounts. However, today's economic environment does make this a bit challenging.  Lighter average weight per package and changes in our product mix also contributed significantly to the revenue per piece decline. For example, domestic package weights dropped 8% with next day air down almost 14%. The shift in mix away from premium products negatively impacted yield as well. These trends, along with a decrease in volume, eroded margins across all products. And even though we've made substantial adjustments to our network, margins will remain under pressure until economic conditions improve. We are managing our operations well in the face of declining volume.  For example, labor hours and miles driven were both down over 5% and domestic block hours decreased about 6%. Our cost initiatives are producing results also, excluding fuel, other operating expenses declined over 10%. Our U.S. workforce has been reduced by more than 10,000 employees, 80% of whom are from the direct labor workforce. However, savings in direct labor hours are being mitigated by the fact that wage inflation for this group has increased due to a higher percent of our employees at the full seniority rate.  In the quarter, UPS expanded our service offerings to help customers better address their transportation needs. We extended the guaranteed early morning delivery territory in the United States to more than 23,000 zip codes. UPS now delivers overnight by 10:30 or earlier to more businesses in zip codes than any other transportation carrier. Additionally, we also announced a new flexible returns program that allows consumers to return items shipped via UPS by placing them in their own mailboxes for pickup by the U.S. Postal Service to forward eventual transfer to UPS. There is strong customer interest in this program.  Before I move on to the international segment, I want to shed a little more light on the impact of DHL's departure from the U.S. domestic market and then comment on the retirement of our DC-8 fleet. We are pleased with the results of our sales efforts targeted at winning DHL domestic business. UPS captured a little more than half of the revenue, with the remainder split among our competitors.  Although we pursued all DHL volumes aggressively, we put less focus on the lightest weight very low revenue packages. Even so, DHL volume wins had an average weight that was just a little more than half the UPS average package weight. Because the market recognizes the greater value we deliver to customers, we added this new volume at rates 10% to 15% higher than typical DHL rates.  We did see some former DHL customers manage their shipping costs down by changing modes, and as a result UPS actually saw a greater increase in ground volume than air. DHL volume came on stream throughout the quarter and there is still opportunity for additional DHL wins as we focus more on U.S. imports and exports leveraging our tremendous advantage in the U.S.  Turning now to the early retirement of our entire DC-8 fleet, basically our air network requirements have changed. Package volumes have declined due to the economy. Our Worldport expansion allows more volume to be processed through this centralized hub and optimization of our network has reduced gateways and allowed us to close regional sorts.  These factors, combined with the decision to not provide airlift for DHL packages, have made the DC-8 aircraft unnecessary. Therefore, we are retiring the fleet earlier than planned, which will result in operating cost benefits going forward. This is part of our ongoing efforts to modernize our air fleet which have given us the youngest most fuel efficient air fleet in the sector.  Now, let's look at the international segment. Volume declined 1% with domestic volume essentially flat and export volume down 1.8%. The timing of Easter aided both products by about 2%. Compared to the double-digit market declines, UPS again realized significant market share gains. Revenue per piece, though, was down over 15% with currency having the most significant impact, although currency had a minimal impact on international operating profit as a result of our hedging activities.  Excluding currency, revenue per piece was off 9.3%, the result of mix changes, reduced fuel surcharges and lower weights. Package weight declines accelerated during each month of the quarter and this was evident in all regions, all industry sectors and across all products. We anticipate that these trends will continue throughout the year.  Operating margin for the segment was 13.1%, although lower than our historic levels, it is the best in the industry by far. As we have mentioned in the past, our international cost structure is somewhat less variable than our US network, therefore, cost control in international is a very high priority. The initiatives that we discussed in the last quarter are starting to produce cost savings in our network. For example, international block hours dropped over 12% in the quarter, the largest reduction in our history without impacting our service footprint. Also our non-operating cost declined over 5%. At the same time, we are aggressively pursuing the advantages created by our balance global network, and that's why we're seeing high bid volumes and bid wins among new customers while retaining current customers. Our extensive product portfolio, paperless invoice and robust returns capabilities, and one contact person for all service types are driving our successful market penetration efforts.  Turning now to the supply chain and freight segment, revenue was down almost 20% with all business units experiencing declines. The operating margin of 2.3% was about what we saw in the fourth quarter despite the fact that both the global freight and LTL markets deteriorated during the quarter. Forwarding and logistics experienced only minimal impact on operating margins as they successfully reduced cost commensurate with the decline in their revenues.  New wins in the healthcare and high tech sectors helped to bolster the logistics unit. Our continued investment in healthcare and expansion of our product offerings in this sector are paying off as we continue to attract new customers. In a worsening LTL environment, UPS freight posted declines in revenue and tonnage but shipments per day were basically flat. Growth did strengthen sequentially through the quarter, although pricing did not improve.  We did capture new business through cross-selling activity and leveraging our investment in UPS freight technology. We're experiencing increases in world ship deployments and in the number of daily shipments that are managed via our Quantum View visibility tools. All in all, UPS freight realized share gains in the quarter, although this is certainly a case of less bad than most.  Before addressing our expectations for the second quarter, I want to review our financial position. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.9 billion, an increase of more than $200 million over last year, excluding the impact of tax refunds in 2008. This increase was achieved through a significant reduction in capital expenditures and through excellent management of working capital.  In the quarter, UPS invested $382 million in capital expenditures, spent $113 million to repurchase 2.5 million shares, and paid dividends of $449 million maintaining our $0.45 per share dividend. Our intent for 2009 is to repurchase shares at a rate that will at least offset dilution from stock-based compensation. At this point, sustaining the dividend is the higher priority than expanded share repurchases.  Another financial highlight of the quarter was our successful $2 billion debt offering. We offered $1 billion each in five-year and ten-year debt, both of which were substantially oversubscribed at coupons of 3.875% and 5.125% respectively reflecting UPS's broad access to markets at a low cost to capital. Proceeds will be used primarily to retire commercial paper.  And now for our outlook, current consensus forecast project economic conditions will worsen slightly in the second quarter with both GDP and industrial production expected to be a bit weaker than in the first quarter. In addition, the timing of Easter will have a negative impact on second quarter results most notably in the U.S. and Europe.  We anticipate that U.S. domestic package volumes will decline 4% to 6% versus last year with the lighter weight trends continuing until industrial production rebounds. Domestic small package margins will be challenged due to mix ship, lower weight packages and reduced volumes. International export volume is expected to decline about 3%, but we should see some margin expansion over the first quarter as a result of the segment's cost initiatives.  The supply chain and freight segment is anticipated to show improvement in revenue and operating margin over the first quarter, but will still be below last year's results. We remain vigilant about taking costs out of our operations. In fact, we've identified additional initiatives that will produce approximately $300 million in savings bringing total savings from our initiatives to well over $1 billion for 2009.  These initiatives span the entire enterprise and involve operational changes that increase efficiency, procurement improvements and better use of facilities, and they are in addition to the way that we manage our business on a daily basis.  We've also further reduced our CapEx budget for the year by over $200 million bringing the total to just below $2 billion. This budget still provides for capital investments in strategic growth opportunities like China, Worldport and our healthcare facilities in Puerto Rico and Europe. Given all this, earnings per share should be within a range of $0.45 to $0.55 for the quarter. This range reflects our expectation that the second quarter will be a bit more challenging than the first.  Clearly, these are extraordinary times. We're making the difficult decisions and implementing changes to respond to these unprecedented conditions. At UPS we've managed through 20 recessions over the past 100 hundred years and we're confident that we will emerge stronger and more competitive when the economy turns around. With that, Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Gary Chase - Barclays Capital. 
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Just a couple on the progression from the first quarter into the second, how would you define what the biggest challenge was? Has it been the weight erosion to the quarter, because it looks like volumes came about in line with where you thought towards the bottom end of the range? At one point you thought this second quarter would look up relative to the first. So it feels like something sequentially changed as you moved through the quarter. Was that just the weight issue or was there more to it?
Kurt Kuehn: Really, Gary, the trends across the first quarter were fairly stable. January there was some challenges with weather. It's a little noisy because the Easter holiday had a much bigger impact in the first quarter last year whereas it'll hit the second quarter this year. So all in all, domestic trends I would characterize as very low but fairly stable.  We do think the economic statistics will show a slight decline from Q1 to Q2, although the rate of rapid decline clearly seems to be stabilizing. So the Easter impact puts a little bit of a headwind into Q2 versus Q1 and that's really the major difference and why we think Q2 will be modestly more challenging than Q1.
Scott Davis: Now the industrial production numbers, Gary, were obviously horrible in the first quarter and while clearly the declines won't be nearly as bad in the second quarter, we still expect them to decrease. Whenever industrial production decreases, it will continue to challenge the weight of our packages which does put pressure on us.
Kurt Kuehn: Gary, one other comment I guess is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did complete a $2 billion bond issuance late in March and we're very pleased with the coupon rates we got, but we are going to see going from 30 or 40 basis points with the very attractive commercial paper rates a 400 plus basis point increase and interest expense on that. So that alone adds another $25 million or so expense on the P&L side, although, clearly it locks in some great rates for a long time.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Okay, then if you just look at the line items that, the cost line items that weren't effected by fuel, so you take out purchase transportation and obviously fuel expense, looks like those were down somewhere in the 5% to 7% range on a revenue decline of 13%, 14%, how far through the cost reduction process are you and what might that look like as you have more time to address this?
Kurt Kuehn: Gary, let me reframe that just a little bit. We were down, yes, 6% or 7% in those non-fuel elements, although if you take out the write-off of the DCAs it's actually about 10%. So that is implicit in the other category. But this is against state decline and volume of about 4%, so yes revenue's down dramatically, but a big piece of that is fuel. But we're working diligently on these cost trends and they do continue to get more significant over time.  We did freeze management salaries. That kicked in, in March. We did show a dramatic reduction in block hours both domestically and internationally, much of that happened at the end of February. So we're running full speed to match our network and our costs to demand. And as things stabilize, clearly we'll catch up to some of that, but it's a challenge when you see these kinds of really unprecedented changes in the economic conditions.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Is there any way to say you're 50% through it, Kurt, 60%, 70%, 20%?
Kurt Kuehn: I'd be happy to put a number on it. We're going to continue to pursue it and match whatever we can to the conditions.
Scott Davis: Gary, what's really going to drive the improvement I think is as we start seeing volume growth again, which will impact our effective labor wage rate. As we've talked about many times in the past, two years ago we were running with an effective wage rate of 2% increases on much higher contract increases than we have today. Today we're pushing more like 5% effective wage rate increases because of the, as Kurt mentioned in his comments, the seniority levels. I think 88% of our employees now are at high seniority levels.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jon Langenfeld - Baird. 
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird: On the international side you talked about maybe slightly better margin in the second quarter, how does that balance off of the fact that it sounded like weight per shipment dropped throughout the quarter and then you also have Easter, I guess I would have anticipated maybe a little bit more challenging second quarter on the margin side versus first?
Kurt Koehn: Well, clearly the dramatic changes we've made in the air network, Jon, will continue to pay dividends. Typically the second quarter is stronger than the first quarter internationally, although the Easter holiday has something to do with it. So we're not looking for breakthrough quarter-to-quarter improvements. We just feel that on balance the reduction in expense and management of our network will help to offset the slightly weaker volume demands.  But we're working hard in that arena and, as we said, we've been very focused on managing costs in the last couple quarters internationally because for the past decade, we've had just nothing but very strong growth. So we've had to shift gears a little, but we're very pleased with the progress.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then on the additional cost savings side, is there anything new there or is it more of the same just at different levels of the organization?
Kurt Kuehn:   No, it's just continuing to look for opportunities with the unprecedented declines we've seen over the last couple of quarters in the economic conditions, it just brings us to looking at new areas and further adjustments in the network. So with the air business probably being the best example as we take down the regional night sorts, concentrate volume through our automated building and Worldport, we find more and more opportunities.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird: Okay, then the last question I have is just on the supply chain side. When do you think the LTL business can get back to profitability? Does it need a better environment or I mean if things stay where they're at for the next 12 to 24 months, will it continue to incur operating losses?
Kurt Kuehn: Well, Jon, I guess we're kind of in the LTL I guess to paraphrase Charles Dickens, "It's the best of times and the worst of times." We did take a large impairment last quarter and clearly are very disappointed at the need to do that, but we saw substantial improvement over the course of Q1 as our initiatives, as our technology integration with our customers really demonstrate to them that they can improve processes. So, as I said, we did get, shipments were actually up moderately in March and that's swimming against the tide we think because almost everyone of the competitors that have reported have talked about double-digit declines, at least in tonnage. So we feel pretty good that we're building some momentum.  We think we have a very unique value proposition in ease of use. So we're not just waiting for the economy to improve in LTL. We think we've got a company-specific opportunity that will show improving results, although clearly in today's environment, it's more challenging than it would normally be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: I wanted to get your sense of a little more on the cost side. It seemed like you were a little reluctant to talk about how much you realized in first quarter, but is there a time in the year when you would expect to be at closer to the full run rate on those costs initiatives? Do you reach that in second quarter or does it take a bit longer to get to that? 
Kurt Kuehn: Tom, it's just a series of successive initiatives. We initially built 500 million of specific operational initiatives, most of those rolled out by the end of Q1. We did make compensation changes that began to kick in in March, and then this additional set of initiatives will be happening over the next couple quarters. So if things continue to drop, we're going to continue to find new ways to adapt, to take costs out of our network so we operate effectively and can offer customers the best opportunity for value.
Scott Davis: Tom, there will be more initiatives as we go along. As I mentioned in the past in the latest labor contract we agreed to with the teamsters, we have a competition committee that allows ourselves and the teamsters to get together and look at more flexibilities that make us more competitive. And I think the relationships never been better, so I'm confident that team of people will come up with more ideas, better ideas as we move forward.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: Okay, so how do you think about how much of what you're taking out is fixed costs that won't come back when volumes improve and also the type of operating leverage you could show and margin improvement you could show if you look out a number of quarters and volumes stabilize and then begin to improve.  Is this the type of thing where it's easy to see this type of sharp margin deterioration but then when you regain it, it will be very slow? Or given some of the wage inflation it maybe works the other way, when you add part-time people and lower fixed costs base that type of thing you could really show some strong margin leverage coming out?
Kurt Kuehn: Tom, those are a lot of the things we're talking about in our forecasting meetings. There's a lot of moving parts. Some of the things are permanent changes. The expansion of Worldport that allows us to operate a more efficient air network is a keeper. We've added capacity there. It's reduced the number of air craft in the sky. It has allowed us to retire these 40 plus DC-8s. Those are structural changes that will allow us to have both better service and substantially less cost. Some like the wage rates, depending on the rate of growth as it comes back, could kick in reasonably quickly. Our seniority employees are seeing about a 2.5% wage increase, so the inherent inflationary concepts inside this contract are very favorable. But as your growth slows and you don't bring in new employees, it mitigates the benefit of that. So that will come in reasonably quickly. And we've also made structural changes in our organization, reducing the number of districts we have and just trying to become more streamlined in our organization, so all of those will come over time.
Scott Davis: And that's half the equation, Tom. The other half is the revenue side. And clearly we've never seen industrial production numbers as bad as we saw them the last quarter and they won't be probably great this quarter. But inventory levels are getting down to a bare minimum right now, and you're going to start seeing manufacturing, you're going to start seeing heavier products. Whether its end of second quarter, third quarter I can't tell you exactly, but it's going to be a combination. You're going to see the revenue mix get better and the labor mix get better.
Kurt Kuehn: And I guess there is one economic perspective that we also believe in even though we're being pretty cautious right now. But there's a high correlation between the severity of a recession and the speed of the improvement, and given the dramatic declines into Scott's comments stop the inventory reductions, we think there is certainly a lot of latent potential for some rapid improvements when things start to turn the corner.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: If I can one more wrinkle on that. Is it possible to see, I think you said inflation wage is up 5% when volumes are down so sharply on the seniority, is it possible to see a quarter where if volumes were up significantly that you could have wages effectively down due to mix?
Kurt Kuehn: You've painted probably a scenario there but that's probably at the extreme. 
Scott Davis: There's certainly a dramatic decrease from what we're seeing today.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question will come from Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research. 
Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research:  Why is your guy's domestic air business stronger than your ground right now? You said it's not DHL. That stuff's moving towards ground overall. I mean, FedEx is seeing such a different experience. Why is it that you're seeing that experience and then why is that mix hurting you so much because you gave the weight, a lot of different numbers for weight, but I thought I heard you say domestic package weight down 8, but that was before the DHL which is 50% lighter. So I'm guessing the economy's not bringing it down 8, it's a combination of those things.  So within that question I guess I'm asking you is, why for you are you focused on air? Is that something that's going on or why such a different experience from FedEx and then talk about the weight in terms of what you gave versus if you adjusted that for the DHL mix? 
Kurt Kuehn: Okay. Let me try to separate those moving parts, Ed. The stronger results in Q1 for the air are significantly impacted by the DHL wins. Granted we won more net after customers migrated their shipping patterns we showed more volume increase to ground than air. But the size of our relative operations, we have over 10 million ground shipments a day and only 2 million air shipments. So on a percentage basis the air was much more heavily impacted by DHL. So it's not anything dramatically unique there. Having said that though, we are very comfortable with the value proposition we can offer in the air. I referenced today that we've expanded zip code coverage so we offer earlier deliveries than anybody else in the industry. We've got a broader set of drivers that are out every day being able to cover middle market and extended areas earlier than our competition. So the DHL impact clearly boosted the air results and that's why we want to be careful not to say that the challenges of the air are over. It's just the relative impact was greater. The substantial reductions in weight we saw were also impacted by the DHL wins. I don't have an exact number for you but we saw a substantial pickup in weight reductions. Maybe a little less than half of that weight impact was probably driven by the DHL volume coming in to the network. So it's a lot of moving parts right now and we did our best to capture the majority of the DHL opportunity.  We feel very comfortable that we got more than half of the revenue. We did not focus as intensely on the very light weight packages, many of which might have come from airborne at home, but we do feel pretty good that the volume we got is profitable and as I said, we were able to show improvements in yield for the volume that we brought across.
Scott Davis: Ed, our manufacturing sector was down about 9% in the quarter, which clearly has a big influence on weight and relates directly to the IP numbers we were talking about.
Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research: But I mean your total domestic volumes were not that weak considering what happened with DHL, and yet with your guidance your domestic margin's going to be even worse next quarter and this is the worst we've seen it as a public company, probably the worse since the strike before you were public. So it implies that maybe you're taking the wrong mix or something's going on with this DHL. How do we think about your volumes are down 4% and your margins are deteriorated dramatically more than that would imply. Is there a pricing scenario as well that's out there that's getting more competitive?
Kurt Kuehn: No, I think pricing is reasonably stable. I did make some references to the fact that we do have still an ongoing process to kind of recalibrate following the spikes in the fuel surcharges. And so there is some work going on to re-establish base rates that may have been deteriorated a bit with the pressure from 30% plus fuel surcharges.  Ed, the second quarter is a combination of a modestly weaker economy. We're now into a condition of a couple of years of negative growth, which creates some challenges. We do have Easter hitting April that was not in there last year, and with the substantial declines in our growth the wage rate headwind is offsetting some of the productivity. Most of those things we can work our way through over time, but we are cautious for the second quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from William Green - Morgan Stanley. 
William Green  Morgan Stanley:  Just a couple of quick detail questions, Kurt can you tell us what the B2B trends versus the B2C trends were?
Kurt Kuehn:  We saw challenges in both. The B2C remains modestly positive and the B2B continues to be negative. So those are really trends that are fairly steady from what weve seen the last couple quarters.
William Green  Morgan Stanley: I think it was in, I dont remember if it was 2007 or 2008 you talked about B2C being about 30%. Is that still a safe percentage?
Scott Davis:  Yes, the bill has been growing typically 1% of the 5 per year, so maybe its 31, 32 at this point in time.
William Green  Morgan Stanley:  Okay, and then you mentioned the package weights fell in domestic. How did they do in international? I really feel that DHL didnt affect that, but did the economic changes affect that?
Kurt Kuehn:  Absolutely, virtually the exact same trends domestically and internationally, lighter weight, customers coming to us asking, how can I reduce my budget, so in some cases were helping them find ways to trade down within our portfolio. So all of those factors are very similar and the scale of the changes are fairly similar, too.
William Green  Morgan Stanley:  Okay, and then was the LTL profitable in the first quarter?
Kurt Kuehn:  No, it wasnt, it was underwater. Weve got to get some continued momentum like we saw late in the quarter to get this thing back on track.
Scott Davis:  We do expect improvements through the year in the LTL profitability.
William Green  Morgan Stanley:  Okay, and just one last question, U.S. import volumes, how did they trend in first quarter?
Kurt Kuehn:  The trend wasnt dramatically different from January through March, although it was fairly weak. We did see an aggregate for international, a softening over the course of the quarter, both in Asia and Europe.
Scott Davis:  One change I think we saw in the first quarter in import is we did see China exports to the U.S. improve, which we had seen some weakness last year and we did see actually double-digit export increases out of China.
Operator: Your next comes from Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch. 
Ken Hoexter  Merrill Lynch:  Kurt, can you talk a bit about, you mentioning the employees being down 10%, Im sorry, 10,000. If I remember you still have something, a couple hundred thousand that seems to be what 2% or 3%. Can you give an update on the total employees and why are we not seeing that come off a little bit more as far as in line with kind of volume reductions over time?
Kurt Kuehn:  Well, we have reduced hours actually in excess of volume reductions, over 5% reductions in hours against a 4% volume decline, Ken. So the headcount numbers are a little more moderate, but the 10,000 for the U.S. operations would be 3% to 4% easily, and in the direct labor it would be closer, so, no, I think were moving pretty quickly on that. One of the nice things about how we operate is we do reduce the hours worked on a given day if volume is lighter. Its not all a matter of just taking people off the payroll, so we flex and float and thats a nice attribute for both the company and our employees.
Ken Hoexter  Merrill Lynch: But I would imagine theres still a pretty sizable end fixed benefits and pensions and other expenses associated with that. My follow-up is on the restructured operations. You mentioned that youve closed some regional hubs. Is anything major closing, anything, New York or any major cities that youre shutting down that is a big part of the restructuring, or are these small branch offices?
Kurt Kuehn:  Well, the biggest changes were in the elimination of two of our air night sorts in Dallas, Texas and Columbia, South Carolina. In affect, with our expanded capacity in Louisville and the slow economy, were able to concentrate a much higher proportion of our volume through one hub. So you have one aircraft going from a city rather than that city having to send volume to two or three hubs, so substantial benefits from that. And then theres a number of operational changes all across the country and really the world, Ken, but not anything headline that would stand out as much like that.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse. 
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: Can you give us a feel for the total capacity in your air network? However you want to measure it and where you think it goes, post taking these planes out and maybe net of whatever new aircraft youre going to add back? And then as a follow on to that, what does that mean for your capital plan on a normal basis as we go forward. Does this mean you can spend less on a go-forward basis because you are effectively shrinking the air business?
Scott Davis: Its very difficult for us to respond to total capacity because each lane is different. We certainly pay a lot of attention to the capacity in each lane and that's why we are adjusting and downsizing the network. We are able to do it without reducing service and still save an awful lot of cost. So I know that many times in years past weve been asked the total capacity question. It is very difficult because each lane is different, import/exports different.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, and you can fly multiple rotations. I guess really the big thing we that have done is over the last seven or eight years we have taken out over 100 aircraft that are smaller and less efficient. So we retired the 727 fleet that we had years ago, frankly, and the DC-8s, which are also at the smaller end of capacity, and weve been replacing those. We started the 757 replacement plan almost 20 years ago to take 72s out and we have 767s coming into the network that are taking the place of the DC-8s.  So really what weve done is were way ahead of the curve on that. As we said weve got the most modern, youngest fleet in the industry. The future capital requirements for replacements are nil, frankly. The age of our fleet is in the low teens as far as years, and any new aircraft we bring in have larger capacity. Because weve invested $1 billion in expanding Worldport, we can fly substantially less aircraft but the aircraft are much bigger, much more efficient, and much more environmentally friendly.  So its a capital investment weve made over the past several years that allows us to get lower CapEx in the future and substantial operating and environmental benefits. So major change, tremendous benefits long-term, its a great long-term investment for us and for the environment.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Capital Markets. 
Justin Yagerman  Wachovia Capital Markets: I wanted to just get a better sense of the international package yield. Can you give us a breakout of how much of the decline was currency, fuel, and mix? And maybe go into a little bit of detail on were the currency fluctuations where that impacted that and how you hedge against them?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, the currency was a substantial factor and on page three of the web schedules we do breakout hopefully with enough transparency there, our results for yield without currency. So whereas our overall international yields were down 15.3%, net of currency thats 9.3%. And you can see the impact it had on both our non-U.S. domestics and export. So the currency on revenue was substantial and it also had an impact within our forwarding group.  Weve hedged much of that though with some favorable timing on hedging, primarily the euro and the sterling, a couple of years ago. So the P&L impact of the precipitous decline in currency is modest. It is still a little bit of a headwind but it has not impacted the P&L severely. Certainly, the fuel surcharges that have plummeted also reduced our revenue in the international. So there are the same pressures in our international yields of lighter weight and, to some extent, trade down to lower service levels that we see in the US. But in general were in pretty good shape in that, and our relative value proposition very high international.
Justin Yagerman  Wachovia Capital Markets:  And the currency hedge, that just gets submitted up into the EBIT number?
Scott Davis: It actually ends up a reduction of cost, which ends up coming into the operating income number, correct.
Justin Yagerman  Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay, and then I guess on the LTL side, you guys talked about this a little bit, but tonnage was at least, the tonnage decline was not as bad as many of your competitors have come with and it looks like you guys are gaining some traction there. Can you talk about some of the initiatives that you have taken with the product? How youre competing in this marketplace, what types of benefits you may be seeing from a large ailing competitor, and whats going on maybe with length of haul in that segment?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, we were less bad than most I guess, to torture that phrase. No, weve been working very hard to find the right value proposition in LTL that really brings something unique to customers, and we think we are getting to the point were we can work with LTL shippers, help them really get the best of both worlds. The technology that is so productive in the small package environment has been harmonized to work easily in the LTL environment.  Our new world ship allows customers to rate shipments both in small package terms and in LTL terms very easily, and then the visibility is there. So the value proposition is getting to be very strong and were pretty pleased. We did see substantial market share growth, as we talked about. We believe we are at about 8% market share so over the last several years weve gained a couple of hundred basis points of market share. We still want to want to be prudent though. This is a tough environment.  Our revenue per hundred weight net of fuel is positive, but it is very tough out there and so were trying to strike a balance between market share gain and being disciplined in recovering the costs that we put in for the big investments. 
Scott Davis: And, Justin, our package sales force, which is a large force, has done an excellent job of selling freight. And that job has gotten much more effective over the last couple of quarters and is helping to drive that improvement and help performance. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company.
David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Company:  You mentioned that China was having a favorable impact on exports to the U.S. in the first quarter. What about their import activity, which would have been the result of their own stimulus plans, have you seen any growths or any improvement in tonnage or shipments going into China?
Kurt Kuehn: In general, David, I think clearly the exports showed some improvement. Weve not seen much move on the import side yet. I think we hopefully will see a little bit more as that stimulus program takes place. But generally our U.S. export numbers were disappointing in the first quarter and probably fell off dramatically from where they were the first half of last year. I think thats typical of the export market right now out of the U.S.
David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Company: And the second question is I guess Europe though is of course a bigger concern for you since youre bigger there and Europe is expected to recover behind the United States in your opinion?
Kurt Kuehn: I think that likely, I think their a little bit slower on the stimulus programs from what I understand maybe a little more bank debt exposure than even the U.S. has. So I think theres some risks in the recovery in Europe. At the same time, weve performed pretty well in Europe. Our transporter products were still relatively strong in the first quarter.  Our domestic products werent bad. Really, the international domestic though was driven mostly by Canada in the first quarter, but Germany wasnt too bad. So I think theyll see some challenging times there, but our business still seems to be growing in Europe.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets.
John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets:  When you look at, I know youve said a lot about DHL on domestics, but can you add some color on what youve seen as far as either core pricing or just market share gains on the international just based solely on kind of going after DHL customers I guess picking on their weakness?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, John, thanks for that question. That is a top priority for us now and something that our people across the globe are very excited about, that UPS really has a unique capability these days with a substantial integrated presence in Asia, Europe, and the U.S. and the rest of the Americas. And so the value proposition we can bring to customers is the strongest its ever been. And as I made brief reference to, we are seeing an increase number of successful bids and so were pursuing our advantage across the globe and thats a chapter thats just now being written. So we do feel very good that we can uniquely help customers reduce their cost and improve their global distribution and thats part of the reason your seeing these outsized market share gains.
John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets:  Just as a follow-up, looking at the debt issue and the cash flow, I mean you generated so much cash and had such a large debt issue this year. Could you tell me again what the impact on interest rates, the interest expense is going to be and what youre going to do with that 4 billion that you have sitting on your balance sheet now?
Kurt Kuehn : Yes, the end of quarter balance sheet is a little bit exaggerated because we did secure the $2 billion of term debt at very favorable rates. We also had a substantial commercial paper line and much of that commercial paper was 30-day plus term, so we are ramping that down. The intent wasnt to load up on cash. We will use that $2 billion of term debt to retire the commercial paper. We just ended with some of that still terming through the end of the quarter. 
Scott Davis: Whats not exaggerated though is the 1.9 billion free cash flow, which really is outstanding and, as Kurt mentioned earlier, really 200 million more than a year ago, ignoring the tax refund, and thats despite a 45% reduction in income, so thats outstanding free cash flow.
Operator:  Due to time constraints, well be taking our final question from David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus. 
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus:  A question on the international side, you talked about, in domestic the trade down is pretty easy next day to second day, second day to ground. You also talked about trade down in international portfolio. Is that air to ocean? Is that in Europe any way air to ground? How do you look at that and what has been, I guess the biggest trade down offerings youve seen?
Kurt Kuehn:  Yes, I think within the forwarding there is some trade down between air to ocean, thats not as significant for us. We do actually offer a forwarding portfolio of express freight, direct freight and consolidated. So even within our forwarding platform we do offer different levels of service. But the bigger, the more material impact for us is within our express network because we have an integrated air and ground capacity, we really can offer customers an array of choices.  If youre flying from Asia to Europe for example, we dont have ground routes yet but well be working on that in the future, but you can fly to Europe and it can go that same night through our Cologne hub and be delivered at eight in the morning. It can be slower but still by air, and then it can also get integrated into our transporter Europe network on ground.  So, a lot of levers that can be pulled and also every one of those express premium products have a time of day commitment, so its that seamless ability to move up and down both in North America and Europe that are really offering customers a way to adapt and save costs if thats a priority.
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus:  And then last question is I think, Scott, you mentioned protectionism risk at the beginning of the call and essentially called for a continuation of global trade. Is there any areas around the globe that you see as more of a risk to protectionism that others? 
Scott Davis: Well, I think that maybe were our own worst enemy with that Buy American proposal that we came out with in the stimulus program and weve backed off of that an awful lot and so I think it was not protecting us but it sent bad signals to the rest of the world. So, clearly there are a variety of countries around the world that can look at the U.S. and say if theyre going to talk protectionism, were going to do the same thing.  Im not going to name countries right now, but I think there are a variety of countries in both Asia and Europe that there are some concerns about it, but I do think common sense will prevail and people will realize how valuable global free trade is and protectionism will go away.   Let me wrap up by saying, when Kurt mentioned earlier that UPS has managed through a remarkable 20 recessions in our history, thats a remarkable number. But were absolutely confident that well emerge form this economic downturn stronger, leaner, and more customer-focused than ever before. In addition, were now the only company with a truly integrated global network giving us, frankly, the best competitive position weve had in years.  So with that, thanks for joining us today and well talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, on behalf of todays time, I'd like to thank you for your participation and thank you for dialing in today. Have a good day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President Investor Relations Scott Davis  CEO Kurt Kuehn  CFO
Analysts: [Rob Samanon]  Wachovia Capital Markets Gary Chase  Barclays Capital Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse William Green  Morgan Stanley John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets Ken Hoexter  Bank of America David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus Robin Byde  HSBC David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Co.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Andy Dolny: Im here this morning with Scott Davis our CEO and Kurt Kuehn our CFO to discuss the companys results for the quarter and our outlook for 2009. Before we begin, however, Ill briefly review the safe harbor language. Some of the comments well make today are forward looking statements that address our expectations for the companys future performance or results of operations. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties which are described in detail in our 2007 10-K and 2008 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Todays call is being webcast and will also be available on our Investor Relations website. In the remarks today Scott and Kurt will compare results for 2008 against 2007 excluding the effects of adjustments that occurred in both years. This comparison is more reflective of UPSs true performance. There were two adjustments recorded in the fourth quarter 2008. The first was a $548 million good will impairment charge in our UPS Freight unit which is part of the supply chain and freight segment. This charge resulted from a number of factors. We acquired Overnight in 2005 when the economy was much stronger and valuations were higher.  We then invested in technology and operational improvements to enhance service and performance and expand product offerings. Unfortunately the current Freight environment has been a challenging one for new investments and customer focus is primarily on price. Long term, we believe our strategy is sound and will be viable when market conditions improve. We felt it prudent to reevaluate the good will associated with this acquisition and make a reduction based on current market comparisons and cash flow outlook. The second adjusted recorded in the quarter was a $27 million write down of intangibles in the UK Domestic operations, included in the International Package segment. This relates to a domestic customer list which was part of an acquisition. With the weak conditions in the UK and our emphasis on the export market this domestic customer list proved to be of less value then estimated. In the fourth quarter 2007 if you remember, we recognized a $6.1 billion charge in US Domestic Package segment to withdraw employees from the central states pension plan as part of our long term labor contract with the Teamsters. Any reference Scott and Kurt make to full year results excludes the impact of these adjustments as well as other charges in 2007 totaling $335 million. A reconciliation of these results is included with our earnings announcement this morning and appears on UPSs IR website in the financial information tab. Just a quick reminder, in December, based on customer considerations we decided to suspend pickups on the day after Christmas. We had one less operating day in the quarter then we had originally planned. We believe there was little if any volume lost in total. Thats why when we talk about volumes today were speaking about overall totals not average daily. To begin our review Ill turn the program over to Scott.
Scott Davis: What a difference a year makes. A year ago on the heals of momentum from our historic contract with the Teamsters we were optimistic about our prospects. Economics were predicting slow but growing US GDP and industrial production. It was debated whether we were in or heading into a recession. Globally experts question that decoupling theory. Very few saw what was about to unfold. Two thousand eight was very difficult. However, we responded well. Our operations team in the US continued to adjust the network as package volume deteriorated under worsening economic conditions. In our International segment export volume increased 6.8% as we benefited from the industries most diversified global network. The Supply Chain and Freight segment posted a 5% annual operating margin. This was at the top of the range we had provided at the beginning of the year. Our strong balance sheet and ability to generate cash enabled us to weather the financial market meltdown. Clearly we didnt meet all the goals we had set at the beginning of 2008 yet we still finished the year with an industry leading small package operating margin of 13%. Conditions in the fourth quarter of 2008 continued to worsen. Industrial production fell, consumer spending dried up, and economic hardships spread throughout the world. In previous recessions consumer spending remained steady helping keep recessionary periods relatively short. This time, however, the consumer is not spending. Consequently experts predict that this recession will be worse then any weve seen in several decades. We are adapting our company to the current environment. We are looking at everything; organizational structure, compensation, network configurations, products and services. How we do business, why we do it that way, what do we really need, what can we do without. Weve made changes in the last six months in the way in which we operate. One of those changes involves revenue enhancement initiatives.  Perhaps the most significant revenue opportunity stems from DHLs departure from the US Domestic market. We went after that business vigorously with a well executed plan. We gained significant new volume as a result. We have more opportunities in 2009 as we compete globally with them particularly on volumes in and out of the US. As for the airlift contract, we and DHL had been working on, negotiations are continuing. With reduced scale of airlift need were finding it very difficult to reach an agreement.  Other changes weve made include reduction of non-operating expenses through district and corporate consolidations. Weve made adjustments in our Ground and Air networks worldwide to reduce costs and adapt to the market conditions. These initiatives total over $500 million and will partially offset the impact of continued economic weakness. In addition, we are freezing management wages, reducing other forms of compensation and suspending the companys 401(k) match and other benefits.  However, I want to be clear, we will still make strategic investments that provide worldwide opportunities to grow UPS. Hence strengthen the services and solutions we bring to our customers. We believe our strategy and business model are sound in that UPS offers a vastly better value proposition to the marketplace then any of our competitors. Plans are in place to manage our costs while ensuring that we maintain high quality service to our customers. In times of economic difficulty like todays environment there is one certainty in business. When trends improve, and they will, the landscape will be different. Some companies will be gone. Others will still be viable but damaged and no longer competitive leaders. UPS will emerge stronger, leaner and more customer focused and well prepared to benefit from improving trends. Now Ill turn it over to Kurt for a review of fourth quarter results.
Kurt Kuehn: In short, UPSs results clearly reflected the fourth quarter economic conditions. All of our businesses were negatively impacted. Earnings per share of $0.83 for the quarter, however, did enable us to achieve overall EPS of $3.50 for the year, within the range we provided to you over six months ago. Ill begin todays review with the Domestic Package operations. The 4.4% decline in total quarterly volume reflected a worsening of the economic trends we saw last year. UPS captured significant new volume as a result of DHLs departure from the US Domestic market. That volume, however, was not enough to offset declines from the economy. Revenue per piece was up marginally at 0.6%, because of the shift away from premium products and lower average weights. Weight per piece declined almost 10% for Air products and over 5% for Ground packages in the quarter. This is by far the largest decline in weight weve seen in this decade. The benefit we realized from the two month lag in the fuel surcharge was more than offset by reduced volumes, lighter weights and declines in premium products. When we provided guidance back in the third quarter there was an implied fuel surcharge lag benefit based on the forward curve. This lag actually provided an additional benefit of $0.10 per share over what wed expected. During December we experienced a peak season that was very similar to last year, with shipping concentrated during the last week and a half prior to Christmas. Based on what we learned in 2007 we brought on peak season helpers later this year which allowed us to better manage the process. Our operations continue to adapt to the new environment. For the quarter block hours were down mid single digits, direct labor hours were down over 5% and miles driven declined by 4.5%, while service metrics continued at all time highs. During the quarter we proceeded with numerous restructuring and network changes. We announced the closure of six district offices and the elimination of night sort operations at our regional air hubs in Dallas, Texas, and Columbia, South Carolina. All as part of a rigorous realignment of our Air network. We also announced the closure of a large office facility in Georgia in an effort to consolidate our corporate functions. These moves are a part of an ongoing program to resize the organization to match the changed business environment. Now for a look at the International business, UPS benefits from very strong regional networks in all major areas of the world tied together by a global air network. This balanced presence is a competitive differentiator and one that we will continue to nurture with future investments. Export volumes increased by 1.6% this is significantly below the 5% growth we had anticipated for the quarter but it remains market leading. We saw weakness in the US with mid single digit export volume declines. Asia was also down slightly although China achieved double digit growth. Europe posted a mid single digit improvement based on continued strong intra-regional growth and Latin America experienced a double digit volume gain.  International operations are experiencing the same impacts as the US Small Package business, declining average weight per package and a shift away from premium products. This shift was much more pronounced in the fourth quarter then wed seen in prior quarters as we helped our customers trade down not out of our comprehensive portfolio. These factors along with the currency impact contributed to a revenue per piece decline of over 8%. Removing currency, revenue per piece was down 3%. International operating margins declined to 14.9%. The positive impact on operating profit from fuel was more than offset by weakening global economic activity. For the quarter the fuel surcharge lag provided a benefit of $0.02 per share over what wed expected when we provided guidance.  We pointed out in the past that there are higher fixed versus variable costs in our International network and were addressing this issue vigorously. Weve identified opportunities to reduce block hours in our worldwide air network during 2009 without sacrificing service or footprint. In Europe were optimizing our ground network opportunities and have identified changes to be implemented in management and compensation of our outside service providers. At the same time we will continue to move forward. Non-US Domestic expansion will occur where theres minimal investment required. An example is our recently announced expansion of Domestic Express pickup and delivery service to 16 additional countries in Europe, Africa, Middle East and Latin America. In the quarter, UPS also continued investing to support long term growth opportunities. We opened our Air hub in Shanghai and broke ground on our new intra-Asian hub in Shenzhen, China that will be operational in 2010. Now lets look at the Supply Chain and Freight segment. Revenue declined 6.5%; operating margin was 2.6% for the quarter but came in at 5% for the year, at the high end of the range we had targeted at the beginning of 2008. As Andy mentioned, we did take a $548 million impairment charge in UPS Freight which experienced a disappointing fourth quarter. Declines in revenue and shipments reflected the very slow environment in the LTL sector. This poor performance severely impacted the operating profit for the segment. For the year UPS Freight did post slight profit. Weight per shipment improved slightly, although shipments per day were down. Price has become a major headwind today as excess capacity causes carriers to pull the pricing lever to defend share. Market watchers are of the opinion that this is one of the worst LTL environments ever.  To combat this situation we are intensifying our focus on cross selling the Freight portfolio to our Small Package customers. We have rolled out an enhanced world ship platform that allows customers to seamlessly optimize the selection between our hundred weight package service and LTL. This tool can help save a customer 10% to 15% in shipping costs. Global forwarding experienced a step down decline in revenue in November and December, reflecting the economy driven decreases in demand for customers products. However, profitability for this unit improved in the quarter as compared to last year. Weight per shipment declined and lower fuel surcharges had a negative impact on revenue for the quarter, a trend that we expect to continue into 2009. Our logistics operation performed quite well. Revenue increased in high tech and healthcare but was down in retail and industrial sectors. Service levels in this business remained very high and profits continue to improve. Over the past several years UPS has built a comprehensive supply chain management capability focused on the healthcare industry. Mercks selection of UPS to operate a significant portion of its US distribution demonstrates the success that we are achieving in this market sector. Now for a recap of our end of year financial position. Even in the midst of the toughest environment in our careers UPS remains rock solid. UPS generated cash flow from operations of $8.5 billion for the year. Our capital expenditures for 2008 were $2.6 billion, about $400 million less then wed anticipated at the beginning of the year. This equates to approximately 5% of revenue at the low end of our historical range. We paid $2.2 billion in dividends and $3.6 billion to repurchase 53.6 million shares. We did slow our 2008 stock repurchase program when the long term debt market became volatile. With the dramatic changes in the economy during the year and continuing economic uncertainty we will be particularly prudent in our financial management. We will continue repurchases but at a significantly reduced rate. One of the defining characteristics of our business has always been UPSs ability to generate cash flow and 2008 was no exception with free cash flow of $5.7 billion. Now a quick update on our fund flow from operation to total debt metric. We targeted a range of 50% to 60% that we would reach by the end of 2009 and we finished 2008 at 68%. Well continue working towards that range. As Scott said, everything is being evaluated from a financial as well as an operational perspective. We will manage the business in light of todays realities but also to make sure that were in position to capitalize on opportunities as they materialize. Now for some insights into 2009. We have our work cut out for us this year which will likely be even more difficult than 2008, with forecasters not anticipating any real economic recovery until 2010 UPS earnings for 2009 will suffer. Because of the amount of uncertainty surrounding global economic conditions it is premature to give full year guidance. If we did it would have to be a very wide range which in our opinion is not helpful.  Instead we will provide earnings guidance for the first quarter of this year which we expect will be between $0.52 and $0.68 per share. The first quarter will be weak, with slight improvements later in the year as initiatives take hold.  At the end of 2008 our pension plan funding levels were down substantially from the previous year, in concert with the decline seen in the investment markets. Although these plans remain well funded we will experience a pension expense increase that will have a drag of approximately $0.10 per share for the year. Another impact on the year involves fuel surcharges. When they were rapidly escalating, in some cases we discounted base rates in order to preserve the surcharges. Now as they have fallen it will take time to cycle through the contract negotiation process to pull back some of those base rate discounts. We believe this will be an impact throughout 2009. For the first quarter average daily volume in the Domestic operation is expected to decline between 3% to 5%. We anticipate package weight will remain lighter than our historical averages until the economy begins to rebound. International export volume should be down somewhat for the quarter. The Supply Chain and Freight segment should post an operating margin similar to that of the fourth quarter with UPS Freight particularly challenged through 2009. Over the longer term we are evaluating operational changes that would leverage our small package, forwarding and freight ground assets in the US in an effort to capitalize on network economies of scale. Ultimately its our plan to generate operational changed through both better alignment of our networks and asset utilization. With respect to capital expenditures our budget for 2009 will be $2.2 billion, some $400 million less then 2008s total. At less then 5% of revenue this will be the lowest weve seen this decade. While the current outlook is sobering to say the least we are taking measures to strengthen the company while focusing on helping our customers survive todays economic difficulties. These steps will help UPS preserve its financial strength and enhance its leadership position in the industry. Now Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from [Rob Samanon]  Wachovia Capital Markets
[Rob Samanon]  Wachovia Capital Markets: Could you guys give us a sense; in the prepared remarks you indicated that the pricing trends were stable in the Domestic Small Parcel. Could you give us a sense of how the pricing trends were throughout the quarter particularly after DHL had made their announcement if you guys had seen a step up in terms of pricing? If you could give us the actual price per package for each month as well as January would be helpful.
Kurt Kuehn: I wont get into that granular of detail. Certainly we do see over time improved pricing power in the industry. At the same time the dramatic changes in fuel surcharges are creating a lot of moving parts so it is going to be challenging externally to fully be able to map all of those factors. In general, we do feel that the pricing environment is very rational.  Certainly the DHL exit has a big impact on the market. Their volume is however lighter weight than average and most likely at a lower average revenue per piece although clearly as we have priced these DHL customers we are extracting an appropriate premium for UPS service and quality. It will be a year transition but overall we remain resolute in being disciplined for pricing. As the fuel surcharge impact filters through we think that it will be evident that the market is very rational.
[Rob Samanon]  Wachovia Capital Markets: Shifting gears to the capital expenditure side of things, could you give us a sense in terms of your share repurchase plan. You had indicated that you would scale it back significantly what that means and how we should be thinking about the repurchase throughout 2009 as well as if you could give us a sense what your thoughts are on the dividend here as well.
Kurt Kuehn: Right now the mantra has been conserve capital. Given the current uncertainty our balance sheet remains a thing of beauty and is an absolute strength for us that we intend to protect. We are being prudent, we did slow the stock repurchases, we do remain committed to repurchasing and retiring shares over time but we also want to make sure that we preserve our liquidity and flexibility. We did, as you can see, take aggressive steps to reduce capital expenditures, pulling back to just committed deliveries of assets, completing our world port hub expansion which is one of the things thats allowing us to make such dramatic improvements in our air network. Well be very prudent and cautious on that but still with a strong AA rating weve got plenty of horsepower.
Scott Davis: Our intent is to continue to reward our share owners be it dividends and share repurchase in 2009, even in this economic environment. Kurt said earlier that likely share repurchase will be at a smaller amount; I think that is prudent based on whats gone on in the credit markets. We are seeing some stabilization in the credit markets recently.  As far as dividend policy its determined at the discretion of our Board of Directors. I will remind you that despite earnings being down about 15% in 2008 versus 2007 that our free cash flow was outstanding at $5.7 billion. The cash position is great. We will take a look at that, the Board meets next week and normally looks at dividend policies at that point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Chase  Barclays Capital
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: I wondered if you could shed a little bit more light on the change in weight per package. You said DHL was a lower weight competitor. How much of what youre experiencing is just mix in picking up that volume and how much of it is customer mix and what should we expect looking forward with industrial economy doing what its doing should we expect the weight problem to get worse during the first quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: Thats one of the first times Ive heard a weight problem being lowing weight, in this case it may be. The majority of it is the economic cycle. Weve been talking to that the last three or four quarters. Clearly in slow economic times there are just plain less widgets per box and so the average weight of each package does tend to drift down. Having said that we did see an acceleration in that in the fourth quarter. Certainly we think some of that acceleration is market share gain from DHL. Its still a moving target; DHL really has just wrapped up their domestic operations. Its too soon for us to really characterize that or give you any specifics on the impact. We do think that that will continue to bring volume to our network but in some cases lower weight than average. We did see the same trends internationally where the weight shifts were substantial. Certainly thats primarily economically driven right now.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: As you think about the actions that youre taking to resize the networks; segment reductions, compensation changes, etc. is there a way for us to think about how much of that was completed and in place within the fourth quarter result that weve already seen and how much is yet to come.
Kurt Kuehn: The $500 million in network changes, operational changes and some of those, the majority of that is still rolling out. Certainly there was some portion of that towards the end of the year. I would say the majority is still to be realized. The compensation changes that we announced that are in addition to that really dont begin to kick in until March which is our normal annual pay cycle.  Theres certainly still benefits to come from that and we will both extract benefits out of that and frankly were busy working on continued review of initiatives all across the company, its a top priority for us and were going to make sure the company stays in good shape.
Scott Davis: Weve had a hiring freeze on throughout most of 2008 and all that benefits with attrition as people leave the payroll we dont replace those people. Kurt mentioned in his earlier comments that remember that were managing our workforce everyday and you saw that in the last quarter where direct labor hours were down more than volume 5.1% versus 4.4%. Well continue to manage the variable costs on a daily basis. Some of the organizational structure changes, we made some of the last year, we made some of them effective in January where we took down six more district offices which will help our organization moving forward. Some of it you saw in 2008 but a lot of it is coming in 2009.
Gary Chase  Barclays Capital: Is this sizing into the current economy or something a bit deeper?
Scott Davis: We certainly expect the first half of this year to be worse then what we saw in 2008. As a result, were going to manage the company to those levels. We dont know when its going to turn around but were going to manage it as if its going to stay down for certainly all of 2009.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research
Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research: When you think about right sizing the network and lets call it you giving guidance of -3% to -5% in Domestic and slightly negative in International. Lets call it negative low something for the rest of the year. Can you catch up by third; fourth quarter assuming we dont go from -3% or 5% to -10% if it just says in that range? Can you start to see the margin year over year improve or thats impossible the way the network is over that period of time?
Scott Davis: Its going to be very difficult to improve the margins if we have a declining economy. Were going to do everything we can to hold the margins the best we can. With the mix of the products and as Kurt talked about the huge drop in weight in the products we saw in the fourth quarter its likely to continue the first half of the year. Its going to be a challenge for us to do that. Were going to do everything in our power and were going to presume the economy keeps getting worse.  Frankly I think the economy youre going to see the biggest drop in the first quarter of 09 even worse then the down 3.8% and down 6% IP numbers we saw in the fourth quarter. Second quarter will probably negative not quite as bad. Its not unrealistic to say its going to flatten out at the end of the year, the economy. Were going to manage it as if its going to stay at the first and second quarter levels.
Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research: If Domestic and International volume are both negative should we assume in International margins deteriorate more given the fixed cost nature of it and that theyre coming from higher places.
Kurt Kuehn: Were really not in a position to go too far on outlook right now. Clearly there is a higher portion of fixed costs but were taking some pretty dramatic steps to take that cost out. One silver lining since youre binning for some good news, the dramatic reduction in fuel surcharges from up in the 30% plus down to what will be only a 1% surcharge in February.  We think will have a beneficial effect on our premium products. Certainly in a tough economy thats not going to come booming back but we do think that we will begin to see more of a balanced growth between our ground and air and our deferred products and our premium air. That will certainly be a positive as we begin to reverse some of those negative headwinds.
Scott Davis: As challenging as the economy has been including Europe we still showed pretty good transporter growth in Europe and expect to continue that growth in 2009.
Edward Wolfe  Wolfe Research: The deferred Air yields that really weakened this quarter is that DHL stuff coming towards deferred more than other products or is there something youre doing in particular there?
Kurt Kuehn: Thats always a very volatile segment. Yes, plus or minus a few big customers can make a big difference in that. Youll see that one jumps around. I wouldnt draw too fine a point on that.
Scott Davis: The majority of DHL volume is heading towards Ground also.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird: Can you talk about the balance sheet and primarily the shareholder equity? Im assuming theres probably a pension hit in there and youve got the write down. Essentially shareholder equity down by about $4 billion sequentially can you walk me through the puts and takes there?
Kurt Kuehn: The big factor on that were the declines in our pension. We had a fairly substantial pension asset at the end of last year that basically has been eliminated and actually we did then show an increase in liability of a couple billion on that side. In addition, we did repurchase $3.6 billion of shares this year. In aggregate the combination of the loss on the pension, the repurchase of stock and we did have one extra dividend payment in 08 due to a tightening up the calendar but we really paid the November dividend before the end of the year combined. Those were really the three primary factors.
Scott Davis: The pension thing was a difficult issue for all companies with defined benefits. What happens everybody has investment losses in 2008. At the end of the year the discount rate actually came down so it increased the liability. Its one of those things that hopefully see that turn around the next year or two.
Kurt Kuehn: We do our pension plans are still in pretty good shape, theyre about 90% funded. Thats with us coming into the year with about 130% funding something like that. The combination of investment reductions and expenses reduced that. It is an issue for us; it is adding about $0.10 a share headwind on costs this year. Were going to continue to manage that and we think the strength of our pension plan remains an asset for the company.
Scott Davis: Even in this environment where we saw that kind of drop in asset value in pension plans were still well funded. A lot of other companies in the US are not well funded and we use our free cash flow to fund pensions in future years.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird: How big was the pension charge to shareholder equity in the quarter?
Scott Davis: $3.5 billion after tax. Thats the hit on equity.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird: The fuel side you quantified it in the call relative to your expectations that is was $0.10 more, $0.02 more in Domestic and International. What was it in total benefit excluding your expectations?
Kurt Kuehn: Theres a lot of moving parts on that. You have to factor in expenses direct and indirect and all of that so really the guidance weve been giving is the relative impact of the month over month changes with the two month lag. Thats really all that were comfortable saying today.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird: You had some expectations in your original guidance; the numbers you gave on the call were incremental to that.
Kurt Kuehn: Absolutely and thats what we tried to provide some clarity on.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird: On the International side how much of the cost initiatives and revenue enhancement initiatives, two different things, are targeted on the International side versus Domestic?
Kurt Kuehn: Theres a significant amount of focus on the International. Its maybe a half a step behind the Domestic frankly. Our growth has remained very strong just up until this fourth quarter. We are digging in very heavily on that looking at our air network, making sure that were being prudent in the amount of capacity we have in the air.  Were also looking at operational models, I mentioned our European ground network looking for opportunities to better align our large forwarding operation in Europe and our package operations. There are plenty of opportunities. It is, as Ive said a little behind the progress of the Domestic where weve been facing reduced demand for some time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: I wanted to try to get a sense of how youre thinking about the pace of operating expense increase when you look at 2009. Youve got some pretty significant cost reduction actions but I know you have some inflation and your Teamster labor contract and so forth. If you take out the impact of fuel and you consider some of the cost savings and maybe your volume outlook whats the magnitude of operating expense change in 2009, do you have any sense of that? Is it down a couple percent, is it down mid single digits, can it be down 10%?
Kurt Kuehn: As you know were very focused, always focused on making sure that we adjust our hours to match the demand. Our operations people did a superb job in the fourth quarter reducing direct labor hours in excess of volume. Were going to continue to have high expectations from them to adapt and react and make sure that we are eliminating and reducing hours wherever possible. As you correctly pointed out we do have a labor increase that becomes a little more challenging in a no growth environment because the average seniority moves up and with the very favorable contract we got we get the full benefit with moderate growth. There are some headwinds in that area; pension expense as we mentioned will be up.  We are very focused across the company to right size and match the management compensation and variable comp plans are changing, our operators are reinventing the wheel as it is to make sure that as volume continues to be down and this will really be two years as we wrap some of these other declines, those are substantial changes. Were re-jiggering the network and doing everything we can. The goal is to have our direct hours move in concert with the volume reductions and then were working very hard on all the other expenses.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: If you consider the inflation in the union agreements and then you consider the cost reductions are you essentially offsetting the inflation in the union agreements with the specific cost reduction measures you have?
Kurt Kuehn: If we can fully offset expense increases were doing great. We do expect real revenue per piece to continue to increase. That would be an admirable goal if we can really hold cost per piece absolutely flat in a tough economy with shrinking volumes. Im not sure we can get all the way there but clearly thats the kind of thing were working towards.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: On the pricing side you sounded rational pricing which obviously is good but you also said maybe base rate is down because the optics of what you had done to preserve fuel surcharge mechanism might hurt you going forward. If you take out weight per piece impact and take out fuel surcharges do you think on a comparable basis the base rate is actually down in 2009?
Kurt Kuehn: No we dont. Weve gone back and done some extensive look at this over the last eight or nine years and theres clearly an inverse relationship between fuel surcharges and base rate retention. When fuel surcharges go up we do see a very clear reduction in our ability to keep more of the base rate. Conversely if that corrects we do see better base rate retention. Actually over the course of 09 we should see better base rate retention then 08 but there is a little bit of a lag as we go back, renegotiate contracts.  Our Air customers will see dramatic reduction in expense this year because of the precipitous declines in the fuel surcharge. We think that will allow over time better base rate keep. Its a transition and it needs to be rational and sensitive to our customers needs. We do feel good over the longer term that youll see solid and continued base rate retention.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: In the first quarter guidance how much have you assumed on a per share basis from fuel or from the squeeze on base rates?
Kurt Kuehn: If you look at our fuel surcharges you are going to see some pretty dramatic surcharge reductions versus last year. Ballpark for the quarter based on whats in the bank and where the forward curve looks at well probably have about a 15% lower fuel surcharge Q1 of 09 versus Q1 of 08 on the Air and probably a 3% headwind on the Ground. Those are some fairly significant shifts year over year. Not all of that goes directly to what the overall revenue per piece will be. Compliance is not 100% and we do think well have some compensation on the base rate side. It will be a very volatile series for you to track as we have these very significant year over year changes. We will get a slight benefit of the fuel lag. Certainly no where near what we saw in the fourth quarter. The predominant issue well be facing is to make sure that we are working with our customers in beginning to balance the appropriate rates now that the fuel has come way back down.
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: On a net basis then is fuel, does it turn to a negative in Q1 or do you still have some lag benefit.
Kurt Kuehn: Theres still a slight benefit in Q1.
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: What was the effect in Q4 of exchange at a total company level both on revenue and on operating profit can you break that out for us?
Kurt Kuehn: Exchange rates were relatively neutral. We do fortunately had some favorable hedges in place that actually cost us some profits as the Euro and the Pound were at very high rates because we sold away some of the top end but now that theyre plummeting we are able to stabilize it. Thats really the intent of the hedges to stabilize earnings volatility. There was a benefit to the hedges and a slight benefit for some revaluation of assets but youre talking small amounts. We were very pleased for the International that the hedges were as we expected. We are well hedged through 09 for the Euro and for the Pound through the first half of the year.
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: Youre bringing down CapEx; slowing down the share repurchases I would assume youll still generate significant cash flow. Is the first priority to start paying down some of the debt or where else would it go?
Scott Davis: UPS is always a company that generates free cash flow, you saw that in 2008. Youll see it again in 2009. Were still going to make distribution to shareowners via dividends and via the share repurchase. Share repurchase not at the same level probably as we saw in 2008. There will be opportunities out there for us too. We think great companies get stronger in down economies. We think there will be opportunities for UPS to buy assets and/or companies below market value in the year or two ahead of us. We think this is a great opportunity to keep our powder dry and look for opportunities to make UPS a strong company for the future.
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: No emphasis on debt repayment at this point youre happy with the current leverage?
Scott Davis: Were happy. Our funds from operations to debt is about the 60% level we targeted and well keep it probably in that level in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Green  Morgan Stanley
William Green  Morgan Stanley: As we looked at the fourth quarter, economic activity obviously slowed. Can you give a little bit more color around how your volumes trended by month in the quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: It was an interesting quarter that way. We saw sequential worsening from October to November. The discussion we had in October things began actually trending down even worse in November. There is the impact of when Thanksgiving fell that makes the November/December results a little tangled. We actually were somewhat pleased by the way the holiday turned out. Volume overall for the holiday season was close to flat with last year. Although as we mentioned earlier it was the wait until the last week and a half syndrome that we had that does make things a little challenging. We did see firming up of our volume trends during the holidays. Certainly some of that is most likely customers that decided to jump over to UPS in light of the dramatic uncertainty at DHL during the holidays. Trying to separate exactly what was that transition and what was true strength in the economy is tough. We do think though, based on our guidance we gave you that trends are going to return back closer to what they looked like in October and maybe November then what we had in December. One interesting note, on the internet shipping this year we did see much more modest growth and really the internet shippers did not outperform the rest of the bricks and mortar this year, although certainly there were a few notable exceptions like Amazon. It was a little different peak as far as the mix of customers.
William Green  Morgan Stanley: Was your B to C trend was it much slower then youve seen in the past? You had been adding a point or so in terms of total percentage of the Domestic volume I think around 30% or so.
Kurt Kuehn: It certainly continued to outgrow but we have seen big sequential changes back to Scotts comments about the consumer in B to C volumes slowing. The consumer did come through and we did see B to C increases in the fourth quarter at least in December.
William Green  Morgan Stanley: In January the trends that you gave for the quarterly guidance January trends were roughly in line with that?
Kurt Kuehn: Pretty much. Its been a noisy January with substantial weather events, with the Inauguration. In general we think that based on what were seeing in January that guidance is appropriate.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets
John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets: Looking at the CapEx budget whats your minimum maintenance CapEx level?
Kurt Kuehn: Weve had a number of discussions on that. Probably the best approximation we have for maintenance CapEx is our deprecation expense. We are still modestly above that. Weve been fairly rigorous this year in looking at CapEx. We do have some growth CapEx in for next year, the completion of the world port hub and additional receipts of some aircraft, 767s and 747s. Certainly weve tightened up in most areas and are really restricting to maintenance on our facilities and our vehicles at this point. Having said that, the world port expansion is both an expansion of capacity and also a tremendous efficiency move as I mentioned earlier. Because of having such amount of capacity in one location we are able to reduce the number of regional air sorts we have, make much better utilization of our aircraft. Well continue to invest where it makes sense. We have to the capital but were going to be prudent right now.
John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets: Where I was getting at was if you break down stuff like aircraft deliveries of whats scheduled for 09 of the 767s and the 400s?
Scott Davis: Three 767s and three 747s come in in 09.
John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets: The 26 other planes are 2010 and beyond. I was trying to see if its possible to push those back especially with fuel is not as big an issue now if flying the 200s and some of the older planes is more attractive if you can hold off on those purchases.
Kurt Kuehn: Were looking at that. At the same time we do intend over time to migrate the DC-8 suite out with aging aircraft directives, its likely in the next three to four years that most of those will become uneconomic. Were balancing that. We do have cash. We think weve got favorable terms and if it makes sense to defer out well certainly talk with Boeing and any other providers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Hoexter  Bank of America
Ken Hoexter  Bank of America: You were talking about pricing before in the contract; I want to understand that a little bit better. If youve got contracts with customers and as fuel was running up did you go back to them and reduce the base rate in that in order to keep them. Obviously you felt some competitive pressure to do that if thats exactly what you were highlighting. Did the contract not automatically revert if fuel fell as dramatically as it has? I want to understand the process and the time that its going to take to retest some of those base rates.
Kurt Kuehn: Maybe the simplest way to think of it is more that as we do our annual rate change and go to customers with a rate increase we negotiate how much of that to retain in their expenses. When youve got fuel at 20%, 30% plus percent its very difficult to retain much of that base rate increase. Its more over the course of last year. In some cases we did sacrifice base rate increase because of the extreme costs that our customers were facing for fuel. As that moderates then we do begin to recover and get more back on to a normal approach of keeping the base rate increase.
Scott Davis: That shouldnt really be a surprise. Weve talked about that over the last two years of the impact fuel had on base rate.
Kurt Kuehn: Its one of the reasons its very difficult to just purely pull the fuel surcharge out of our overall rate changes as far as what the real pricing is going on.
Ken Hoexter  Bank of America: I was trying to see if there was a timing impact on that. On the UK it sounded like on this write down that youre taking are you shifting from providing Domestic services in the UK or did I misinterpret what you were saying there.
Kurt Kuehn: What that is, is we did make a domestic acquisition in the UK several years ago. Over the last couple of years have been busy integrating that with expanded hub in the domestic area. As we reviewed the operations there and looked at the impact of the economy most notably on the Domestic UK business it was clear that the value we had assigned to their existing customer base really was not appropriate. Many of those customers had churned out. Certainly we brought Domestic services to a lot of our import/export customers so in general the business is healthy. As part of the acquisition we attributed a value to the customer base and as we reviewed that it was clear given where the economy is and the migration in our customer base more from the ones we had from the acquisition to our existing customers with Express that it made sense to adjust it.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus: A question on UPS Freight, it looks like youve lost some money there in the fourth quarter and its pretty challenging LTL environment out there as you mentioned. With the network you currently have in place after integrating overnight and motor cargo have you had to rationalize that at all, have you closed any terminals or tweaking that network?
Kurt Kuehn: We really did quite a bit of that as part of the integration of the motor cargo group and the overnight group. We dont see dramatic changes in the physical assets. We do believe were going to continue to gain share. You can see that our growth did slow substantially. Some of that is in some cases losing some big customers that we have just decided not to chase. We still feel pretty confident that we will get back on a very strong growth curve with market share gains. It has been a tough year and were still trying to strike that balance of helping our customers save money as we bring them more value. As I said, one of the things that are proving most successful now is what we call our Freight Rate Calculator, which allows shipping managers to see rates in an LTL format for both our small package and our freight services. Its been very successful of us going to customers, helping them reduce their spend by 10% to 15%, without a lot of rate pressure because we can find the best mode for each shipment individually and show that in a way thats apples to apples. We are going to continue to enhance service, invest in technology but at the same time in this environment weve got to make sure that we dont get ahead of ourselves and we will continue to be cautious on that. Clearly UPS Freight is on a cost reduction campaign also. Long term were optimistic but given the current environment we just thought it was prudent to take the impairment.
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus: With the cross sell between LTL and Parcel where are you in penetration of Parcel customers with the LTL business? I know its been targeted for a while but any color, just scratching the surface or you have a ways to go?
Kurt Kuehn: Were still in the early innings. Weve been a little disappointed that thats taken us longer than wed hoped. Some of the economic uncertainty and chaos has distracted our customers and maybe even our sales people a little bit. That is a priority for us this year and we are very confident its a unique differentiator.
Scott Davis: Ive just come back from visiting all of our Domestic region locations. Thats a high topic, big priority for our company in 2009. Our people are going to pay a lot of attention to that cross selling opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robin Byde  HSBC
Robin Byde  HSBC: On DHL and your Q1 earnings guidance, to clarify, does the range youve given assume volume gains from the DHL shutdown or is this guidance just on the underlying business?
Kurt Kuehn: This guidance is our best guess of what will come through in Q1. As I said, its still a little bit of a moving target as operations just ceased there last week. We have a number of customers that came on board in the fourth quarter. Certainly theres more that were brining on board in January. Until the dust settles were hesitant to give you any specific information. Clearly well talk more about DHL in the next quarters call. One note I do want to make though is that this is not just a domestic US event. Within the US we are also seeing a number of customers come to us related to their import/export needs as DHL reduces their service footprint. We think our value proposition for our international network is compelling. Also we are seeing increased interest outside the US in customers coming to UPS. We intend to press the advantage across the globe.
Robin Byde  HSBC: A question on your European operations, could you tell us what youre seeing in terms of slowdown on Asia to Europe trade. Are market trends getting weaker or flattening out?
Kurt Kuehn: There certainly getting much weaker. The areas of continued strength, although strength is stretching it, were continuing to see intra-Europe trade remain more vibrant although thats primarily small package. Clearly Asia to Europe is close to flat now where we had seen very strong growth.
Scott Davis: Thats probably the biggest change we might have seen in the fourth quarter was the Asia to Europe was growing at a fast pace up until the fourth quarter and really moderated.
Operator: Your last question comes from David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Co.
David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Co.: Im surprised how much money you made internationally in the quarter given the fact that revenues were down substantially from the third quarter you made almost the same amount of money as the third quarter, in fact you made a little bit more on an adjusted basis. What is it other than fuel consumption is there anything going on there?
Scott Davis: Theres seasonality there to a certain extent. We expect to make normally more money in the fourth quarter then we do in the third. If you recall the third quarter in Europe, there are so many holidays there in August that it almost shuts down, its a tough quarter for us. We did a nice job internationally; wed still like to see more profits in the fourth quarter then what we made.
David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Co.: You wouldnt expect that same situation in the first quarter.
Kurt Kuehn: Q3 to Q4 is always an increase. As Scott said, were looking to continue to improve margins. We do see challenging comps Q1 over Q1 and thats built into our guidance. The International though is changing more rapidly then the Domestic. Domestic weve been fairly stable over the last quarter or two although month to month it can change. The International were staying on our high alert to make sure we right size the network.
Scott Davis: Lets wrap up with a few comments. Nobody is escaping pain in this financial crisis. Our employees feel it, our customers feel it and certainly our shareowners feel it. I want to remind you that were a great company thats operating in a bad economy right now. Great companies do weather the storm and they come out stronger. What it comes down to is the strength of our balance sheet, the power of our brands, the value of our services, the contributions of our people and the quality of our leadership. UPS has all of these strengths and we will prosper as we move into the future. Thanks so much.
Andy Dolny: Thanks for joining us this morning.
Operator: That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&Ts Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Andy Dolny  IR Scott Davis  CEO Kurt Kuehn  CFO
Analysts:  Garrett Chase  Barclays Capital  Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird  Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research  Robin Byde - HSBC Securities  Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan William Green - Morgan Stanley  Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Justin Yagerman - Wachovia David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus  David Campbell - Thompson Davis John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets  Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse Mark McVicar  Dresdner Kleinwort  Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan 
Operator: Good morning. I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relation third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations; sir you may begin. 
Andy Dolny: Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. Im here this morning with Scott Davis, our CEO, and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, to discuss the companys results and our future expectations. But before we begin, Ill review the Safe Harbor language.  Some of the comments well make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2007 10-K and 2008 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor Relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission.  In their remarks today, Scott and Kurt will discuss comparisons between the third quarters of 2008 and 2007 excluding the effect of the restructuring charge that occurred last year. We believe that these results more accurately reflect UPSs true performance last year. The adjustment stems from a $46 million restructuring charge and related expenses for supply chain business in France which equated to about $0.03 per diluted share. A reconciliation of these results is included with our earnings announcement this morning and appears on UPSs IR website in the Financial Information tab. Now to begin our review, Ill turn the program over to Scott. 
Scott Davis : Thanks Andy and good morning everyone. As everyone knows the third quarter turned out to be one of the most challenging that the worlds financial markets have seen in a long time. Im pleased to say that UPS performed well despite the difficult environment.  At the present time we have a continuation of the same story. Consensus GDP and IP growth keep getting lowered. Economic recovery gets pushed out farther into 2009 even possibly into 2010 and indicators continue to reflect the slowing global economic activity. Expectations are that the next few quarters will be challenging. Industrial production was negative in the third quarter and is now expected to be negative for the year. As we said many times in the past industrial production is one of the best barometers for our US domestic package business.  Retail sales growth has also slowed and is expected to remain weak. Forecasters anticipate that consumer spending will be worse then the current slowdown then in the prior two downturns. I know this sounds somewhat somber, but despite these challenges there is much within UPS to be pleased about.  Our international export volume growth decreased 7% per day significantly more then the market. The performance of our supply chain unit continued the momentum we have seen all year with operating profit up over 30%. We managed our domestic package operations well in response to lower then anticipated volumes but service levels at all time highs. Once again, the company posted industry leading operating profit and margins and generated substantially increased free cash flow. And finally UPSs strong balance sheet ensured we had ready access to commercial paper at very favorable rates.  All in all, UPS around the world performed well in todays difficult business environment. We were benefiting from our extensive global presence and expanded product portfolio. In fact, 40% of revenue this quarter came from the international and supply chain of freight segments.  This compares to only 25% in 2003. Let me switch gears now and touch on a topic I know all of you are interested in, our airlift contract with DHL.  We are still in negotiations with them on this contract and hope to conclude an agreement before the end of the year. That said, we have not stopped competing with them. We will continue to do so as we do with all competitors and we made that clear from the start of the negotiations. Now, I want to recognize some recent achievements. UPSers did a magnificent job responding to the destruction caused by recent hurricanes. In spite of the personal challenges they faced our people had small package and freight operations up and running within days of each storm. That was no small accomplishment. UPS contributed over $1 million in monetary and in-kind disaster relief for Gulf Coast residents. In addition were actively involved in Haiti, supporting Care International, deploying logistics experts to work with the world food program there, and providing supplies to make clean water available for over five million people. Another group of UPSers deserving recognition is our logistics team responsible for the behind the scene support of the Olympic games of China. Several thousand UPSers literally delivered the games moving 19 million items including everything from kayaks to canoes to the 2000 drums you all saw in the opening ceremonies. I congratulate them for their dedication, organization, and flawless execution.  Lastly I want to remind you that UPS published our sixth annual corporate sustainability report in the quarter. We were the first in our industry to produce such a report and then annually benchmarked progress against long-term goals.  Before I turn the program over to Kurt, I want to reiterate my firm belief that adverse times test the mettle of an organization and that good companies can emerge better and stronger for having had that test.  Im confident that UPSs mettle is resilient, flexible, and adaptable. UPS is and will remain a financially sound and well-run business.  Now for details on the quarter and our thoughts on the future, Ill turn the call over to Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn : Thank you Scott and good morning everyone. Against the backdrop of economic slowing and financial turmoil UPS performed well in the third quarter. Revenue was up a healthy 7.4% and earnings per share came in at $0.96.  We made good progress on our cost initiatives but there were more then offset by economic deceleration and the high cost of fuel which drove product mix changes. In fact fuel expense was up 65% compared with a year ago driven by higher prices.  However since average fuel prices declined rapidly throughout the quarter the two-month lag in the fuel surcharge did provide a benefit of about $90 million for the US domestic operations.  Three months ago we told you that we anticipated the US small package market would contract about 2% in the second half of the year. However economic conditions worsened more then expected and our results reflect that. We saw volume declines across our entire domestic portfolio. July and August volume continued second quarter trends but in September we saw precipitous declines. Most notable were the next day products where letter volume declined more then package volume, largely due to significant softness in the services sector. Revenue per piece increased 5.8% led by next day air at 11%. Gains were due to focused revenue management efforts in both the air and ground products and to the impact of higher fuel surcharges. These were offset somewhat by lower weights and less favorable mix characteristics.  New lighter weight competitive wins in our deferred product constrained revenue per piece improvement. We believe the pricing environment continues to be rational. Domestic operating margin was down 200 points although we still generated an industry-leading margin of 14.2%. In the quarter we implemented a number of cost control initiatives. While absolute costs are up year-over-year due to higher fuel expense, wage and benefit expense moderated as a result of our success in adapting our network to lower volume levels.  For example operating hours were down 3.4%, same as package volume. Miles were also reduced about 3%. The benefit of the new labor contract however was mitigated somewhat by the reduction in volumes. We also made adjustments to our air network, [lock] hours were reduced without degrading service. In fact throughout the company service levels were at an all time high. Even though cost control is particularly important today we will not sacrifice investment for the future. As part of our constant effort to enhance the product portfolio UPS improved air package pick up service for more then a quarter of all US businesses. The enhancements provide more flexibility to meet critical deadlines for customers who do not have a daily scheduled pick up.  Now to our international business, this segment posted solid results despite global economic challenges illustrating the competitive advantage of our integrated global operations. Average daily export volume increased 7%, well beyond market growth rates.  This is due in part to our broad global offering and the technology tools weve developed to simplify international shipping, like paperless invoice and international returns. All regions of the world experienced mid to high single-digit growth. US import volume growth from all regions of the world did remain negative however, but non-US lanes were strong. Transporter volume within Europe for example was up 10% and Asia to Europe increased over 15%. Although revenue per piece increased more then 11% operating results were negatively impacted by mix change particularly in Europe and by the decline in US imports. Nevertheless just as in our US operations this segment generates the industrys best operating margin.  And remember this 13.1% operating margin reflects the traditional slowing in Europe in the summer. Across the globe we continue investing to support future growth opportunities. In the fourth quarter UPS will open its new hub in Shanghai, which will link all of China to UPSs international network.  And tomorrow we will break ground on our new intra Asia air hub in Shenzhen, China. This hub will reduce transit time for almost 200 city [payers] in Asia and it will play an important role in facilitating robust intra Asia trading activity.  Lets turn now to the supply chain and freight segment, which continued to demonstrate the positive momentum weve seen in previous quarters this year. Revenue increased 9% and profitability improved over 30%.  Operating margin of 5.6% was inline with our target for the year. International and North American airfreight drove significant profitability improvements. The expanded airfreight service portfolio that we introduced early in the year continues to attract new customers. UPS freight posted 7.8% LTO revenue improvement but tonnage was flat and shipments declined reflecting the tough economic conditions and a more competitive pricing environment. Productivity and service metrics continued to improve and see are attracting and retaining customers with our world ship and quantum view managed technologies. Earlier this month UPS freight announced the third round of network enhancements this year. Time and transit improvements have been made to over 12,000 lanes in the past 18 months offering faster service for two-thirds of all US zip codes. These enhancements are part of a continual process to add value for customers by improving the velocity of our network.  Before I talk about the fourth quarter I do want to comment on our solid financial position. For the first nine months of this year, UPS generated approximately $7 billion in cash from operations. With that we invested $2.1 billion in capital expenditures, spent $3.3 billion to repurchase 48.5 million shares, paid dividends of $1.8 billion, and still ended the nine months with $1.8 billion in cash and investments. Through the end of the third quarter free cash flow reached $4.6 billion reflecting the strength of our business model. This does include approximately $1 billion in US federal tax refunds related to the companys withdrawal from the central states pension plan.  As a point of comparison a year ago free cash flow was $3.1 billion. UPS also continues to experience ample liquidity in the commercial paper market at very favorable rates. In these turbulent times investors exhibit a flight to quality mentality and our strong balance sheet is very attractive.  In addition we had bank credit lines well in excess of our outstanding commercial paper. We did see a $23 million reduction in this quarters investment income due to an impairment on certain auction rate securities, primarily Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  In the quarter we spent over $800 million to repurchase almost 13 million shares. This was a somewhat slower pace then in the first half of the year. As credit markets became chaotic we though it prudent to pull back a bit.  We intend to continue repurchasing shares but the pace will depend on market conditions which well continue to monitor.  Weve also reduced our 2008 capital expenditure budget by $200 million to $2.8 billion. All in all UPSs financial position remains very strong and we intend to preserve our ability to maneuver and to take advantage of whatever opportunities we may identify.  Now for the fourth quarter, with consumer confidence approaching new lows were concerned that Santas sleigh may be a bit lighter then usual this year. We expect domestic volumes to be down about 4% for the quarter reflecting the economic slowing.  We intend to execute an effective and efficient peak operating plan diligently matching the network to volume levels. Given current economic conditions we believe it will be several more quarters before any turnaround will become evident.  In the international arena several European economies are on the brink of recession and most of Asias economies are expected to grow at a slower rate then in the past. With the strengthening dollar and US trading partners experiencing weaker economies US export growth is also expected to slow. Nonetheless we expect export volume growth should increase by approximately 5% with a mid teen operating margin for the segment. In the global small package operations yield growth will moderate due to a substantial decline in fuel surcharge revenues.  However we anticipate base pricing to remain firm. The supply chain and freight segment should continue the growth trends weve seen all year. Operating margin in this segment is expected to be at or above 5% for the full year constrained somewhat by the tough conditions in the LTL freight business. And lastly earnings per share for the year should be towards the lower end of the $3.50 to $3.70 range that we provided midyear.  You know its no secret that 2009 will be challenging. We intend to pursue long-term growth opportunities and be opportunistic in extracting growth in todays tough environment. In addition  UPS will implement a wide range of cost initiatives in both the US and abroad to match our business to volume levels.  This will include network modifications, lower capital expenditures, and reductions in staffing levels. UPS has a long history of managing through all kinds of economic scenarios. Were confident in our business model and in our ability to adapt it to match market conditions, both good and bad.  We will invest for the future while managing conservatively through the near-term. Now Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Garrett Chase  Barclays Capital 
Garrett Chase  Barclays Capital : If you take literally what you said about the trends progression through the quarter in terms of what happened in September on the volume side, sounds like September was a pretty bad month, probably down double-digit in air, and mid single-digits in ground, is that the case and it feels like the fourth quarter guidance on the domestic volume while its not good, it certainly looks good relative to what that September comment would suggest, can you give a little color there?
Kurt Kuehn : If you look at what we said on our last earnings call, May and June both were fairly sluggish and we saw those two months down a couple of percent, that trend basically continued through July and August and then in September that rate of decline more then doubled and so we did see slower trends especially starting the second and third week of September.  And basically that pace has continued through October so far. The good news is we do see some stability in that but the bad news is it does generate then our best guess of volume growth of 4% for the fourth quarter. Clearly the fourth quarter will be heavily dependent on the Christmas holiday and it anybodys guess exactly how that comes out, although frankly we do think that people will be conservative this year. 
Garrett Chase  Barclays Capital : I understand theres a lag, but the fuel surcharge component is going to come down dramatically as I think you mentioned, what kind of impact do you think thats going to have? Do you think youve seen more of the volume weakness already because the surcharges were so high? 
Kurt Kuehn : Well certainly the surcharge had a dramatic effect on shipping behavior. We do know that it did cause additional pressure on our premium products and the significant amount of trade down into the deferred and the ground products.  Right now at least fuel has come down dramatically and well see where it goes from here but if the conditions continue were hopeful that therell be some benefit both on the premium products picking up a little more and also well get some benefit in the fourth quarter from the two-month lag. 
Scott Davis : We built our guidance for the oil to be in the mid 80s, so theres maybe a little bit of an upside there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird 
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird : When you look at the domestic express margin and even if I back out the $90 million of fuel it looks like youve made some progress there in the year, how much of that is related to the teamsters contract going in on August 1 and how much of that is related to your ongoing efforts to control costs?
Kurt Kuehn : The majority really is our cost initiatives. We have moved pretty quickly to adjust the network to [print] out discretionary spending and just make sure we right size and let our people know that at least at this point we dont anticipate much change to the better. The labor contract certainly has some favorable attributes but the effect of that was muted because of the very low growth, we really arent bringing as many new employees and you get a magnifying effect as you do that. 
Scott Davis : Weve always said that we should built a right to these [inaudible] better then most, we said that half of our costs are directly variable and you really saw that in the third quarter where our volumes were down 3.4% and hours were down 3.4%, block hours were down in areas. We do a pretty good job managing to the downturns. 
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird : The margin for the fourth quarter in domestic, youre just summing all your pieces together it seems like youre looking at a low double-digit operating margin on the domestic side to get your guidance range, is that true even inclusive of the fact that your fuel benefit assuming fuel stays where its at today, is probably double what it was in the third quarter for domestic?
Kurt Kuehn : We do have an estimate of fuel in there thats a little above where prices are at today so theres certainly some potential there. But frankly with negative 4% volumes this is a challenging quarter. The holidays are always an exciting time for us, you really have to forecast and commit assets and resources far ahead of time. So there is more exposure certainly during December to volume changes then in most times of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research 
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research : On the DHL contract, you said youre still hopeful of closing it, do you have a bit more insight, it seems like theyve hemorrhaged a lot of business and you certainly won your fair share of that recently, do you think its still a billion a year or is that number going to be a lot smaller should the line haul agreement occur?
Scott Davis : The negotiations are continuing. We hope to reach an agreement before the end of the year, but realistically the scope and size of the deal may be changed based on the customers reactions to their announced restructuring and downsizing in the US. On top of that weakening economies are going to have an impact on them as it does everybody. I think its fair to say that were still negotiating but the scope and the size of that deal could change. 
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research : Is there a time period where if its not done by this time, its kind of too late from that perspective?
Scott Davis : I think its something that weve got to look at from our perspective and they have to look at from their perspective. Both parties are negotiating in good faith at this point in time but I think sooner is better then later.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Research : On the share repurchase now that the stock is sitting here with a [for] handle in front of it, its quite accretive to go in there and I understand the credit markets arent great, but youre certainly not having a lot of trouble with accessing capital, how do we think about those two conflicting things as we go forward in the near-term, the stock down here and the markets in terms of your guidance of $5 billion a year of share repurchase?
Kurt Kuehn : This really has been an unprecedented time for turbulence in the debt markets especially and weve been fortunate in that weve really had as much access to commercial paper as we need and at very, very beneficial rates so the liquidity is there. On the other hand the long-term debt market still shows some very sizable spreads and ultimately our share repurchases will manifest themselves in the longer-term debt.  On the other hand as you say UPS stock is on sale today at a great price and certainly we intend to be buyers. The exact pace of it will depend on conditions both in the debt markets and the equity markets but we do intend to be in there buying stock.
Scott Davis : We love the stock obviously at this price and we like it to get up to a higher price, but I think Kurt said it right, the long-term debt markets need to stabilize. There has not been a lot of corporate debt issuance over the last two, three months. We need to see that stabilize. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Byde - HSBC Securities 
Robin Byde - HSBC Securities : On trading in European package, can you provide some color on current market conditions perhaps by country, are you still seeing volume growth at your Cologne and Tamworth UPS?
Kurt Kuehn : We have continued to see good growth in our intra European shipments. As we mentioned the products within, moving across borders within Europe grew at 10% so even with a somewhat stagnant European economy the network weve built has allowed us continue to gain share. Some of the individual domestic markets clearly are seeing some headwinds and the UK most notably and then certainly Germany which is one of our largest markets has slowed a little bit. But the export market within Europe especially the eastern part of Europe, Poland, and some of those is continuing to show great results.  And I might note also that at least in the third quarter we continued to see shipments from Asia to Europe move along very strong. One of the fun things about us having built this balanced network is it gives us a view into how some of these trade flows are moving and in some sense diversifies our international results to not be quite so dependent on any one area. 
Robin Byde - HSBC Securities : On the Shanghai hub opening in Q4, could you or would you want to delay this if Asian markets get a lot worse?
Kurt Kuehn : Absolutely not, that hub is a positive move for us. It improves our air network, allows us to improve our service and manage our costs better so were full speed ahead with that. 
Scott Davis : The developing economies are slowing down but theyre still growing at a nice pace and again China is supposed to grow at 9% next year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: I wanted to see if you could give a few comments on how we should think about 2009, I know thats probably tough to do in light of perhaps not even visibility to peak season in fourth quarter but you mentioned some significant cost initiatives, if you bear those in mind and assume we do have a recession for a couple of quarters, do you think margins are down substantially in 2009 and earnings are down substantially or are there enough additional levers that you can push on in terms of cost and whatever else that you could have some king of stability in margins and flattish earnings?
Scott Davis : As you look at the economy and again just, were not a leading indicator so we kind of go on consensus estimates. I think generally people are looking for the economy in the US to be negative probably in the third and fourth quarter of 2008, probably the first quarter of 2009, beyond that maybe stabilizing some but theres certainly risk into 2009.  When you get into a recession after a financial crisis, its usually more of a U shape then a V shape so it may be a little bit longer. But I think generally our best barometers again are industrial production, retail sales and industrial production probably negative throughout a good part of 2009. Retail sales will growth but probably less then inflation.  Saying all that I think we still feel pretty good about UPSs prospects for 2009. I think that the first quarter may be one of the tougher comps for us but I think for the rest of the year, I think we stack up pretty good versus 2008. Were fairly optimistic. Well get into more detail obviously in January on our next call. 
Kurt Kuehn : Were working hard to right size our network for 2009. We do have the toughest comps in the first quarter but the labor contract continues to take more effect as we move farther into that and were not gloomy on the US. We just think weve got a couple more quarters that weve got to manage and also were continuing to see decent momentum in our supply chain and freight arena. Weve still got a little bit of a bumpy ride we think for a couple of quarters but hopefully after that well be able to show some more positive results. 
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: On the pension side, in this market obviously downward pressure on assets and I think within the central states plan there is speculation about some risks that one of the big participants there eventually could have liquidity issues and that fund could get in a lot worse shape, can you tell us, is there any risk that you could get drawn back into that fund in the next couple of years, that it could deteriorate sufficiently or what are the protections that you dont somehow get drawn back into central states?
Scott Davis : I think somebody made a statement like that and that statement really was inaccurate. There is three year look-back on this fund but its only in case that theres a mass withdrawal of the 2500 employers in that fund which is extraordinarily unlikely for all 2500 companies to pull out of it. Even if a large company goes bankrupt, theyre not released of their contribution requirement until they liquidate and thats only one company out of 2500 companies.  We have about a little over two years left of that claw back look and its extraordinarily remote that we could ever get tied up in any problems they would have. Overall on the pension situation it is something that I think weve all got to watch and manage from the single employer plans, I think right now youre seeing that investment results are down but the discount rates are up which help offset it.  UPSs own plan, we were well over funded going into this year and I think were still even today 100% funded on it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Green - Morgan Stanley 
William Green - Morgan Stanley : Can you talk a bit about how the pricing discussions are going with customers, obviously the economy I would think would lead them to push back a bit on some of the list rate increases youve tried to put through. On the other hand one of your big competitors is struggling so much here that maybe youve had more success in that regard. How are those discussions going?
Kurt Kuehn : Challenging but stable. Clearly with the fuel surcharges at record highs there was increased pressure on our customers and on us to find ways to take their costs down and as I stated the fuel surcharge really became a part of overall price negotiation. Weve been working through that and trying to make sure we keep those two separate but there has been pressure. If anything with fuel coming down we anticipate a little firmer environment as we start to see the results of this $70 fuel kick in and the fuel surcharges get back down to more reasonable amounts.  The market is competitive, clearly DHL was a very aggressive pricer in the market and they are a bit distracted right now. But costs are up and thats why we did put in a solid rate increase for next year, at net 4 9 on the air and 5 9 on the ground and certainly we intend to negotiate and keep the majority of that. 
William Green - Morgan Stanley : With regard to the volume comments that you made can you talk a bit about where youre seeing the weakness, you mentioned the overnight envelope business but maybe in terms of B to C, has that slowed dramatically since the last time we spoke?
Kurt Kuehn : It has, it has seen the most sequential slowing. Having said that it is still moderately positive. But it was, weve seen double-digit growth in B to C for quite some time and clearly thats down to low single-digits now. On the B to B side there has been some deterioration, not as dramatic although it has continued to be negative. US imports as I mentioned is another area thats gotten very, very weak and US exports have been pretty strong although they did moderate to the mid single-digits this quarter although we continue to see just great gains in our international business across the world.  Right now at least the major change in the economy, the largest change seems to be on the consumer side.
William Green - Morgan Stanley : Last call you mentioned you were doing a strategic review of your network because of fuel prices, have you stopped that with them coming down, or if so what was the conclusion?
Kurt Kuehn : Thankfully oil 200 seems a little more distant at this point, but no, this is all part of our long-term strategy. We create scenarios and weve developed some insights around how the world would begin to change if fuel prices get back up to where they were and even higher and so it has us just evaluating opportunities, thinking about acquisitions, thinking about how our network would change.  In light of the fact that we are so far away from that right now it doesnt really make sense for me to get into any details, but this work will be ongoing so were ready if and when it bounces back up.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: In the past youve talked about the percent of expenses that are variable, semi variable to highlight how quickly you can react in a downturn, can you update us on where that stands and what I want to dig into is on the employee side, you dont really give employee numbers but just wondering is a reduction in employees part of this process and where do you stand today on your base?
Scott Davis : Clearly I think the numbers havent changed much, 50% of our costs are daily variable and then we say probably 30 to 40% are semi variable. When it comes to employees, weve reduced 3000 employees this year, in the last year and again it moves pretty closely with the package volume and nothing has changed as far as our ability to manage the business on a daily basis and react to what were seeing in the volume.
Kurt Kuehn : Right now theres certainly a big focus on the semi variable things. Some of the network issues, management overhead, some of those indirect costs. Meanwhile the operations people clearly are highly attuned to make sure that the direct labor is matched to volume also and weve had pretty good results on that. 
Scott Davis : Generally the semi variable as weve said before will take a couple of weeks to a few months to get implemented. Every quarter that goes by youll see more of those kick in.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: What is the total employee base now?
Kurt Kuehn : We have over 400,000 employees, around 300,000 in the US where most of the changes have been made. 
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: On capacity utilization was there, you talked about 7% international growth, export growth, did that rapidly decline toward the end of the quarter as well, you highlighted the domestic before, wondering what your international looks like and can you talk in that frame of reference what your capacity utilization of the aircraft is looking like.
Kurt Kuehn : No, the international did not see the dramatic decline in September that the domestic did. We did see a trending down moderately over the course of the quarter but no where near as volatile and part of thats why were still guiding to showing 5% growth in an environment where most of our competitors are flat or down.  We feel pretty good that the value proposition is still there. We are seeing some slowing. Were seeing trade flows move but at least so far weve been able to stay on top of that. 
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: And the capacity utilization?
Kurt Kuehn : I dont have any specific numbers to share with you. I will say one thing that were working very hard at and I think its part of how weve been able to manage, this deep integration of our freight portfolio with express freight with small package is allowing us really to build a load plan for every major country to country lane and be able to take advantage of our fixed capacity for our freight when we have excess. This whole freight alignment is a great benefit for customers because they can easily choose from deferred forwarding activities all the way up to express freight and its also very good for us operationally as we learn to operate simultaneously as both an airline and a forwarder. So those things are kicking in right now and helping to improve utilization. 
Scott Davis : The reduction in US imports, increase in exports have helped balance out some of those [loads] too. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Yagerman - Wachovia
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia: You mentioned the fuel 200 strategy and I was curious when we talking on the second quarter call and before that when you had announced in June or July that things were going to be worse then expected you said that shippers behavior had changed dramatically as fuel escalated towards peak and I was curious to what extent youve seen shippers behavior change back when it comes to consolidating loads or potentially moving down in terms of the margin product that theyre using with you, I wanted to get a sense of are you seeing those changes in shippers behavior or is the weak economy still pushing people towards the lower margin product, towards consolidating freight, has there been any shift thats notable?
Kurt Kuehn : I guess the behavior we saw most notably was really just the trade down behavior and we went back and have looked at a couple of economic slowdowns and most of the trade down behavior is typical in an economic slowdown. We think there has been some exaggeration of trade down especially into ground because of the high fuel prices. On the more strategic changes the redesign of your supply chain I think we said in Q2 there was a lot of discussion and interest in it, but weve not seen a lot of big changes by companies. Our guess is it may make a difference on the increment, if youre going to add another factory somewhere in the world, maybe you think about adding one closer to home. So Latin America maybe central and eastern Europe makes more sense then Asia but not a big shift and clearly with the volatility right now its awful hard to peg. It is an interesting time and one with our solutions people staying real busy to help customers try to navigate a good long-term course. 
Scott Davis : Some of the near sourcing issue, some was driven by energy, a lot of it was driven by inflation, perhaps in China, maybe changing labor laws, theres a variety of things that were driving manufacturers to evaluate those decisions. 
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia: FedEx announced domestic Mexican service in the quarter and I think Southeastern Freight Line just went down there on the LTL side and a bunch of other truck load and LTL carriers do some business in Mexico, can you talk about how youre positioned there and if you have seen any increased interest from customers in terms of cross border Mexican moves or setting up manufacturing and distribution in Mexico?
Kurt Kuehn : Weve clearly been in Mexico for quite some time with a domestic offering and so were pretty well positioned and were seeing some uptick. Probably more notable is the focus weve had really for the last four to five years on the whole North American trading block with a big focus on our trans border products and our trade direct which allows Mexican manufacturers to move stuff across the border in mass and then distribute it into our small package network. So those trans border products moving between the US, Canada and Mexico continue to be very robust. Trade flows move back and forth clearly with the Canadian dollar changing so dramatically we may see some changes but those continue to be more and more important and that North American trading block remains very strong. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus 
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus : When you first bought UPS freight there was a lot of talk about bundling the small package offering with the LTL service, can you just give us an update on where that is and if thats helping to mitigate some of the lower volumes youre seeing either on the ground package side or the LTL side?
Kurt Kuehn : Yes it is and weve kind of got a tale of two parts on this LTL industry right now. Clearly the environment is tough, growth is negative and pricing has gotten a little more intense so we have become a little less aggressive then perhaps our initial plans were so as not to be chasing volume in a tough environment.  On the flip side as weve brought our technology, our operating methods and our visibility services to customers theres been a tremendous adoption of them and being able to manage and process LTL shipments through our world ship shipping platform, be able to track them and get predictive information from our visibility systems is a huge value proposition so there is macro issues that are very tough but at the same time we are steadily imbedding our technology and our processes into that segment and over the long-term we feel very optimistic. Its just a tough market right now. 
Scott Davis : I think were extremely well positioned when we come out of this down draft were in today. Weve made a big investment, the LTL market will recover, not sure of who all the players will be when we get out of there but were going to be in a very good competitive position when we come out of this economy. 
Kurt Kuehn : One of the things thats happening and youre seeing it in the LTL is we have taken our world ship platform which for many years has been a small package domestic application, and at this point now we have upward of 600,000 installed users across the globe. So its an international application and in the last couple of years weve gone beyond package to include fully automated processing for LTL and deeply integrating airfreight. So weve really created we think a pretty unique technology platform thats global and multi model and we see a lot of excitement about that and were going to continue to press that. 
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus : Given the current environment and near-term negative outlook the 32 aircraft you have on order right now, is that still pretty much in the plans, going to go through or are you going to rethink how many aircraft you might need given the current volumes?
Kurt Kuehn : No at this point we have not made any announcements on changing that. Clearly with Boeing being distracted a little bit and production down, well have to see how their delivery schedules come. But thats a fairly modest amount spread over five years and over time we will be retiring our DC-8s also as the aging aircraft directives move forward. So its a natural replacement cycle, timing may move a little bit.
Scott Davis : And again the economy is troublesome today, well all looking, a lot of fear out there but there are positives out there. I think the lower energy price is going to help the consumer confidence as we move forward. I think the credit situation is beginning to improve. I think whenever the central banks can collaborate together, its a powerful tool. We havent had time yet to see the benefits of those lower interest rates, fiscal stimulus is out there. I know were all wrapped up in what were seeing today. We will get through this weak economy and get back to a normal economy. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Campbell - Thompson Davis
David Campbell - Thompson Davis: I just wanted to ask whether you had any fuel benefit in the international operations like the $90 million number you cited in domestic results.
Kurt Kuehn : Yes, there was a modest amount, its a fraction of what we saw in the domestic but its not significant in the international. 
David Campbell - Thompson Davis: Is that because its a smaller component of expenses or just what, there was less of a lag or what?
Kurt Kuehn : There is a wider array of different fuel surcharge schedules that arent as responsive to that, so we did have a tailwind, maybe a penny or so from the international side but it was not a large amount. 
David Campbell - Thompson Davis: You have a very big range in earnings in the fourth quarter, basically $0.82 to $1.02, what would it take to earn at the upper end of that range, obviously some maybe lower fuel prices and better volume, but $1.02 is still a possibility?
Scott Davis : I think that the fourth quarter is always the most difficult for us to forecast because so much of it is tied to the Christmas season and I think that that not knowing, you see forecasts out there that say retail sales are going to grow this Christmas season, but you see forecasters say its going to be the worst since 1991. So theres a lot of different thoughts out there so I think we need to be cautious as far as the outlook for the fourth quarter and again so much of it is driven by the Christmas season, two or three weeks before Christmas, so its difficult to forecast.
Kurt Kuehn : And we did say its likely that well be at the lower half of the range, although clearly theres opportunity and uncertainty in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets 
John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets : Can you talk about the European ground network, what youve done and what you can do to rationalize some costs there if volumes continue to decline?
Kurt Kuehn : Well so far they havent declined, theyre continuing to grow but we are being prudent on that. Its just good network planning within country its important because theres very much more economic sensitivity within our domestic products whereas the trans border we still have this secular growth story of the European economy. Were looking at how we adjust routes, we have air and ground collaborating and coordinating. Some of the skills weve learned after trying to do this for 100 years in the US serve us pretty well as weve done this in Europe. Theres still some good catalysts. Eastern Europe, central Europe continue to be showing good solid growth and the European economy continues to adapt. Were very focused on it, as in the US the air networks are less flexible then the ground networks so thats where we have to be the most diligent but in general we have similar structures that we do in the US.
Scott Davis : The European ground network is very similar to the US ground network where we have a high degree of variable costs to manage through a downturn.
John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets : Do you have an average share cost for the repurchases in Q3?
Kurt Kuehn : We spent about $800 million in the third quarter and bought about 13 million shares, so its $63.00.
John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets : The guidance obviously its effected by market conditions and what not, but the annual repurchase spend guidance was how much?
Kurt Kuehn : Our original target was to purchase $10 billion over the next couple of years and in the first half of the year weve been clicking right at that steady rate. We did pull back a bit although we still spent $800 million and were still committed to our repurchase program and on the other hand we dont want to be having to go out to the debt market right now where theres 400 and 500 basis points spread. We are leveraging commercial paper and well continue to buy and the speed will depend on how the credit markets look.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: On the fuel benefit and some of the different businesses do you have a number for the supply chain and freight?
Kurt Kuehn : No its not as significant there, theres a lot of flow through fuel surcharges on supply chain arena so its not as notable there. Clearly weve got to stay on top of it to make sure our surcharges match the rapidly changing environment but I dont have a number on that. 
Scott Davis : The lag is not nearly as important as it is on the package side.
Kurt Kuehn : Yes, the LTL is much more rapid and certainly its real time for a lot of the airfreight. 
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: Youve gone through a few of the different trade lanes and how things were Asia to Europe you said was still strong, intra Europe still strong, can you comment on intra Asia and then Asia to US, I know you said US imports were weak but if you could quantify those two lanes.
Kurt Kuehn : Intra Asia continued to be strong certainly above our average growth upper single-digits. US overall was as far as exports was mid single-digits. So the intra Asia we think is going to continue to have legs, thats why were investing in, breaking ground tomorrow on our intra Asia hub to help speed up that network and reduce its costs. Countries are trading with each other in Asia even as the US takes a break. 
Chris Ceraso  Credit Suisse: Asia to US?
Kurt Kuehn : Asia to US was down. All of the import markets were down mid single-digits.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark McVicar  Dresdner Kleinwort 
Mark McVicar  Dresdner Kleinwort : Some parts of the international freight markets not specific to yours, are reporting issues and concerns around the availability of letters of credit that obviously sit behind the glove of the international trade flows, are you seeing any of that or are you hearing any of that from your cross border customers?
Kurt Kuehn : Not as a huge issue, clearly Ive read some anecdotes about that. We do have some products that can help customers with very short-term transactions if theyre using our supply chain services, but in general that hasnt been a big issue yet. Its probably a bigger factor on some of the ocean shipments. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: One of the things I struggle with and believe me I struggle with a lot of things is we hear a lot of comments that people thing we start to see the beginning of a recovery kind of mid point of next year, second half of next year, can you kind of put your finger on what you think needs to happen or what you think will be the catalyst to get consumers spending again? If this thing drags on into 2010 or even farther then that, at what point at you kind of really restricted on working down the costs? Do the variable aspect of your business get reduced as the length of time of slowdown increases?
Scott Davis : I think as far as the economy I think theres a couple of positives, one is that energy prices have dropped dramatically. Two is I think were beginning to thaw the credit issue out, I think the central bank collaboration has been a big move and we have to get credit flowing again to get these economies recovering.  Now the negative of that is the employment side of it is still probably going to get worse before it gets better and thats going to hurt consumer confidence. Perhaps if we get credit reestablished the mortgage rates will drop a bit and that will help the housing problem. We need to get to the bottom of that. So I think there are a couple of bright lights and I think the energy and the credit is looking better. We need to get those healed up before we recover.  So we are optimistic that maybe the latter part of next year well see some recovery. Well continue to obviously manage our company very carefully. Were going to manage conservatively but still invest for the future. I guess the bottom line of this whole thing is the more pain there is out there and we dont want more pain, were going to be a survivor. Well come out of this thing in a great competitive position. Well keep that in mind. Well invest so that when we come out of this economy whether its six months, 12 months, 24 months were going to be positioned to gain market share and grow this business. 
Kurt Kuehn : Just three key points before we set down the call, first UPS turned in a good performance in the quarter despite the weakening global economic environment. Second UPS continues to have a very strong balance sheet and third we expect earnings per share for the year towards the lower end of the $3.50 to $3.70 range we provided midyear. Thanks for joining us today.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 08:45:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Investor Relations D. Scott Davis - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Kurt P. Kuehn - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Treasurer
Analysts: Jon A. Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird  Tom Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Research  William Green - Morgan Stanley  Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Justin Yagerman - Wachovia Analyst for Garrett Chase - Lehman Brothers  Robin Byde - HSBC Securities  John Larkin - Stifel Nicolaus  David Campbell - Thompson Davis Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets  Matthew Troy - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cheryl and I will be your conference facilitator today. We apologize for the technical difficulties. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relation second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, the floor is yours. 
Andy Dolny: Good morning, everybody and thanks for joining us today. Scott Davis, our CEO, and Kurt Kuehn, our CFO, are ready to provide insight into the companys second quarter results and our expectations going forward. Before I turn the program over to them, however, I want to review the Safe Harbor language.  Some of the comments well make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in detail in our 2007 Form 10-K and first quarter 2008 10-Q reports. These reports are available on the UPS investor relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This conference call is being webcast and will be available on our investor relations website for a few weeks.  In his remarks, Kurt will refer to UPS' cash flow, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Reconciliation is included with the news announcement this morning and is available on the UPS IR website.  Now Ill turn the program over to Scott. 
D. Scott Davis: Good morning. Its obvious to everyone in the business world that economic conditions in the U.S. continue to slow. Economists hold a bleaker outlook for the second half of this year and it was the case even three months ago. Soaring fuel prices, falling housing starts, increased unemployment, weaker consumer confidence -- all of this paints a picture of a faltering economy.  While GDP and industrial production may bottom out in the second half of this year, recovery is expected to be a slow, drawn-out process. Predictions are that it will be 2009 before improvement in the economy becomes apparent.  Deteriorating economic conditions and high fuel prices had a significant negative impact on our package business. Volumes in our premium products declined at a greater pace than in the first quarter and our costs increased. Were feeling the impact of higher energy costs throughout the company, not just at the fuel pump. This includes such items as purchased transportation and increased utility expense.  I assure you that we are pursuing a range of initiatives to address todays marketplace challenges and trends. Some of these will have short-term benefits, others will take longer. Kurt will provide details shortly.  Despite the difficult economic environment, UPS' focus is on long-term growth opportunities. Our investment to develop supply chain management capabilities, which is now paying dividends, is a good case in point. Going forward, the proposed contract with DHL is another such opportunity.  As a reminder, we are developing a 10-year agreement with DHL to provide air lift for their express, deferred, and international volume within the U.S., in between the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. Both sides are working diligently and making good progress towards concluding this agreement. This illustrates how UPS is looking outside the box to develop growth strategies that we might not have considered in the past.  Another great opportunity is China. We are the in-country sponsor of the upcoming Olympic Games in Beijing. Starting three years ago, UPS began working with the Beijing organizing committee to develop and manage logistics for the games. Were serving three Olympic villages, managing 35 game venues and four distribution centers, moving everything from kayaks to shotputs.  During peak operation, UPS will have 2,000 people and 138 vehicles on-site. This is a complex undertaking that demonstrates our broad, worldwide capabilities. Our goal is to be the leading global package delivery, freight, and logistics company in China. This sponsorship is an important step in strengthening our brand presence in this key market.  Despite economic pressures, our service levels are at all-time highs and I am proud of the effort and dedication of the UPSers I see every day. Often in our history, we have dealt with challenging economic issues. For example, in the 1930s, UPS expanded its service area from the West Coast to the East at the height of economic turmoil. And in the 70s, we started to develop our international business in spite of the oil prices. In many ways, tough economic times have provided a launching pad for innovation that led to years of growth.  Despite the current challenges, we intend to do the same thing today -- adapt our business to meet current conditions and position our company for long-term growth and success. Remember, although these downturns in the economy are painful, the strongest companies, like UPS, will come out in the best competitive position.  Now Ill turn the program over to Kurt for comments on the second quarter results and on our outlook for the rest of the year. 
Kurt P. Kuehn: Thanks, Scott and good morning, everyone. As we look at the second quarter, three major trends affected our global package business -- escalating fuel prices, volume declines, and a sharper reduction in the use of premium products, that last two being related to economic conditions.  Fuel had a significant impact in the quarter, increasing $470 million, or 67% over last year. Fuel price increases had ramifications beyond just the direct cost. They caused our indirect expenses to accelerate. Items such as purchase transportation, utilities, and the costs for outside service providers around the world.  Crude prices increased from $100 a barrel in early April to $140 by the end of June. This rapid increase during the quarter magnified the impact of our fuel surcharge lag. As you know, there is a two-month delay in the application of fuel surcharges to capture this increased expense. This factor alone accounted for over half of the profit decline in both the U.S. domestic and international package segments.  The 1.3% decline in total U.S. domestic volume was a larger shortfall than we had expected. All products posted declines, from 6% on next day air products to a little less than 1% on ground. This is a good news/bad news story. Due to the investments weve made in our broad product portfolio, we have retained customers and kept them in the portfolio. However, some of them shifted away from our premium products in an effort to control their own costs. These trends pressured our operating results.  The international segment performed significantly below our expectations because of volume, mix, and fuel price issues that I just discussed, and slowing economic conditions. Although export volume and revenue growth were robust, it should be noted that the 10% export growth was aided by the timing of Easter. Without this benefit, export volume would have increased around 8%. This is market leading growth.  Import volume into the U.S. from every region of the world declined, however, but strong intra-regional activity continued outside the U.S. The second quarter saw a rapidly changing business environment, with export volumes posting slower growth with each successive month of the quarter. The decline in the operating margin in this segment reflects those trends, although at almost 14% it remains the highest in the industry.  Costs in our international business are more fixed than in our domestic model, making it difficult to respond quickly to changing conditions. But we are executing initiatives to enhance profits in this business and expect to see benefits over the next few quarters.  If trade flows continue to change, we will adjust our network to ensure that it is properly aligned with volume and revenue growth patterns.  While adapting to the current environment, we are still investing to expand our global presence. During the quarter, we completed the network integration of Tamworth, our largest ground hub outside the United States. This will greatly improve efficiency in that region.  We also assumed full control of our joint venture operation in Korea, announced plans to move our intra-Asia air hub to Shenzhen from the Philippines to reduce transit times, and began flying five weekly flights between Nagoya, Japan and Shanghai to enhance customer service in Asia.  Most of the headwinds in our package business stem from economic slowdown and sky-rocketing fuel prices. As Scott mentioned, we have established short, medium, and long-term initiatives to identify actions and fundamental changes we can take to address the impacts of current economic realities.  Our short-term plans are focused on reducing costs for the rest of this year and next, while still supporting growth initiatives. For example, weve eliminated hiring in non-sales positions, cut back on relocations, and reduced travel, among other things. Were also focused on operational efficiencies, in addition to numerous fuel conservation activities.  In the medium term, the focus is on increasing revenue while refining our operating model to adapt to todays business climate. This includes a range of initiatives, such as first, developing new revenue growth activities and a focus on revenue management; second, ensuring our global network is appropriately aligned with changing customer demand; and third, leveraging technology to both increase revenue and improve our efficiency. These kinds of initiatives will take effect in the near future and throughout 2009.  Longer term planning broadly addresses the structure of our network as fuel prices continue their dramatic escalation. Were looking at three fundamental questions -- how will our customers and their business models change? How do we leverage our global integrated network to best serve our customers and their changing trade patterns? And what new growth opportunities exist? This is a comprehensive scenario planning effort. As such, it entails a longer term view of our company and our industry, from various what if perspectives. And it will take some time before conclusions are reached.  However, I want you to know that we are always actively managing the business to control our destiny and continue to lead the industry.  Now, turning to supply chain and freight, this segment again exceeded our expectations. Revenue increased almost 11%, with profits up over 50%, led by forwarding and logistics. The air freight relaunch introduced in January has attracted new customers and many existing customers have also increased their use of our expanded range of freight services. The logistics unit maintained its focus on profitable revenue growth and it has developed superior capabilities in healthcare and high tech, and has new facilities coming online in Puerto Rico, The Netherlands, and Canada.  In the freight business, LTO revenue was up over 7% as strong yields continued to reflect the value of our service offering. Shipments declined 2.3%, although results strengthened month over month throughout the quarter. In addition, all productivity measures improved and technology, specifically World Ship and Quantum View, is driving new customer wins and increasing repeat business.  During the quarter, UPS freight expanded its reliability guarantee to shipments moving in and out of Canada, an extension of the guarantee put in place for U.S. shipments in January. Its a clear signal to our customers of the confidence we have in the improvements made at UPS freight. The freight unit also enhanced time in transit on nearly 1,000 lanes.  No quarterly update would be complete without touching on the companys financial position. For the first six months of 2008, UPS generated approximately $5 billion in cash from operations, invested almost $1.4 billion in capital expenditures, and paid dividends of over $1.3 billion. We also spent $2.4 billion to repurchase almost 35 million UPS shares. The company remains on pace with our repurchase program and has over $7.5 billion remaining of the $10 billion repurchase authorization. Even with this financial activity, we ended the first half of the year with $1.7 billion of cash and short-term investments.  Through the end of the second quarter, free cash flow approached $3.4 billion. This includes approximately $1 billion in federal cash tax benefits related to the companys withdrawal from the Central States pension plan. Our CapEx budget at $3 billion for 2008 will be below 6% of our revenues. This is towards the low-end of our historical range.  Well continue to look for opportunities to cut or defer investment if we can, but well continue to invest for growth. The world port expansion, the Tamworth hub in England, and expansion plans in Asia are only some of the investments underway to meet anticipated needs down the road.  Now lets look to the future, and Ill address my remarks to the second half of 2008 in its entirety. Three months ago, we told you that we anticipated the domestic market would be flat to down 1% and that our volume would track market behavior. Current thinking is that the small package market will contract about 2% for the remainder of the year, as will our U.S. volumes, and well see a continued decline in premium product.  On the positive side, in August we will begin operating under the economics of the new labor contract, with its more moderate rate and hourly wage increases. This obviously will have a greater effect in the fourth quarter.  Domestic operating margins will remain below last year; however, they should improve over the first half of 08. The slow economic conditions that I mentioned earlier will cause our international segment to experience mid- to high-single-digit export volume growth with an operating margin in the mid-teens for the year. Remember, the third quarter is generally lighter in Europe due to a slow August.  And we expect the supply chain and freight segment to continue to show profit improvements over last year, with margins at or above 5%.  Given all these factors, and assuming business conditions remain reasonably steady, we expect results in the second half of this year to improve modestly over the first half, resulting in full year earnings per share within a range of $3.50 to $3.70. Comparisons to last year will be more difficult in the third quarter and moderate in the fourth.  In conclusion, Id like to remind you that UPS is no stranger to economic adversity. We have managed well through down cycles in the past and I am confident that we will do so again.  Now Scott and I would be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is coming from Jon Langenfeld of Robert Baird.
Jon A. Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird : Good morning. Can you just talk a little bit about the demand destruction, a little bit more on the demand destruction on the domestic express side? First off, it looks like the surcharge is probably going to go from 24% in the second quarter to 34% in the third quarter, so Im assuming theres more price elasticity you are going to bump up against here.  And then secondly, do you think historically, as customers have shifted away from express, is that a permanent shift or do they typically -- is there some element that comes back with better [accounting]? 
Kurt P. Kuehn: John, certainly thats been a topic thats had a lot of discussion lately. First off, this behavior is a typical cyclical process and in slow downs in the past, we have seen that our next day air products, and most premium products, are more economically sensitive. Frankly, when the economy is hot, theres more need to get goods urgently to their end destination. So its important to keep that I perspective, that theres a substantial amount of these current trends that are seasonal, or cyclical.  On the other hand, clearly with fuel hitting unprecedented levels and the surcharges being high, there is increased pressure and customers are looking for ways to cut cost, and so we are seeing some shifts in our products.  Our sense is that thats probably beginning to stabilize. Clearly if fuel takes another run and we have a $40 increase over the span of the quarter, like we did in Q2, you know, its very difficult to forecast. But we expect overall our surcharges to be up on the year about 8% this quarter, not quite as dramatic as you quoted. And our guidance clearly includes our outlook from continued declines in premium products. 
D. Scott Davis: Jon, we saw back in 2002 and 2003 that the express products were negative both years. Came back in 2004, next day grew 7% plus. Im not expecting 7% plus necessarily next year or two with the energy prices where they are but theres no reason to think they cant come back. 
Jon A. Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird : Okay, good. Good color. And then the follow-up question was on the international trend. Did you see similar trends on the heavy weight freight side in your supply chain business, as you commented on the parcel business?
Kurt P. Kuehn: A little bit, but not quite as dramatically, I guess. We have seen some recent numbers for May and June that suggests slowing. We had a good solid quarter. Clearly the freight coming into the U.S. has been anemic on the U.S. -- on our small package side. All regions of the world really were down as far as their shipments to the U.S. and we did see some slowing on the freight side, but weve got a lot of new offerings. The air freight portfolio has been pretty well-received and that may be helping to offset some of it. And we continue to see strong growth in our Asia to Europe lanes, even though theres been some external discussions of that slowing. 
Jon A. Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Tom Wadewitz of J.P. Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: Good morning. Lets see, the first question on the competitive environment, can you give us a sense of whether the base rates have gotten more challenging -- base rate increases have gotten more challenging to achieve, in light of how much fuel surcharge customers are paying, and just whether the competitive dynamics have gotten a little bit worse or if they are still pretty stable?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, certainly with the surcharges in the air as high as they are, the fuel surcharge has become a part of price negotiations in an increasing fashion, and so it is much more a part of those discussions than it was before. And as a result, it gets a little harder to isolate pure price taking versus real surcharge.  But in general, the markets healthy. Pricing is very rational. Clearly this is a business where youve got to cover your costs and grow -- the [loan] doesnt provide synergies if you are not in value.  You know, we are focused right now on making sure that we go through our customer base and that our rates and surcharges are appropriate. In some cases, there are caps on our fuel surcharge that seem pretty benign back a year ago that now are -- really dont fit the economics, so we do have some initiatives underway to recalibrate some of those and make sure that we find an appropriate balance of price for customers. 
Tom Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then the follow-up question, in terms of the margin performance, I know you highlighted fuel as being a pretty significant factor. I think you implied it would -- maybe $180 million operating income impact is the number I came up with, the way you characterized it. And Im wondering -- do you think margins will, year over year performance will be a lot better if we see fuel stabilize? Or is it really much more about the weakness in volumes and its kind of hard to see margin trends improve at all without the volumes really changing?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Really, this whole fuel phenomena, you really have to separate into two buckets, Tom. One is the absolute level of fuel and the other is the rate of change. In the second quarter, the most notable difference was this rapid increase from crude of $100 to $140 by the end of the quarter. Thats just unprecedented and that was the major impact that caused half of our operating profit declines in the package business. So the rapid increase is a short-term issue that as fuel prices stabilize, will cease being a headwind. And then if fuel prices drop significantly, well have a tailwind and finally recover the substantial amounts that weve had shortfalls on as fuel [inaudible].  The second issue is the absolute high level of fuel and that is one that will impact customer demand. Certainly its driving cost, both in our fuel line and, as I mentioned, a lot of other line items. And there the issue is A, our ability to recover that cost, and B, the impact of those fuel prices on the economy.  So the short-term issue, things would stabilize. We would have less drag on our earnings as fuel stabilizes, although it would sure be nice to see a little decline in that, the cost, to get some real boost on the margins. 
Tom Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you for the time. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Edward Wolfe of Wolfe Research.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Research : Lets assume that the overnight doesnt come back, not because of the economy but because of fuel, and so growth starts to be in other, less high-yielding products on a secular basis. What can you do in your network and at what point could you improve domestic margins, do you think, given that context that the rest of the business is going to grow and the overnight air is on a secular decline? And then maybe as a follow-up, what the DHL contract -- could you give an update on how that might play into the whole thing?
D. Scott Davis: Weve been looking for months, doing some scenario planning on what happens if oil is at $150, what happens if oil is at $200 a barrel -- how does that change the business? Not only domestic air, but international? If we see prolonged, very high oil, you may see trade lanes change. You may see more near sourcing in the future, people building the goods closer to the end consumer. So we certainly tried to look at a lot of scenario planning from that standpoint.  There will be some challenges. Obviously some of the distances shipped may be shortened as we go forward, but theres going to some opportunities out there. We think that theres a -- Ive talked to a lot of CEOs who have company-owned fleets and have courier services that frankly are going to have a lot of trouble with these energy levels. So we see new markets that we really dont participate in today opening up and the efficiency of the UPS network, we see an awful lot of revenue opportunities. And again, thats all about utilizing our network more efficiently, which should help margins in the future.  So I think there are some challenges for us but theres also some great opportunities to move ahead. 
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Research : But Im not talking about the revenue side. If you look at the cost side, can you get the costs to a position where the network can work with kind of a secular decline in air if other areas are growing? And then also on DHL, if you would. 
D. Scott Davis: I guess Ill answer that with the DHL question; clearly as we looked ahead, there is some risk to the domestic express market. As we look at the next four or five years, we dont know if its going to grow, be neutral, but clearly we lessened our risk with the DHL line haul contract. Its something that were -- not having completed the contract yet, the teams are working, making an awful lot of progress. We think thats going to -- the additional volume we get out of that will clearly make for more efficiency, better asset utilization of our air network -- not just the airplanes, but also the hubs for so many purposes. So thats one major step, I think, in the better utilization of our network and possibly helping the margins as we move forward. 
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Research : Whats the timing of when youll with that contract?
D. Scott Davis: Well, we said wed have it done before the end of the year. We would like to get it done as soon as possible and hopefully get some volume in the network late in 2008, and the goal is to have it totally implemented by the middle, latter part of 2009. 
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Research : Is that a push-back from what you had said earlier?
D. Scott Davis: No, same dates. I think the team is making great progress. I think we said all along that we hoped that wed have the contract done in 2008. The teams are working very hard to get it done as soon as possible. 
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Research : Thanks for the time. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from William Green of Morgan Stanley.
William Green - Morgan Stanley : Just to ask about the way you could maybe address some big network changes if the freight flows change, would you ever reconsider now maybe upping the DIM weights on the grounds from what youve currently got?
D. Scott Davis: Upping the DIM weight meaning taking larger packages?
William Green - Morgan Stanley : Meaning changing the -- basically making it as you charge for air, where its all DIM weight as opposed to actual weight. 
D. Scott Davis: Well, certainly we look at all options, Bill, but the on-the-ground, the cubic size is not as big a driver of total cost of the product as it is in air, so with our current DIM weight, we really look for the outsized packages that are over three cubic feet, and those are the ones that we make sure were charging appropriately. So its not something at this present time that we are evaluating but well continue to look at revenue management opportunities and clearly our basic strategy in our pricing is to make sure that we price appropriately to reflect costs, so thats always an option. 
William Green - Morgan Stanley : Okay, and then as you look at the changes that fuel is forcing on your customers, where is the weakness most pronounced? Is it sort of B2B that you are seeing it? Can you parse it out from the economy? Is it B2C? Wheres the big change?
Kurt P. Kuehn: I think proportionally its similar in both segments. B2C continues to have better performance than does B2B, but it is sequentially over the last three, four quarters, it has seen actually a greater slowing than the commercial side, so its -- thats the -- you know, the consumer clearly is in question right now and were watching those trends very carefully, both for our big retail companies that were delivering to and then the end consumer business. 
D. Scott Davis: Long-term, I think that if you think about B2C, it really is much more efficient to have UPS delivering a package to your host than it is for you to go to the mall and buy that package, so I think that even high energy prices will probably drive B2C business over the long-term and benefit the consumer. 
William Green - Morgan Stanley : Just lastly, whats your average domestic parcel [inaudible]?
Kurt P. Kuehn: I dont believe we disclose that distance. 
William Green - Morgan Stanley : All right. Thanks for your help. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. You talked about changes, or I guess the high fixed structure of the international. What kind of changes to that network do you envision that you can make to maybe make it more variable in nature?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Clearly thats an area of very high focus for us. We saw fairly substantial changes over the course of the quarter, and as you know, weve had an incredible run over the last five, six years on the international side, but we did see some slowing from April to May to June, frankly, that caught us a little off guard.  One of the core issues around international is the big worldwide services where we have the major flights going across the oceans. That is a more fixed cost, unless we choose to take a substantial step down in capacity. Frankly, if flows between the continents continue to slow, then we will be looking very critically at perhaps reducing temporarily some selected flights between the continents, and that assessment is underway right now, looking at how we can take some cost out.  We continue to see though very strong growth intra-region, and both Asia and Europe showed high-single-digit to low-double-digit shipments within the regions, and so in the short-term, we are seeing some of that regional trade flourish even as the worldwide trade is slowing.  So some of these things are recalibrating our network, some is perhaps taking out capacity. Also in the international, we dont have quite the same variable structure as we do in the U.S. on the ground. Labor laws and the nature of our employee contracts are different by country and some we actually pay monthly salaries to our employees, rather than the typical hourly rates that we use in the U.S., where we can adjust on a daily basis.  So its a large business with very many different moving parts, but were on high alert right now and all of the regions are looking at local plans and global plans, or how to stay ahead of the curve. 
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Great, and then you made another comment earlier, Kurt. You said that -- it actually was also in the release -- that you are going to seen an improvement in the second half of results and obviously your targets indicate that with your second half EPS targets. Im just wondering, is that kind of just mostly on the fuel catch-up, on the surcharge? And if so, what does the -- you know, you keep highlighting the move from $100 to $140. What does the move back down to $130, is that significant at all in helping with that catch-up and does that maybe even further enhance your second half target?
Kurt P. Kuehn: There are some company-specific issues, Ken, that we have been talking about and were confident will begin to provide us a little more of a tailwind, starting in the second quarter. Certainly the new labor agreement we have with the teamsters is one that we feel will be favorable to us, basically in any economic climate. The inflation of wages will moderate substantially. The increases are split into two tranches, one each sixth month, so our effective increase in August will be substantially less than it was in the previous year.  We had some more favorable language regarding eligibility for healthcare for our part-timers, still giving the best benefits in the industry for those part-timers that stay with us a year or more, but not necessarily giving eligibility after 60 days or 90 days.  So there are a number of specific issues there. Also, certainly the assumption we have is that fuel will stabilize, I guess. Were not counting on a precipitous decline, so at least that big headwind that frankly put us on our heels a bit in the second quarter will moderate.  And then weve got a lot of initiatives on the international to make sure we are reacting appropriately. And then last but certainly not least, were seeing great results in the supply chain in freight unit. The LTL environment does seem to be stabilizing a bit and clearly UPS freight should be able to benefit from that. 
D. Scott Davis: This outlook is really based on crude oil right around $140 a barrel, so if it goes up, that hurts us; if it goes down, that helps us some.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks so much for the time. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Justin Yagerman of Wachovia Capital.
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia : I guess my first question is related to the international side. I was curious -- you guys mentioned that you saw strength intra-regionally international. I was curious if you could quantify around whether or not you thought that was more market share growth and company-specific driven, or -- because weve begun to hear reports that Western Europe has slowed a little bit from some of the heavier industrial companies that have reported.  And then on the export growth side, you had mentioned in the release that you saw slowing throughout the quarter and I wanted to get some color on that; maybe you could detail the growth month by month in the second quarter. 
Kurt P. Kuehn: First off, Justin, on the market share gain, weve been gaining market share in the international segment for 10 years now and were pretty confident we continue to have a superior business model with the integrated network and the broad range of offerings in every geography. But we did see some of those trends that youve seen externally, and there was a significant slowing from April to May to June, really with June being the weaker, in most of the regions and so certainly Europe was a part of that. Europe had a strong April but partially because of the Easter distortion. But we have seen some slowing.  The nice thing about our portfolio though is that we are continuing to see this regional trade pattern in Europe moving forward and as fuel prices get high, our sense is that European companies are looking to Eastern Europe rather than the Far East perhaps a little more, and so that helps to offset things. 
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia : Okay, and I noticed in the freight division that the weight per shipment at LTL was down. Many of your competitors in their early kind of notes on the quarter have mentioned that they are seeing an opposite trend, and I was curious what youd attribute the lower weight per shipment to. Is that increased leveraging across the small package network and the freight networks, as you get more -- as the labor is more organized within the freight division? How are you guys viewing that trend within your freight business?
Kurt P. Kuehn: I wouldnt put too sharp a point on it. Its five pounds for a thousand-pound average shipment, so -- no, I think the good news is that the weight per shipment has stabilized and thats a good sign economically. And clearly our value proposition is working well and we are continuing to target medium-sized shippers and large shippers also. But I think the weight stabilizing is good news and the other companies are validating that also. What we are seeing great results on though is our continued success in our yield management and our revenue per hundred weight, so thats more of a priority for us than focusing solely on the weight per shipment. 
Justin Yagerman - Wachovia : Got it. All right, thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Garrett Chase of Lehman Brothers.
Analyst for Garrett Chase - Lehman Brothers : Good morning. This is actually Brandon [Oblanksy]. Not to belabor the point on international, but you guys had mentioned that you are looking at intra-region growth as continuing but global lanes are slowing a little bit more than anticipated. How should we think about the profitability impact of this going forward?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Certainly both flows have good margins but from an economic perspective, at least in the short-term, the worldwide flows have a much higher proportion of fixed costs. Volume was negative come into the U.S. from all regions but frankly, we werent able to take down any of those big jets coming in from those regions. So in the short-term, the ship is a headwind for us because there is less variable costs in those worldwide products. And on the flip side, on the regional, intra-regional, we do have more options. It is more variable and so it behaves more like a typical U.S. shipment would, where we can adjust pretty well and adapt.  So its the process of adaptation to these things and as those trends continue, it will mean we will have less lift going across oceans and more lift moving across the continent, and thats some of the long-term issues that Scott spoke to. 
D. Scott Davis: Well end up the year with still mid-teens margins international, which is obviously the best of any of the competitors. Not as high as wed like them to be but certainly solid margins. 
Analyst for Garrett Chase - Lehman Brothers : Okay, and if you do decide to take down some of this global and intercontinental capacity, is that going to place further pressure on the domestic network? Because Im sure that some of the export products are actually moving through the U.S. network, so does that place a little bit more pressure on the flexibility of the domestic network?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Were going to put up lift for any packages that want to come into the U.S. or anywhere else, so we will match capacity to demand. Were not going to truncate demand with capacity reductions. 
D. Scott Davis: What you end up doing if you took planes down internationally, youd probably move those to the U.S. and then retire older classic aircraft in this situation. 
Analyst for Garrett Chase - Lehman Brothers : Okay. Thanks a lot, gentlemen. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Robin Byde of HSBC.
Robin Byde - HSBC Securities : Good morning, everybody. Just two questions, if thats okay; on the European business, now that [inaudible], what are the next priorities in expanding the European network? And just [on the commission structure], you [wont see] [inaudible] in the market again as consolidation of the sector, so can you just update us on UPS' strategy on acquisitions? Thank you. 
D. Scott Davis: Our strategy in acquisitions has not changed, I think, than what weve talked about in the last couple of years. What Ive said in the past is clearly were not going to do anything domestically in the package business, but supply chain and freight, weve said we wanted to have a couple of years of good execution and improving margins. Were seeing that, were seeing some good progress there. The one area that wed be most interested in still is international package, areas that make sense and thats been the case for the last several years. Certainly Asia and Europe are areas that we are interested in, particularly Central and Eastern Europe. 
Robin Byde - HSBC Securities : Thank you. And just on Europe?
D. Scott Davis: Robin, your first question wasnt really clear. The connection wasnt really clear. Could you repeat it?
Robin Byde - HSBC Securities : Yes, sure, sorry about that. I was just asking you now that the [inaudible] integrated, what are your next priorities in expanding the European network? I guess from what you are saying, more expansion in Eastern Europe. 
D. Scott Davis: Right, yeah, sorry, I didnt pick up the Tamworth. The Tamworth is a very large ground hub that allows us to complete the operational integration of the acquisition we did of Link several years ago, and it was a big step and actually created somewhat of an operational challenge for us in the second half. But we now have the ability to have one inter-lined operation. Weve aligned the customer portfolio and so that really is the capstone on our U.K. acquisition and well be harvesting the benefits of that going forward.  Were continuing to benefit from the acquisition we did in Poland. Thats been a great one for us and strengthens our position and clearly we would like to continue to strengthen the Central and Eastern Europe theaters, certainly because of their increased focus on regional trade, so thats an area that we are investing in and we will certainly continue to do organic expansions with capacity. We expanded our Cologne airport just a year ago and well keep looking for organic opportunities and certainly selective operations. Acquisition is not off the table either, so a combined strategy of both organic growth, which has served us well in Europe, and then keeping eyes open for opportunities. 
Robin Byde - HSBC Securities : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from John Larkin of Stifel Nicolaus.
John Larkin - Stifel Nicolaus : Good morning, gentlemen. I just had a question on the two month delay in the fuel surcharge. Is there any kind of structural impediment that prevents you from tightening that down a little bit so that you are doing a better job of matching the surcharge with the actual underlying fuel price? And as a corollary to that, is there any kind of a delayed effect here because the big fuel prices really arent probably kicking in until right about now. Are you fearful that there could be an acceleration of the trade-down from premium products here during the months of say July and August?
D. Scott Davis: I think when we set up this index, I think we wanted to be fair to our customers, give them advance notice of what the rates would be. Were going through an unusual phenomena right now where oil has gone in one direction. It will not go up forever and when it comes down, well get equalized. So I think the right thing to do for our customers is to give them that 45-day notice of when the surcharges will be. 
Kurt P. Kuehn: And we continue to do some limited hedging activity, but frankly its not within the bounds of the kind of moves weve seen, so to minimize the volatility. 
John Larkin - Stifel Nicolaus : Just maybe one follow-on here regarding the international business; have you seen much of a trade-down from air to ocean, and if so, have you been able to capture some of the ocean movements through your forwarding operation? And if so, can you give us a sense for the relative profitability of that business?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, weve not seen huge shift. I mean, clearly were working with a lot of customers as we evaluate supply chains, and Scott referenced that too. But actually ocean seems to be struggling perhaps more. I know the recent data showed a 6% decline in ocean. Thats not company-specific but some external numbers into the U.S. So I think all modes right now are struggling and really the big message is the U.S. engine that drives the substantial amount of imports into the U.S. is slowing right now, and so all of the theaters are seeing some sequential headwinds. 
D. Scott Davis: I think we would expect more ocean freight growth with the fuel prices but the market data, youre not seeing it. Youre seeing negative -- certainly in June the market data showed negative growth. 
Kurt P. Kuehn: Within our air freight portfolio, we are seeing more rapid growth in the deferred and porting products as compared to the express freight, so that easy choice were giving customers to move from the guaranteed express service down to deferred forwarding, we are seeing that flex back and forth, so its just another example of our keep it in the portfolio strategy that weve been building towards. 
John Larkin - Stifel Nicolaus : Thank you. Thats great color. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Campbell of Thompson Davis.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis: Good morning, everyone. Some of your competitors have mentioned an improving price control, or have been improving revenue trends in June in the licensed truckload and trucking business. That is the capacity to improve pricing better than in previous months. Did you see the same thing and what does that tell you, if anything, about the economic growth?
Kurt P. Kuehn: I think we really have not seen the headwinds on pricing, David. Thats been one of the real positives with our new value proposition, with the guarantee we launched in January, with the deep integration to our World Ship application for generating freight shipments. Yield has not been a challenge for us. We feel pretty comfortable with our yields.  What we have seen though, I guess to support the market anecdotes, is a firming of demand and also a stabilizing of weight per shipment, which are both good leading indicators, we think. 
D. Scott Davis: David, looking at the economy, we think that the second quarter GDP is probably going to be the best GDP of the year, helped obviously by the rebate checks. I think that number will be a bigger number than most people expect. But as we move ahead throughout the year, we still -- [were not the] leading indicators but certainly what you read and what you see, we expect probably slightly positive growth in the economy but still anemic. Really the important barometer we follow is manufacturing IP. Manufacturing IP was negative in the first half of the year, slightly negative and expected to be slightly negative for the year. So its not going to get a lot worse but [it will get a lot better] for the rest of this year. 
David Campbell - Thompson Davis: And the decrease in export yields in the second quarter after increasing in the first quarter, can you explain that, please?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Well, export yields have been fairly steady, both on a pre-currency and a post-currency basis. Weve seen steady domestic increases and the overall export yields have been flat to slightly negative, and thats primarily mix issue that weve talked about for a number of quarters, with the trans-border services growing faster than the worldwide services. So trends are fairly stable there. 
David Campbell - Thompson Davis: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Most of my questions have been answered but Scott and Kurt, youve alluded to the fact that if things dont change and if say fuel is at these higher levels permanently, you are going to have to make structural changes. I know this is kind of a hypothetical, but do you have in your mind kind of a period of time that you look at to say if fuel is at this sustained level for say six months or a year, theres kind of an inflection point in time where you decide you have to make major structural changes to the network?
D. Scott Davis: I think, Art, this is a long-term phenomena. I think its an evolutionary process and weve done a lot of scenario planning on this topic and I think its something that if companies decide they want to start building goods closer to the end consumer, its going to happen over many, many years. It wont happen overnight. Its a big shift for businesses, so you may see a slow movement to near sourcing but it wont happen very quickly. 
Kurt P. Kuehn: And we dont want to put too much emphasis on it. I mean, its prudent for us to stay in the future and think about the trends. We thought it was appropriate to share some of our thinking to let you know that we are long-term players in this industry and we are going to stay ahead of the curve. But as Scott said, these are evolutionary issues and we dont expect any rapid changes, even if fuel stays high. 
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan Keegan: Okay. Thank you. Thats very, very helpful. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from John [Mins] of BB&T Capital Markets.
John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets : Good morning. Im standing in for John Barnes. Looking at CapEx going forward, if these current conditions persist, could you all reach a point where you put some of the larger CapEx projects on hold?
Kurt P. Kuehn: We continue to evaluate CapEx in an ongoing fashion and frankly we tightened it up prior to giving our guidance for 2008, so we will be right at $3 billion, which is below our 6% of revenue threshold that is typical. But weve got a couple of major investments right now that are full speed ahead. Were expanding our World Port hub. That will continue to pay dividends that allows us to optimize the air network, it allows us to sort faster and fly slower, which saves air fuel, fuel for our aircraft. And should our contract with DHL be completed, having that extra sort capacity in World Port is absolutely essential.  So domestically, there are investments we are making and those will wrap up in the next year, year-and-a-half or so that well continue. And then globally, certainly well adjust air fees appropriately but we are continuing to build capacity. China is a very busy place for us right now. Scott gave you an extended tour of all of the Olympics activities but behind the scene also is a substantial amount of increase in our geographic coverage, browning up the country, if you would, and building an infrastructure there.  So a lot of work going on. We do have a lot of control over CapEx. We had some committed aircraft in the future but its a modest amount and frankly as 2012 comes around and some of the aging aircraft directives come in, it will be a natural transition for us to replace our DC8s with 767s. So we feel real good about where were at from a CapEx perspective and well be reacting, but not -- we dont feel that its going to hamper our capabilities at all. 
D. Scott Davis: Well continue to make the right decisions for the long-term for this company but rest easy that we are vigilant about invested capital, we are focused on economic profits, so well only do CapEx when it makes an awful lot of sense for the company. 
John Mins - BB&T Capital Markets : I appreciate the time. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Matthew Troy of Citigroup.
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: Thanks. [inaudible] an earlier question, I was wondering, the economic assumptions underlying your outlook -- I understand the value of your network visibility is a coincidental economic indicator and some forward-looking capability, given delivery stocking and sell-through of what you are actually moving through your customers. But looking at the dashboard of your outlook, you mentioned IP. What are the other key metrics you evaluate in determining your broader outlook? To what extent does -- 
D. Scott Davis: Certainly IP is probably the best barometer but clearly retail sales I think combined with IP are the two that well look at closest as we move forward. And again, the outlook that we see as we move through the rest of 2008 is the retail sales got a bump in the second quarter with the rebates. They will moderate. They are still growing below inflation levels at this point in time. Manufacturing IP is going to be flat to slightly negative, so we really are -- our economic assumptions for the rest of this year are just real slight growth in the U.S. economy.  
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: What extent does that economic outlook incorporate customer dialog? And really, what is the visibility youve got? Is it two months, is it three months out? Im just trying to get a good sense of how we should weight your economic read relative to some commentary were hearing at some other industries. 
D. Scott Davis: Well, the macroeconomic really comes from consensus estimates out there but we talk to our customers all the time and get a feel for where their business is going, particularly as we head into peak season. We have to plan our peak season months and months in advance, so we talk to an awful lot of our shippers and get an idea of what they see as inventory stocking levels. So its a combination of the macroeconomic data available and certainly talking to our customers. And I think the feedback we are getting from our customers today is somewhat consistent with our macroeconomic outlook -- its going to be anemic growth; growth, but anemic growth. 
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: A follow-up question; in times like this in the service-based industry, customers often lean on their suppliers, if not on price than for greater value or more service. Are you seeing -- you talked about the trade-down from premium thats occurred, in addition to some lower traffic levels. Are customers asking you to do more for them, whether to commit your assets as rolling warehouses or put your balance sheet to work on their behalf? Is there something that you see at the margin that customers are asking you to do that might have been different than 12 months ago? Thanks. 
D. Scott Davis: Yeah, theyre asking us to do more for them but I think what it is is they want us to help them adapt. And so although there is certainly cost pressures, weve got a number of just great anecdotes where were working with companies to realign their distribution as the balance of transportation cost and distribution expenses changed. So its a very busy time for our customer solutions group, working with customers to partner and help them figure out how to manage. And in some cases, we cannibalize revenue and in other cases, we grow revenue substantially by broadening the relationship.  So its a very busy time but frankly an exciting one for our sales and solutions people. 
Matthew Troy - Citigroup: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Tom Wadewitz of J.P. Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: I just have one follow-up question; I know that its a ways out from 2009 but if you look at the prior downturn, Scott, I think you had talked about air volumes being down a bit either in 01/02 or 02/03, and it seems like you dont necessarily get a quick recovery the second year after, or the first year after a downturn. Is it reasonable to think that margins could be up in 09 if volumes are kind of flat to slightly up, given the teamster contract, given DHL? Or do you really need to see more meaningful volume growth in 2009 to get margins moving in the right directions?
D. Scott Davis: We think with not a lot of growth, were still going to see a better 2009 than 2008. Were optimistic about the outlook. Weve done a lot of good things with the company, including the contract, which will benefit us, including the potential DHL contract, which we hope to have signed here soon. Thats going to help us in 2009.  We feel good about the outlook. We think that the business is solid in all areas. Comparisons obviously get a little easier after 2008, so were obviously optimistic about 09 at this point in time.  Clearly growth helps us. If we see the volume grow, it lowers our effective weight rate increases and thats also helpful. Right now, were seeing certainly the effective weight rate increases, you know, [similar] to the contract increases through the July 31st period. Now into August, that will be less painful, as the rate goes down, as the rate increase goes down.  But I think that we can show improving margins. Weve had a lot of volume growth, certainly volume growth would help us in effective [inaudible]. 
Tom Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your final question is coming from Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Research.
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Research : Just a follow-up to the question I asked before on the timing of the DHL contract; when you had announced it and DHL announced it, you talked about $1 billion of potential annual revenue. I was under the impression that was for 2009. Is that still the thought process?
D. Scott Davis: Well, the discussion, you know, with the contract still being negotiated and [its been sent] on their levels of business as we [get into it], so were not -- until we really sign the contract, we cant really determine that number clearly but we were looking at full year, first full year would be 2010, I guess. Well have it fully implemented, we hope, by the second half of 2009, so the first full year will be 2010 and were talking about those type of levels 
Kurt P. Kuehn: Ed, we said wed be at a full burn rate during -- after the ramp up in 09 but we did not suggest it was the full revenue for 09. 
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Research : Okay, and so the first full peak season when you would be doing this would be 09 though?
Kurt P. Kuehn: Yeah, thats correct. 
Edward M. Wolfe - Wolfe Research : Okay, thanks, guys. 
D. Scott Davis: I guess Ill leave you with two points; first, we expect full-year earnings per share to be within a range of $3.50 to $3.70; and then second, while adapting to the current environment, we are still investing to expand our global presence, ensuring we maintain our leadership role in the industry. Thanks for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays UPS investor relations second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - Vice President Investor Relations Scott Davis  CEO Kurt Kuehn  CFO
Analysts: Garrett Chase  Lehman Brothers Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird & Company Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan Ed Wolfe  Wolfe Research John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch William Green  Morgan Stanley David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Company Robin Byde  HSBC Donald Broughton  Avondale Partners
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Andy Dolny: Good morning everyone thanks for joining us today. In a moment, Scott Davis our CEO and Kurt Kuehn our CFO will discuss first quarter results and expectations going forward. Before they begin, however Ill briefly review the safe harbor language. Some of the comments well make today are forward looking statements that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties which are described in detail in our 2007 Form 10-K report. This report is available on the UPS Investor Relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Todays call is being webcast and will also be available on our Investor Relations website. Before I turn the program over to Scott and Kurt I want to point out that there were two charges in last years first quarter that reduced operating profit in pre-tax income. The first was an aircraft impairment change of $221 million. The second was a $68 million charge related to the special voluntary separation opportunity. The after tax impact of these charges was $184 million or $0.18 per share resulting in earnings per share of $0.78 a year ago.  Without these charges adjusted earnings per share would have been $0.96. This is the amount to which Kurt will compared current results in his remarks today. The impacts from these adjustments are explained in the schedules that accompanied our earnings news release this morning. The schedules are also available on the UPS IR website in the financial section. They reconcile non-GAAP to comparable GAAP measures. To begin our review of the quarter Ill turn the program over to Scott for opening comments.
Scott Davis: Good morning everyone. UPS first quarter results illustrate the dramatic slowing in the US economy. At our investor conference on March 12th we told you that volume growth in January had been up 3%. In the six weeks prior to the conference it had been negative. We also said if these trends persisted through March we would not achieve the earnings guidance we had provided for the quarter. Those trends did continue. In fact, many indicators are pointing to a contraction in the US economy and that become sharply more negative in the last two months. For example, GDP in industrial forecasts for both this year and next have been revised down significantly. Manufacturing and service sector indices are contracting, nominal retail sales are growing slower than inflation and consumer confidence is at its lowest point in more than 15 years. The great unknowns are the severity and the duration of the current economic slow down. Many of our customers have tightened their belts resulting in a shift away from our premium air products to ground shipments. Our broad service portfolio provides customers the flexibility to select the most appropriate level of service and manage their costs. In these tough economic times we remain focused on enhancing profitability. We intend to maintain our outstanding service levels, remain disciplined with respect to pricing, control costs with an emphasis on semi-variable and capitalize on growth opportunities as they become available. Before turning the program over to Kurt let me reiterate that I am still focused on the three goals that I shared with you at the investor conference.  Lead the company effectively in executing our strategy and growing the business. Create a better global balance for our enterprise with a steadily increasing proportion of profitability generated outside the US.  Sharpen our focus on economic profit, return on invested capital and long shareholder value. The challenges of todays business environment underscore how critically important these goals are. With that Ill turn the program over to Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn: Good morning everyone. Lets begin our segment review with the US Domestic Package operations. While revenue increased nearly 2.5% package volume was slightly negative. Next day and deferred air experienced volume declines of 3.8% and 2.9% respectively. Ground volume however did increase slightly. These results reflected a noticeable trade down in service levels from express to saver, saver to deferred, and deferred to ground, as customers worked hard to reduce their costs. Trade down was evident across all customer sectors but was most prevalent in retail. This is a tell tale sign of progressively worsening economic environment. In addition, the timing of Easter had a negative impact on average daily volume. US Domestic revenue per piece growth was 3% or more for all service levels so clearly pricing remained rational. Fuel costs rose substantially in the quarter even though this additional expense is passed along to our customers there is a two month delay between when we incur the expense and when it is reflected in the fuel surcharge. Therefore, with constantly rising fuel costs weve been playing catch up.  The combination of lower volumes, trade down within the product portfolio and higher fuel costs all put pressure on Domestic operating profit. As Scott mentioned we have put an action plan in place to address the impact of economic slowing on our US business. We will: Use the expansiveness of our service portfolio to help our customers navigate through these challenging times. Exercise discipline with respect to investment supporting only those projects that are essential. Remain diligent in managing variable and semi-variable costs. With regard to the last point, we have a number of initiatives in place. We are restricting hiring except in the sales arena. We are stopping all non-critical projects and limiting discretionary spending including business travel, relocations and consulting services. The objective is to run the business as tightly as we possibly can while not reducing expenditures in areas that will provide future growth. Now lets move on to the International segment. If youll recall three months ago we told you that we expected the first quarter would be the most difficult one of the year for our International operations. Export volume growth was 7.8% using US days which is how we typically report international volume. However, since Easter occurred in the first quarter there were two fewer operating days in many European countries. From the perspective of local operating days Europe, Asia, and the US all posted double digit volume increases with overall export volume up 10%. The decline in International Domestic volume was also impacted by the timing of Easter. Adjusting for this, volume growth would have been up 1.5% for the quarter. However, our Canadian Domestic business was weak due to that countries slowing economic environment. All in all, International revenues increased almost 16% driven by export volume growth and favorable currency trends. Revenue per piece adjusted to reflect the impact of currency increased 4.4%. Operating profits however declined 4.3% as a result of the reduced number of operating days, the cost impact of our latest around the world flight and higher than expected fuel expense. We fully expect the performance of this business segment to return to more normal results in the second quarter. For the year we are confident we can achieve a 10% increase in export volume and low to mid teens operating profit growth. We will continue investing in International expansion and new products and services that help customers better meet their global shipping needs. For example, in China we are proceeding with plans to initiate air service between Shanghai and Nagoya next month in conjunction with expanding our presence at Pudong International Airport at Shanghai. Weve added express morning deliver to five new countries and are adding over a thousand morning postal codes in existing express locations. Weve also made expedited service available in nine Middle Eastern countries. As you know, UPS raised the bar when we rolled out paperless invoice and return service for International shippers in January. These services have been extremely well received and were expecting great things from these industry leading offerings. Now for the Supply Chain and Freight segment. This segment posted a substantial profit improvement, more than doubling on a nearly 11% revenue increase. Forwarding and Logistics drove most of the positive performance in the segment, with revenue up almost 13%. We are very pleased with the positive reactions to the streamlined UPS Airfreight portfolio that we launched in January and customers are responding very well to this enhanced product offering. In addition, service levels in Forwarding are at an all time high and weve seen a significant reduction in turn rates compared with previous years. In the Logistics units both distribution and post sales performed well, controlled growth and revenue management are driving consistent profit gains. UPS Freight results slowed in the quarter in reaction to the economy. Although LTL revenue increased 4% both shipments and weight per shipment declined. Such declines are typical in a soft economic environment. Revenue per 100 weight increased over 13% helped by fuel, customer mix and a general rate increase that went into effect in February this year versus late March last year. We remain discipline in the face of a more competitive pricing environment. Going forward we intend to expand market share while maintaining a balance between growth and yield improvement. UPS Freight has developed one of the best value propositions in the industry through a combination of improved service levels and superior technology all backed up by a no fee guarantee. We anticipate this business will pick up momentum as the economy stabilizes. Now I want to review our use of cash in the quarter starting with share repurchases. We have accelerated our share repurchase activity in line with the $10 billion that the Board authorized in January supporting our new financial policy. In the quarter we purchased over 17 million shares for about $1.25 billion. At this pace we are on track to complete the repurchases by the end of 2009. In February our Board raised the quarterly dividend 7% to $0.45 per share. Dividends per share have more than doubled in the last five years and in the first quarter we paid $893 million in dividends. The payout ratio has gradually increased to about 40% in 2007 and the UPS dividend yield was approximately 2.5%. We also spent $661 million in capital expenditures and closed the quarter with $1.5 billion in cash and investments. Free cash flow for the quarter was $1.6 billion; this amount excludes the $850 million received as a Federal tax refund related to the Central states pension plan withdrawal. Turning now to our outlook for the second quarter and the rest of the year. At this point we see no immediate signs of economic improvement. In addition, most forecasters are not predicting economic recovery until 2009. In that scenario we expect the US Small Package market to be flat to down 1% this year with the third quarter being the weakest. UPS volumes should follow a similar pattern which means Domestic margins will be under pressure for the rest of the year. On the International front cross border trade remains robust despite pockets of economic slowing. Therefore we are confident that we can maintain our goals for the year of 10% growth in export volume with low to mid teens operating profit growth. We believe this is possible because of our well balanced global presence and extensive portfolio. For the Supply Chain and Freight segment we are reconfirming our guidance of an operating margin in the 4% to 5% range even with the slowness in the LTL market. Taking all this into consideration we anticipate earnings per share for the second quarter to be within a range of $0.97 to $1.04. We are also revising our annual earnings guidance to a range of $3.90 to $4.20 per share. This range reflects the significant uncertainty that currently exists in the economic environment. Managing a tight ship through these stormy seas will take both vigilance and dedicated effort. UPSers have shown in the past that we can rise to the challenge and were confident that we can do so again. Scott and I will now be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Garrett Chase of Lehman Brothers.
Garrett Chase  Lehman Brothers: I wanted to ask, you had sized the impact of fewer operating days in Europe but I think at about $50 million similar to what you were looking at in the Domestic business.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, about that in total for the Easter impact.
Garrett Chase  Lehman Brothers: We do get those back so thats part of the double digit growth, I assume, we get a three day good guy in the second quarter and then I think an additional two days through the remainder of the year, thats part of the op profit growth youre forecasting, right?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, and thats part of the reason we communicated those numbers in local days also to show that the momentum is continuing steadily there, well recover most of that in the second quarter and we remain confident that over the course of the year we will be able to deliver the numbers that weve said.
Garrett Chase  Lehman Brothers: Given the day changes and Ive heard your commentary on it, what Im curious about is does the 12% to 15% goal for International, does that suggest that were not going to see a slow down in that arena or is that consistent with a decoupling where the brunt of recession is felt here in the US and not beyond?
Kurt Kuehn: Were seeing certainly changing trade flows and US imports are slowing but at the same time US exports are increasing. Asia to the US is perhaps not as robust as it was but Asia to Europe remains robust. There are clearly moving pieces to the puzzle and part of why our strategy has been to build a comprehensive balanced network so that we can catch the ball whichever direction its going.
Scott Davis: In Europe, even though there has been some weakening of the economy our transporter products there are staying strong. We see no declines there whatsoever.
Garrett Chase  Lehman Brothers: You think theres some offset here to the potential weakness, is that fair?
Scott Davis: Absolutely, US export will help offset the slower imports into the US from Asia.
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly if theres a global economic slowing were not immune to that but its a matter of one theatre changing a little bit and the other picking it up then we feel pretty good.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Langenfeld of Robert W. Baird & Company.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird & Company: You talked about the initiative in place to manage the semi-variable costs, can you give us some idea what the progression of that looks like? If we go back to the early 2000s when you did that it took a quarter or two to kick in but then when it did kick in you were able to recover quite a bit in terms of lessening the downside of profit year over year. Could you talk a little bit about how long it takes to manage some of those things through?
Kurt Kuehn: We try to aggressively manage variable costs really on a daily basis. Adjusting our dispatch, the hours our people work and realigning the network and certainly the more persistent the slowdown is the better we get it back. Then on the semi-variable side it does take us a quarter or two and its a broad range of issues. One thing we have done this year is we did reduce the number of operating locations within the US, our districts, leveraging technology to increase our peoples span of control a bit. Weve done some traditional work with constraining relocations and minimizing travel. Those things kick in over time and its not an immediate reaction but weve done this a few times and were pretty confident that we can right size the expenses.
Scott Davis: The other benefit we have this year is the labor contract on the operating side, it kicks in, in August. Well start seeing the benefits from this new contract in August which will add to help with the non-operating savings.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird & Company: Is there any reason to think that at least at this point that the down turn and how you manage the down turn domestically is any different than how you did in early 2000? I know fuel is different here but Id be interested in your thoughts.
Scott Davis: I think the wild card if fuel. The down turn were in right now, none of us know where were going to end up. My own opinion is well probably end up being slightly positive or slightly negative from the economy for the year. Were predicting slightly negative in Domestic volume for the year. Its pretty similar to what we saw in 2001. In 2001 and 2002 we saw negative next day air volume growth both those years snap back in 2003 to 7% growth so I dont see any difference about this one other than the energy costs which is still a wildcard for all of us.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Tom Wadewitz of JP Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: I wanted to ask a little more about what youve got in the guidance. If you look at the first quarter earnings decline off about 9% and then you compare that to, I think on a continuing basis if you take the mid-point of your full year guidance its off about 1.5%. Do you have any improvement in volumes later in the year baked in or is the improvement thats implied in this purely the cost side action and maybe if you could give some comments on that?
Kurt Kuehn: We have clearly ramped down the view for the remainder of the year. Were expecting basically kind of a steady state but sluggish view which seems to be the increasing consensus with most economists not looking for significant a recover until 09. A significant amount of the improvement is the cost adjustments were making. As Scott mentioned the benefits of the new labor contract begin to kick in. There is a view that industrial production will bottom out in Q3 clearly thats a big driver of our volume. There may be a little bit of bump up in Q4 based on the economic statistics were looking at. This isnt a hockey stick forecast.
Scott Davis: The other wildcard is we talked about International. International is going to get better for the rest of the year. We had penalize with Easter this year well see International turn around and get back to normal growth trends which obviously will help the overall company results. Supply Chain and Freight should continue to show improvement as we move through the year. 
Kurt Kuehn: Fuel remains a wildcard, it continues to break through to unprecedented levels and as I said were playing catch up so therell be a little bit of volatility with that. Thats kind of where we sit.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: On the cost side you talked a little bit about it in response some of the earlier questions but can you give us any further thoughts on the magnitude of some of the bigger cost savings initiatives. Is it $100 million that you are looking at from some of the items you talked about or is there room for a lot more than that when you look at your cost reduction activities?
Scott Davis: Weve got plenty of opportunities we think. Its a big base of expense. Were not really ready to hang a specific number out at this point but there are a lot of activities and well remain constructurally dissatisfied until we do the best we can.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Research.
Ed Wolfe  Wolfe Research: As follow ups to questions that have been asked a couple times, the cost savings target when we compare this to what you did in 02 does it feel like its a tighter clamp down or does it feel similar or is it just different? On the International side I wasnt clear; you said theres $50 million from the two days, does that include Domestic and International or just at International?
Scott Davis: Thats both Domestic and International, although International fuels the impact more than the Domestic side did.
Ed Wolfe  Wolfe Research: Even if you gave them the full $50 million at International you would have had 7% EBIT growth and you are projecting 12% to 13% kind including that 7%. Whats so exciting in International besides those two days, why are you so confident in that? The last thing that I would throw at you is interest expense occurred at $134 million with a lot of moving parts can you comment give or take what we should be modeling for that going forward?
Kurt Kuehn: Maybe Ill start off with the International. Certainly the Easter impact was a material one. Weve got a couple other headwinds that we see mitigating. Number one the around the world flight begins to cycle over in the second quarter. That flights moving along well but it certainly has added a cost base thats substantial. The continued chasing the fuel on its way up has also created a headwind. Some of those things we think we can manage pretty well and we do remain quite confident.  We know this is a big swing Q1 to the rest of the year. We did have a similar condition like this several years ago and I think we had the same case that market was concerned about our performance in Q1 but the calendar showed that it was just a transitory issue. On the interest expense clearly weve increased our debt with the issuance we did the second week in January with $4 billion increased debt levels. Those are levels we would expect going forward and thats all part of the recapitalization plan we are doing with repurchasing shares and we did mention that we repurchased 17 million shares in the quarter. Thats a natural outgrowth of that.
Scott Davis: The cost cutting environment doesnt seem that dissimilar to what we saw in 2001 and 2002.
Kurt Kuehn: We do feel that the margins in the Domestic also will be improving over the course of this year for Q1 forward. Youll see the impact of some of those things over time.
Operator: Your next question is coming from John Barnes of BB&T Capital Markets.
John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets: Following up on your comments on some of the cost base of these new growth initiatives like the around the world flight. At what juncture do you get concerned enough about the economy kind of lingering at this pace that some of those growth initiatives you may have to pull back on? Would you consider pulling back on the number of the around the world flights you are doing and trying to shrink the cost base that way or do you view growth initiatives like that as too important and its just something youre going to have to deal with in the near term?
Kurt Kuehn: When it comes to International growth initiatives we see no reason to pull back. We feel like were doing great. We feel like we built a superior value proposition. We raised the bar as I said with several new to industry capabilities with paperless invoice, international returns. Theres a whole bunch of stuff that keeps the momentum going. A little bit of a headwind for a few quarters with added capacity is a good investment for us. On the Domestic side clearly with our size the economy is going to impact us and thats where were going to be the most cautious.
John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets: You made the comment about significantly ramping up the share repurchase activity and that type of thing. Can you give us order of magnitude what you are talking about in terms of a significant ramp up. Do you have a dollar amount in mind that youre committed to spending every year or have you shortened the duration of the buy back in order to complete it much earlier than originally anticipated?
Kurt Kuehn: We purchased about 17 million shares in the first quarter about $1.25 billion which puts us right on target to complete the repurchase by the end of 09. Thats fairly steady state, we reserve the right to speed up or slow that down based on either market conditions or other factors but were on target and well keep you posted.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Ken Hoekster of Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch: Can you clarify when you talk about cutting out some of these expenses are you looking to reduce capital expenses in any way. I guess youve still got a $3 billion target out there.
Kurt Kuehn: Yes we do, certainly capital is a critical part of running the business and we remain very focused as Scott mentioned on returns to capital. We already did give the capital budget a bit of haircut prior to our $3 billion guidance but we will continue to really scrutinize that. Most of the aircraft we have are committed and also the ones well be taking primarily the 747-400s which are primarily for International capacity, that will continue. Another large expense we have for 2008 that wont be mitigated is the expansion of the Worldport hub thats expanding capacity there, thats another great lynch pin in our global capabilities. Then also the opening of the Shanghai hub which will allow us to have more frequencies and more access in China. We mentioned that were linking Shanghai to Norita in Japan also. A lot of the CapEx right now is focused internationally.  On the Domestic side certainly there are a number of capacity expansions. Additional vehicles that we will scrutinize very carefully and those were more flexible with. Well keep moving along to the extent we think we will. We do go back and revisit all projects. We are doing, I guess what you might call value engineering in our IT looking at projects and rather than perhaps totally canceling them, challenging the users to go back and strip out the 20% of the project maybe that adds the least amount of value. Its across company, its something weve done a few times through a few cycles and well remain diligent.
Scott Davis: In total were still going to be below the 6% of revenue which is low compared to the historical spend. Keep it below 6%. Also, we improved our return on invested capital in the quarter despite the anemic earnings.
Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch: If I can get my follow up on the currency exchange, I just want to understand this a bit, maybe a pure pricing if you can on the export side which I think your printed number was about a 7.5% yield increase. If I look at your currency adjusted page it might have been about .3%. Is that with fuel surcharges and if we strip that out can you give us a look at that and then a minor technical question I hope its not a follow up question but you keep talking about these two Easter days are you also adjusting somehow for the fact that you got the bonus Leap Year day, is it actually three days or is it two day impact.
Kurt Kuehn: Its two day impact, thats just total days to total days working days.
Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch: Shouldnt it be one if you get the extra day for Leap Year in there?
Kurt Kuehn: Not if you add up calendar. Its the way it works. Its total days in the quarter we did see a couple less and thats why we gave numbers both with or without those days. We grew 7.8% in exports including the total quarter but if you look at it using the proper working days in each of the major regions then we show 10% in each of those regions.
Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch: Got it, so its a working day.
Kurt Kuehn: Fuel is in the yield numbers although certainly in the P&L its a drag. The trends were seeing in our yields internationally we feel pretty good about. The overall average for export did show just modest increases and that continues to be the factor we talked to a few times which is a little bit of a mix issues where were seeing the fastest growth in our transporter products that move within continents and that has certainly a lower revenue per piece.  Each of the products on their own are doing quite well and just like in the US where customers mix up and down, move through premium to standards were also doing the same thing across the world to help customers optimize. We feel very comfortable, were managing that and we expect margins to continue to look great in the International theatre.
Operator: Your next question is coming from William Green of Morgan Stanley.
William Green  Morgan Stanley: Just one quick question, you mentioned the retail weakness, how are BC volumes in the quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: Still positive but certainly slower than they have been over the last couple of years. The consumers definitely feeling it and both our direct to retail business volume and our direct B to C is showing the impact. Its a tough environment out there right now and were doing a lot of specific work with the big retailers and finding ways to manage the businesses. Hopefully the rebate checks on the taxes will give consumers a little bit of extra spending money and should provide a boost if it works right.
William Green  Morgan Stanley: Domestic volumes in the first few weeks of this quarter, theyre down I assume following similar trends as the end of the first quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, its a little wacky because of the Easter impact. Just as we had a headwind with Easter being early and in the first quarter were seeing some comps that are easier in April. In general we dont see any real trend changes right now.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Ross of Stifel Nicolaus. 
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus: A question first on the ground side, weve seen a shift from the premium product down to the ground, tough economic times but I also know that youve taken a lot steps in your Ground product to reduce transit times and increasing liability of the ground shipment. What percentage of your packages in the Ground network in the US you said delivered next day, what percent would be two day deliveries and what percent are three day?
Kurt Kuehn: I dont have the exact percentages handy but clearly the majority of volume moves within a one to three day configuration. For competitive reasons weve in the past not disclosed the details there.
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus: A follow up, the repairs and maintenance expense line item declined year over year on an absolute basis, is this due to fewer vehicles in the fleet, a newer fleet, fewer miles, something else going on there?
Kurt Kuehn: No, its part of effective cost management. We do have a little bit of a benefit because were overlapping the first quarter in which we still had some repairs on the 727s that we retired. Theres a little bit of a comp benefit there. I wouldnt expect that to continue to decline, its just there was a little bit of a boost in Q1 from that.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Campbell of Thompson, Davis & Company.
David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Company:   I just wanted to ask about the International picture and particularly the Asia/Pacific region. It seems to be significantly better growth there in March in the industry than there was in January and February some attribute it to the China weather and loss of traffic in January and February from that situation. There also seems to be a fairly big pick up in imports from Asia/Pacific and the United States in March. Im wondering if first if you had seen that and two is that one of the reasons why youre more optimistic about the second quarter International results.
Kurt Kuehn: It has been a little bit of a bumpy ride in Q1 and certainly the unprecedented weather in Asia did delay some capacity or some goods coming to market. If you factor that out and you also have the Chinese New Year that bucks around. We dont see that as a change in trends, we see those more as just short term distortions. Were seeing actually more strength in the China and Asia to Europe arena where their currency remains strong and the Asia to US is steady and strong but its not really driving he show right now.
Scott Davis: I think it will take the US economy to strengthen to really get back to the robust growth rates we saw the last several years. As Kurt said, Asia to Europe and Intra-Asia both have been quite strong.
Kurt Kuehn: We are seeing a great pick up also with our new freight portfolio thats allowing us to help customers no matter which direction they are moving the goods. Pretty seamlessly pick the level of service and the lanes that they need, so thats coming in handy for us as things shift a little bit.
David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Company: The air freight forwarding business seems to be significantly better than small package business particularly in the Asia/Pacific region, is that true and of course youre attributing it to individual initiatives in your case but in the industry it seems to be better do you have any explanation for that?
Scott Davis: I think were doing very well in both the package and the heavy freight side out of Asia still. Were not disappointed with Asia results, theyve been strong. Maybe were not growing at 40% to 50% out of China like we were but were still growing at very high rates, still double digit export package growth rates out of Asia. As Kurt said, I think of the freight forward and heavy freight side I think our new offering has helped our business grow dramatically in the last quarter.
Kurt Kuehn: One of the most notable things in the quarter was the substantial enhancement improvement in the Supply Chain and Freight segment. Were pretty excited that weve found the sweet spot and our strategy is starting to execute with this new portfolio with the alignment organizationally across the world, the integration of our management teams, and the visibility in the technology linkages. We saw a great result in the Supply Chain and Freight on both the top line and the bottom line so its a firm market out there but we also feel like were making some headway.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Robin Byde of HSBC.
Robin Byde  HSBC: Just a question on pricing in Domestic and International package, with the slowing trading environment is the company starting to likely to start to compete on price and what did you see on pricing back in 2001 and 2002?
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly we are very sensitive to the pricing environment and to the behavior that can happen in weak economic times. Probably the most notable area with pricing pressures is the LTL arena. I think youve seen a number of carriers talk about that. We were pretty fortunate in sticking to our guns and start to leverage the value proposition so we showed a substantial improvement in yields in the first quarter although that certainly was helped by the earlier rate increase that overlapped in the first quarter. Were going to strike a balance on the LTL side of continuing to grow share but also improvements on the pricing side.  On the Package side the market continues to be rational. One thing we have seen in the air especially that has impacted the yields a little bit is that the average weight of our packages is reduced. In next day air its down 5% to 6% as theres less widgets per box. That is mitigated the yield increases a bit and also we see some trade down from our AM service to our PM service and from the next day to deferred. These are all natural reactions and actually this is where we can help customers if we work through this. In general we seem to feel that both Domestic and International the pricing market is rational, I think all the players in this industry are seeing significant cost pressures and high variable costs of fuel. Were going to be disciplined and we expect the market will.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Donald Broughton of Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton  Avondale Partners: I heard you at the beginning say how focused you were on cost control as demands slows. With the softness in Domestic Package and in Domestic Freight have you furloughed or laid off any workers and if not how weak and for how long would that weakness have to last before you would begin to chip away at what is your largest line item.
Kurt Kuehn: On a daily basis we do adjust the number of employees in our operations and the hours they work so certainly we have some of the more junior employees that are perhaps just working a couple of days a week if demand is there. We are adjusting the hours on those people also. From the overhead perspective, as I mentioned we have done some realignment to reduce the non-op costs in the field with realigning some of our districts and regions. That reassigns people or we arent replacing them as some of our UPSers retire or move on. Were being very careful on that side. Also, across the globe, as we mentioned weve done a fairly significant alignment of our freight, our distribution and our package management structure thats beginning to show some real synergies. Over the longer term another big priority that were working on as the dust settles with the new expanded capabilities weve got is beginning to drive all of the non-operating process into a major shared services environment to really get the economies to scale and to line our global processes. Theres short term, theres medium term and theres long term activities.
Donald Broughton  Avondale Partners: I guess this is more of a philosophical question, I was going back to the releases and company presentations you made during the last economic slow down and what struck me was how much you pointed to the flexibility of your model, the non-cyclicality of your ability to produce results and indeed, for the most part turned out to be the case. Now the economy is slowing and it is directly hurting your ability to produce results so whats changed, is it you, is there something structurally about the company thats changed, is the competitive environment or is this a different slow down than we saw in the 2000, 2001 timeframe.
Scott Davis: I think one of the things that changed is energy prices. Energy prices keep cranking up and that put pressure on us in the first quarter that we didnt see in 2001. Clearly the Easter comparison hurt us a little bit Domestically and Internationally in the quarter. Some of its calendar, some of its energy, some of its a little bit of a surprise in how fast the volume declined in February. You saw us at the March conference we were growing in volume pretty nicely in December and January and it fell off pretty quickly. Particularly in the semi-variable area its harder to react quickly when volume falls that quickly.
Kurt Kuehn: If you go back to 01 and 02 during tough times we show some margin compression and I think if you look at our guidance for this year were going to continue to execute. There will be some margin compression but its certainly not highly volatile.
Operator: We have a follow up question from Garrett Chase of Lehman Brothers.
Garrett Chase  Lehman Brothers: A quick one on Supply Chain, in response to a question a little while ago you were describing how that was really starting to hit on all cylinders and at least as I look at it the first quarter was a very good performance feels like almost acceleration despite the tough environment. If memory serves youve not really changed the outlook for the full year. Im just wondering if you had any additional color on what might be behind that, is that conservatism or is there something there that youre more concerned about?
Kurt Kuehn: I guess if theres anything were concerned about it would be the LTL environment. Its a tough sector right now. Were very excited about the company specific story with the no fee guarantee, weve integrated LTL into world ship to give shippers ability to move seamlessly between package and freight. Long term were very bullish about the LTL but certainly in the near term its a tough market. That is embedded in that Supply Chain and Freight segment and we remain cautious there. We feel pretty good that were starting to hit on all cylinders in the forwarding and logistics arena and its been a long path with a lot of investment and hard work. Were starting to see great response from our customers.
Operator:
 :  
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: My follow up is on fuel. Youve obviously talked about this quite a bit on the call. I didnt catch any kind of a quantification of year over year impact to fuel on earnings in the first quarter. Is it in broad terms are we talking a $0.01 or $0.02 or was it more like a $0.05 or $0.06 a share impact when you consider fuel surcharge and increase in expense year over year.
Kurt Kuehn: Probably $0.02 to $0.03, although if you take a little more expansive view if you add in toxic surcharges and utilities and some of those other things you can get to a pretty big number. Theres both the direct fuel, theres things like purchase transportation which youll see is up substantially, and thats largely driven by fuel. Its clearly a headwind and at least $0.02 to $0.03 as far as our calculation and could be more if you take a little more aggressive view of the indirect impact.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: If you look at the impact on yields, I know it would be different for Ground and Air but if you count on each of those how much do you think fuel surcharge booted yields year over year in lets say Air Express overall and in Ground Package?
Kurt Kuehn: The Ground impact is more mitigated a couple percent. On the Air there is a lot of moving parts, we are seeing it impact in a benefit from the surcharge, somewhat offset by the 5% to 6% reduction in weight which directly drives revenues and some of the trade down factors. Certainly as fuel gets to these high levels and the surcharges reach 20% and more it is very large factor and to some extent has become a part of the negotiation process so it is an area our customers worry about, we are concerned about and were trying to find the best way we can to help them deal with that.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: In terms of the Ground youre saying something like two percentage points impact on yield something like that?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes.
Operator: We have time for one question is a follow up from David Ross of Stifel Nicolaus.
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to follow up on UPS Freight; you talked about the soft LTL market while a significant decline in shipments but heavy yield improvement. Can you talk about a little where the pricing pressure is; are you actively just calling accounts that are asking for price reductions, just a little more color on whats going on there?
Kurt Kuehn: Some of it is just our customer mix is changing a little bit also. Clearly the ease of use and the value proposition we have put out there is very compelling for small and mid size customers. Being able to use the same world ship environment that theyve used for years to process transactions and with the flick of the wrist manage their LTL in the same environment is a pretty good arrangement. As customer mix shifts and the middle market grows faster than some of the larger accounts there is a benefit on average yield. Were trying to find a balance on this. Were certainly working with our customers to reduce their costs and were not actively calling customers at all but at least for now we showed some great results and were going to continue on the yield side. Although clearly wed love to show better growth so were going to continue to manage that. We feel confident in the long term but there is a lot of noise in the industry right now and we dont want to get too caught up in it.
Operator: I would like to turn the floor over back to your host Mr. Andy Dolny for any closing remarks.
Andy Dolny: Just to summarize, we expect second quarter earnings per share within a range of $0.97 to $1.04. For the full year earnings per share are expected to be within the range of $3.90 to $4.20. We intend to watch our cross diligently while continuing to invest in the business to capitalize on global growth opportunities. Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to seeing you soon.
Operator: This concludes todays UPS Investor Relations First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Andy Dolny - Vice President, Investor Relations Scott Davis  CEO Kurt Kuehn - CFO 
Analysts: Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird & Company Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan Edward Wolfe  Bear, Stearns & Company William Green  Morgan Stanley Scott Flower  Independent Research Jason Siedl  Credit Suisse Garrett Chase  Lehman Brothers Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Company
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Andy Dolny: Good morning everybody and thanks for joining us today. In a moment Scott Davis our CEO and Kurt Kuehn our CFO will discuss fourth quarter and full year results and comment on our expectations going forward. Before we proceed Id like you to mark March 12th in your calendars, on that date we will host an investor conference in New York with some of our senior management team. In addition to Scott and Kurt we will have David Abney our Chief Operating Officer and Alan Gershenhorn, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales & Marketing. More details will be forthcoming and were looking forward to seeing you there. Now Ill review the safe harbor language. Some of the comments well make today are forward looking statement that address our expectations for the future performance or results of operations of the company. These anticipated results are subject to risks and uncertainties which are described in detail in our 2006 Form 10-K and 2007 10-Q Reports. These reports are available on the UPS Investor relations website or from the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additionally this conference call is being webcast and will also be available on our Investor Relations Website. Before I turn the call over to Scott I want to comment on our Financial Statements. As you know a component of our recent labor agreement with the Teamsters, UPSs withdrawal from the Central States Pension plans, as a result following ratification of the contract on December 26th we paid $6.1 billion before taxes to that plan. The entire payment was expensed to the US Package segment in the quarter. A new jointly trustee plan has been established that preserves pensions and restores benefits that were previously reduced for employees in the Central States Plan.  Despite the cost of restoring benefits the new plan will be cost effective. Resolving this issue brings stability to our pension planning and is expected to minimize our future expenses. On a stand alone basis withdrawing from the Central States Plan is positive from a net present value perspective. The Labor Agreement addresses all the issues we identified as significant when negotiations began. It does so with cost implications to UPS very similar to the 2002 contract including the payment to withdraw from the Central States Pension Plan. It gives us the flexibilities we need to remain competitive in the marketplace. There is a presentation on our Investor Relations website that provides more detail about this contract.  When Scott and Kurt discuss fourth quarter results today they are referring to results from operations excluding the impact of the charge to withdraw from the Central States Plan. Reference to full year results also excludes the impact of this charge and these other adjustments made in previous quarters. An impairment charge of $221 million on the accelerated retirement of certain aircraft, a $68 million charge for the special voluntary separation opportunity offered to come corporate employees and a $46 million charge related to the restructuring and disposal of a French operation in the Supply Chain & Freight segment. A reconciliation of GAAP adjusted results can be found with the schedules accompanying our announcement this morning, as well as on the Investor Relations website. Now its my pleasure to turn the program over to Scott.
Scott Davis: Good morning everyone, 2007 was a good year for UPS; in fact, the company posted record results in terms of revenue, operating profit and EPS, despite sluggish economic conditions in the US. This is due to the strong performance of our International Small Package operations as well as excellent contributions from the Supply Chain & Freight units. Both segments produced healthy profit gains. In the US profits did decline but overall we operated well in an economic environment which worsened as the year progressed. Our operations team raised service levels to new highs and continued our focus on cost control. Now lets take a look at what we said 2007 would bring and how we actually performed. We expected the Global Small Package market to expand moderately, thats what happened. With international strength offsetting slow growth in the US, we targeted a 15% operating margin in our Domestic Package segment and it came in at 15.4%. We said World Trade should remain strong, supporting a robust International Small Package market, we expected a 10% increase in export volume and thats what happened.  Our International Small Package operations performed well with profit increasing to $1.9 billion. Operating margin came in at 18.5% just slightly below our guidance at the beginning of 2007. These are still results to be proud about. We anticipated that the Supply Chain & Freight segment would turn the corner on profitability with performance picking up in the second half of the year. This is what happened with performance improving sooner in the year than anticipated. This segment saw profit leap $330 million in 2007. While we targeted a 2% to 3% operating margin we actually achieved almost 4%. For 2007 we came within the middle of the earnings range we had set a year ago, achieving 8% growth or earnings of $4.17 per share. Im pleased to say that once again we did what we said wed do. Id like to thank UPSs around the world for their efforts in a difficult environment. In addition, we celebrated the companys 100th anniversary, reached an early labor contract with the Teamsters and developed a new financial policy to enhance shareholder value. All in all 2007 was a busy year in which we laid the groundwork for future success. Looking forward UPS has always invested for long term growth and 2008 will be no different. Granted economic uncertainty will probably make 2008 more challenging than last year; however UPS has a long history of growth in many different economic environments. Building on a foundation already in place we will continue to expand our global presence. These investments will take the form of new products and services, technological innovations and infrastructure expansion. For example, earlier this month we simplified our International and North American air freight shipping portfolios. As a result we created a unique global supply chain offering. On the technology front the 2008 release of World Ship offers the ability within a single application to process small package, air and ground freight shipments. This capability combined with a new reliability guarantee for UPS freight and improved service in technology are attracting new freight customers from virtually all of our major competitors. On the International front we just introduced two new industry leading products; our paperless invoice and international returns. We will continue investing in growth opportunities around the world including service enhancements, new or expanded air hubs and expansion in China where we are strengthening our presence through sponsorship of the Beijing Olympics. We remain bullish about the long term dynamics driving our industry. Globalization, direct to consumer shipping, just in time inventory, outsource and supply chain management. These trends are firmly in place in all play to the strengths of UPS. Now for comments on segment performance for the fourth quarter and insight into our 2008 expectations Ill turn the program over to Kurt.
Kurt Kuehn: Good morning everyone. Before I begin Id like to say that Im looking forward to working with all of you in my new role at UPS. Both those of you that I worked with when I was part of the Investor Relations group in the past and those that I havent had a chance to meet yet.  For the fourth quarter diluted earnings per share were $1.13 up 8.7%. A healthy 6.1% revenue gain combined with a moderate 3.4% increase in compensation and benefit expense and good semi-variable cost control all helped to offset the substantial rise in fuel costs during the quarter. Results in the quarter also benefited from a lower effective tax rate of 33.8% compared to 35.4% for the year. Lets now begin our review with the Domestic Package operation. Overall volume increased 1.4% in line with expectations. Ground was up 1.5% and Next Day Air improved 2.2%. Pricing remained firm with revenue per piece up 2.3%. Deferred and Ground revenue per piece grew around 3% each. Next Day Air was flat as once again we saw strong growth in our Saver products and a greater percentage of lower weight packages during the holiday season. Effective planning, execution and cost control helped offset some of the impact of rapidly rising fuel costs and wage rate increases resulting in a 14.5% operating margin for the quarter and 15.4% for the full year. Each year our peak shipping period become more compressed than in the past. In the seven days prior to Christmas we saw volume increase dramatically, however in contrast the first couple of weeks of December were significantly below plan. This lighter volume challenged our ability to efficiently use the additional assets and people we deploy each year to handle holiday shipping. Operations functioned very smoothly in spite of the challenge that winter months often bring. Our integrated network provided great flexibility, we used our Ground network to many of our express packages and we operated a full global air network on the Sunday before Christmas, to provide our customers with outstanding service. The bottom line in December all of our customer service metrics improved over prior year results. Turning now to the International Package segment, daily export volume increased over 12% with double digit improvements in Asia, Europe and the US. Revenue was up over 17% with a 19.4% operating margin. Pricing remained firm with revenue per piece adjusted for currency increasing 4%. Profit was somewhat impacted by fuel prices that increased rapidly during the quarter and the around the world flight that was launched in July. In the quarter we continued investing to extend our International presence, we expanded our reach in India through an alliance with AFL, this relationship will promote UPSs International Express Delivery Service to AFLs customers and function as a domestic service provider across India. Turning now to the Supply Chain & Freight segment, revenue increased almost 8% and operating profit was $82 million resulting in an operating margin for the quarter of 3.7%. Forwarding and Logistics revenue increased 6.4%, service reliability improved across all products and customer churn continued to decline. UPS Freight posted another good quarter; LTL revenue increased nearly 13% with daily shipments up 7.8%.  Since this is well beyond industry growth UPS Freight clearly continued to take market share. Investments in operational technology have helped move the needle on performance improvement and better operating performance and continued investments in customer [inaudible] technology are clearly attracting new business. For example, Quantum View Manage continued to bring in new customers for both Freight and Small Package Shipping. In short, we are very pleased with the progress this segment has made in 2007. Next I want to comment on UPSs financial position at year end. Strong cash generation is a defining characteristic of the company. UPS continued to generate exceptional cash flow from operations, $1.1 billion for the year even with the impact of the one time payment of $6.1 billion to the Central States Pension Plan. In early January we issued long term debt of $4 billion to finance the withdrawal from the Central States Plan. We were very pleased that debt issue was substantially oversubscribed even in an unsettled debt market. This attests to the companys reputation and financial strength. Our capital expenditures for 2007 totaled $2.8 billion just 5.7% of revenue. We paid $1.7 billion in dividends and spent $2.6 billion to repurchase 35.9 million shares, clearly UPS continues to be financially strong. Before addressing our outlook Id like to make a few comments on our new financial policy that UPS adopted in early January. Going forward we will manage our balance sheet to a target ratio of 50% to 60% funds from operations to total debt. At December 31st that ratio was approximately 75%; we anticipate moving to the range over the next two years. As part of this financial policy in January our directors authorized an immediate increase in the amount of funds available for stock repurchases to $10 billion. We expect to complete those share repurchases over the next 24 months. Weve spent a great deal of time studying various scenarios for leveraging our balance sheet. We believe UPS has taken the right actions at the right time to ensure that we enhance share owner value over the long term. By lowering our cost of capital while still maintaining a great deal of financial flexibility. Now for our outlook on 2008, forecasters are predicting US economic growth this year will expand at a slower rate than in 2007. The same holds true for industrial production and global GDP plus there are concerns that consumer spending may decline due to high energy costs and the slow housing market. That being said we still anticipate growing our global business through improving our customer supply chains. The first quarter will be the most difficult one of the year. Because Easter falls in March we will have two less operating days in Europe and two lighter than normal days in the US. This will create a drag on volume growth in both Domestic and International operations which will reduce profitability in the quarter. In addition, we will have cost pressure from increased interest payments. Without yet realizing the full benefits of the new labor contract, as a result earnings for the quarter should be in the range of $0.94 to $0.98.  For the full year US Domestic performance should accelerate in the second half of 2008 as benefits from the new labor contract begin to materialize. Domestic volume should grow 1% to 2% for the year and we anticipate that operating margin will be approximately 15% as we remain highly focused on execution. In the second quarter our International business should recoup the volume shortfall from Easter. For the year we anticipate about a 10% increase in export volume growing faster than the overall market and operating profit growth in the low to mid teens. We expect the Supply Chain & Freight segment to post improved results; operating margin should come in between 4% and 5% for the year as we focus on profitable growth. For 2008 our capital expenditure budget is projected to be $3 billion, at the low end of our historical range and our tax rate should approximate 36%. For the full year we expect earnings per share to be in the range of $4.30 to $4.50, this guidance includes the $0.09 to $0.10 per share head wind that we disclosed in December. If you recall this represents the additional interest expense from financing the Central States withdrawal payment, partially offset by reduced pension expense. This range also assumes that we will make $5 billion of share repurchases over the course of the year. The timing of the repurchases will depend on market conditions. To summarize, 2008 will be a year of both challenges and opportunities for the company, we will invest for long term growth and remain focused on execution and cost control as we were last year, ensuring that UPS continues to deliver regardless of the economic environment. Thank you for your attention and now wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Jon Langenfeld from Robert W. Baird & Company.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird & Company: When you think about the benefits of the Teamster contract and that layering in late 08 early 09 are you going to show the benefits of that or does that give you opportunities to reinvest in the business? I guess what Im wondering is we kind of go back to the package flow analogy a couple of years ago where you had a lot of benefits from that but you used that to kind of invest in the business. Im wondering how much of the benefits of that Teamster contract youll actually show as they materialize?
Kurt Kuehn: I think that will depend somewhat on market conditions but clearly we are excited about this new contract. We made a very large investment with the Central States buyout but we do expect to see benefits from that investment becomes cost neutral in 09 and then begins to get benefits. In addition, theres a range of really positive attributes and flexibilities that we think will allow us to both reduce costs and continue to operate competitively. Its hard at this point for us to bake in exactly what the future may hold in that but we do feel very good about the structure of it. It certainly is baked into this years guidance, although frankly its a headwind this year that should begin to mitigate and then actually be a tail wind starting in 2010.
Scott Davis: I think that clearly the compensation benefits as time goes on will show less increase than weve seen in the past and obviously should benefit earnings in the years ahead.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird & Company: Im not looking for a specific numbers but I guess Im expecting out of this contract, given that weve had this big lump sum payment Im expecting that the benefits that might come out of that both directly from the pension and then from the flexibility on the work rules. Im expecting that manifest itself in better margins over time in Domestic, am I thinking about that correctly?
Scott Davis: Certainly if we operate well theres a lot of opportunity for that. The overall cost of this contract is very similar to what we did in 02 even with that large payment included. Theres a lot of opportunities and it will clearly allow us to be competitive.
Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird & Company: On the International side the pressure on the margins Im assuming a lot of that had to do with fuel, same with the Domestic side but how come we are talking about fuel now when over the last couple of years weve seen some pretty big spikes in fuel and you guys have digested that pretty efficiently?
Kurt Kuehn: The absolute amount of fuel weve seen before but I think Q4 was almost unprecedented in the rate of increase, thats really where our exposure is with fuel. Over time the surcharges calibrate and even out but it was a pretty dramatic increase in that Q4 and we did see fuel up over 30% so it was very hard for us to recover that in the short term and it did provide us with a head wind that dampened the margin a little bit on International.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tom Wadewitz from JP Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: I wanted to see if you could give a little bit further perspective on the fuel impact in terms of you said it was probably a greater impact in International margin but was that half of the margin deterioration or how big was that impact? In terms of Domestic margin impact any thoughts for just the magnitude of that?
Kurt Kuehn: We generated a 19.4% operating margin in Q4 which is still very strong. We did have an exceptionally good margin last year, actually the highest margin weve ever shown at 21% so I wouldnt overreact to the year over year comparisons too much on that. Fuel was absolutely a head wind and without that head wind our results would have been better and probably getting closer to the kind of rates we saw in Q4 of last year for the International. On the Domestic side the combination of direct fuel costs and also costs we see through surcharges and [topsi] was a big head wind in our Domestic market would have shown a profit increase without that head wind.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: In terms of the volume outlook youve given I think you 1% unit growth domestically or so that seems pretty similar to what you had on a full year basis in 07 and your fourth quarter volumes were pretty constructive yet your qualitative comments youre saying well things got weaker in fourth quarter and were tougher. Do you think the market is actually slowed in small parcel and youve offset that with greater traction in the market or are you just concerned that it may slow further going forward because it doesnt really look like we are seeing a sharp slowing in your volume numbers?
Scott Davis: I think as we look at 2008 were kind of planning our outlook on a slower growth economy in 2008 than we saw in 2007. Caveat again we are not a leading economic indicator so we are going on basically on consensus information out there. I guess what we are seeing right now though is, I think you saw in the fourth quarter the GDP numbers come out just a few minutes ago, GDP was up 6/10th of a percent, our volume was up 1.4% domestically. I think you are starting to see the small package market get back to at least economic growth levels and we are expecting that in 2008 that small package market should perform at least as well as the economy moving to 2008. We are expecting a weak economy, probably 1% to 2%, still expect growth in the economy but real slow growth in 08.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: You didnt see a market slow down in the quarter its just kind of a little bit of caution within the forecast?
Scott Davis: I think we are expecting a little bit slower overall economy in 2008 than we saw in 2007. Improving small package market relative to the economy.
Kurt Kuehn: I think we are also fairly comfortable with the fundamentals of UPSs progress in the Domestic market, clearly resolving the contract issues seven and a half months early is a plus and the companys executing well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Edward Wolfe from Bear, Stearns & Company
Edward Wolfe  Bear, Stearns & Company: I just want to make sure I heard what you said occurred in response to Toms question about the fuel impact. Did you say that the International OR would have been equal to a year ago and that the Domestic operating income would have been flat without the difference in fuel lag?
Kurt Kuehn: The International would not have quite reached those levels but certainly would have looked better, but yes the Domestic operations would have been flat to slightly profitable had the rapid increase in fuel not hit us.
Edward Wolfe  Bear, Stearns & Company: Thats the EBIT that you are saying not OR?
Kurt Kuehn: EBIT yes.
Edward Wolfe  Bear, Stearns & Company: DHL has been in the news a lot and taking a big write down in the US just in a lot of ups and downs about that. Can you talk to if you are seeing any opportunity because of uncertainty there and the anti-trust issues if you see any between either yourself or your largest competitor purchasing DHL?
Scott Davis: As far as the impact in the marketplace I think its too early to tell. These market rumors have been out there for just a few weeks so I think its early on there. As far as what DHL is going to do, youll have to talk to DHL; we are not going to comment on those rumors. Anti-trust, thats something that wed have to look at. Weve not evaluated that at this point in time.
Edward Wolfe  Bear, Stearns & Company: When you look at the extra operating or the fewer operating day in the quarter is there any way to quantify the impact of having 61 days versus 62 a year ago and what are the correct operating days for first quarter given what you said about Easter versus a year ago?
Kurt Kuehn: We are showing 61 operating days in 07 compared to 62 in 06 and we will have 61 in 08 also but there will be two working days in the first quarter Good Friday and Easter Monday frankly that are below typical operating levels. In the US, although the working days arent significantly impacted you do have those soft days that would normally fall into April. In Europe business does shut down around those time periods so Europe actually has two less working days in real terms. It is a material impact, certainly will be heavier impact to the International than the Domestic maybe all in all add maybe $50 million to the company.
Edward Wolfe  Bear, Stearns & Company: The fourth quarter impact of one fewer days, can you quantify that impact.
Scott Davis: The typical rule of thumb for us for one less operating day in the US is $50 million; I think thatd be the rule of thumb.
Operator: Our next question is coming from William Green from Morgan Stanley
William Green  Morgan Stanley: Im wondering if you could talk a little bit about B to B versus B to C in the Domestic business? How did those two growth rates compare?
Kurt Kuehn: Really the trends have continued much as weve talked about though in the last year and a half or two years. The B to C has certainly exceeded the rate of B to B though we have seen significant slowing really over the course of 07. That was probably the biggest story as far as the overall volume changes in 07, still positive but slower on the B to C side perhaps as the consumer has a little less additional money to spend. The B to B is very driven by industrial production and some of those other statistics and weve seen the B to B really be flat for a number of quarters frankly.
William Green  Morgan Stanley: B to C was it noticeably weaker in December year over year versus how it had been in prior months of the quarter?
Kurt Kuehn: Not so much throughout the quarter in the year but I think B to C throughout 2007 did not show the growth we saw in the previous years. It still grew nicely better than the economy but not at the pace we saw the last several years.
Scott Davis: I think the real story for December as I mentioned in my prepared comments was the timing, that frankly the first couple weeks of December were slow for us we were concerned and then at the last minute we got substantial amount of volume. On average December came in pretty well but its a tale of two halves of the month.
William Green  Morgan Stanley: The list rate increases you announced for 2008 how well have you been able to push that into yield and not give it back in discount given the slowness?
Kurt Kuehn: We see the pricing environment continuing to be stable. Its competitive out there and we continue to perform and execute on service and quality. So far no real difference than previous years I guess. The rate increases are covering our costs and its all part of negotiation.
William Green  Morgan Stanley: Typically we think of you sort of keeping in the range of three quarters of what you announced so if you announced 3% to 4% maybe keep 2% to 3%. Is that about the range you are suggesting here?
Scott Davis: Yes, I wouldnt hang a number our specifically but we do feel that the trends are continuing very steadily in the market and our value proposition is holding up pretty well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Scott Flower from Independent Research
Scott Flower  Independent Research: A couple questions, one I just wanted to get a little more color on International, Im not quibbling with the absolute level of margins as those are obviously stellar but I guess one of the things you mentioned was that x fuel margins would have been close to last year but yet one of things Ive always sort of felt, obviously the Euro being quite strong in fourth quarter that should have been an additional tail wind. Im trying to understand was there any mix effect, is the around the world flight more of a drag? If we strip out fuel I understand that the Euro strengthened should have helped you? Im trying to understand what other dynamics are going on in International?
Kurt Kuehn: Certainly all of those were factors, the fuel did more than offset any currency benefits in Q4 and the round the world flight, although its a great investment for the company it continues to be a bit of a head wind for us. Well lap that in the second quarter and then be able to show more benefits from that. The International business is still doing well; weve guided to mid to upper teens profit increases so we are looking for another good year.
Scott Flower  Independent Research: If you look at the ground market, I know that Ed Wolfe said that also obviously your other competitor has some issues in the structure of their company and that may not have dribbled down operationally yet. Are you seeing any impact in the Ground market between some of the things that DHL is trying to do just to improve profitability as well as some of the issues that the contractor model at FedEx or have things been pretty stable in the Ground market?
Kurt Kuehn: I think as Scott said so far the market has been stable, I think clearly UPSs position is good right now. Both of those competitors were selling against our labor negotiations and so that fact that weve got both a long contract and one that makes us very competitive is good news. Were just continuing to execute effectively aligning all of the new capabilities to the company and the market. No dramatic shift in competitive balance at this point although certainly we feel pretty good about where we are at this point.
Scott Davis: I think that the shoe is on the other foot right now. Most people thought wed be battling late into 2008 on a new contract so we really have no distractions for our customers so we are in a great position to compete as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jason Siedl from Credit Suisse.
Jason Siedl  Credit Suisse: A couple quick questions, if I can look at the LTL I noticed great numbers but the weight per shipment was off a lot, is that just because your business mix is shifting a little bit?
Kurt Kuehn: I guess the most direct factor on weight per shipment is the economic conditions. We find that shipments grow when things are good and shrink when theyre not. Were also having great success selling in the middle market and bringing value to the very broad array of UPS customers that havent tried our LTL service. These trends have been fairly consistent actually if you look over the last three quarters. We are seeing good growth, we are growing in all sectors but certainly the weight has reflected the slower economic conditions.
Jason Siedl  Credit Suisse: When you say middle market you mean mid sized customers not middle length haul?
Kurt Kuehn: Yes, mid sized customers, the bread and butter of hundreds of thousands of customers of UPS.
Jason Siedl  Credit Suisse: You are growing in all lanes, are you growing faster in three/four day versus next day?
Kurt Kuehn: Not a dramatic difference, part of whats unique about our value proposition is that we are able to offer very competitive local and regional service and also have a comprehensive integrated highly aligned national network. The paradigm for us is we can handle whatever the customer needs us to handle.
Jason Siedl  Credit Suisse: Regards the share repurchase any thought to trying to get most of it out of the way in one lump sum versus just sort of market conditions?
Kurt Kuehn: Not at this point, the guidance weve given is that we intend to make those repurchases over the next 24 months and so we will be watching the market and making our best calls based on conditions and what our thoughts are. I cant give any specific guidance on that, we did assume in our guidance that we would repurchase about half of that $5 billion worth in 08 but beyond that I cant really give you much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Garrett Chase from Lehman Brothers
Garrett Chase  Lehman Brothers: A question on Supply Chain first, you noted that things are turning faster than you thought and certainly the outlook there is better than what you anticipated a few quarters back. It sounds like the expectations for 08 are similar with a 4% to 5%, Im just curious have your expectations overall for the business risen in 2008 or is there a little bit of caution in there relative to the economy. Related to that are we talking about maybe 4% to 5% margin on more revenue?
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly we are looking to improve margins and revenue, in the US the LTL market is very challenging and so clearly we want to be prudent on a reasonable forecast for that although we do intend to continue to gain share and profit. The outlook for global forwarding we expect to grow with market at market and our logistics group is complement to those and well grow that as makes sense. We feel like weve made tremendous progress in the last year and a half two years and we are going to be stretching a little bit but still in this environment we think its prudent to manage our capacity in line with the market.
Scott Davis: We did see a little slowing in the International Air Freight market in the fourth quarter also; we think that it may not grow quite as fast as we saw in 2007 with concerns on the overall global economy. Those trends will come back and we certainly expect to grow at or above market in International Air Freight.
Garrett Chase  Lehman Brothers: On the Domestic business where you hinted towards a 15% margin I wondered if maybe you could give us a little color on how much tail wind is going to be in there from just shifting some of the pension burden out of the operating line into the financing line and it seems like with that you are implying a decent margin decline in Domestic for 2008. Is that all economic or is there something else there we should be aware of?
Kurt Kuehn: Clearly they are in aggregate, theres a $0.09 to $0.10 head wind from that. Well move, to your point, from operating expenses into interest expense but we also, for the first seven months of 2008 we are still on the old contract, frankly, so we are a little bit in between state there with increased expenses on the interest side and the continual cost pressures of the contract as the new one comes into place and the benefits will be more manifest.
Garrett Chase  Lehman Brothers: Is there not some at least pension change in the Domestic margin the first part of the year or does that take until implementation?
Kurt Kuehn: There is some benefit in that earlier in the year but as we said the net expense overall to the company is $0.09 to $0.10 in light of the substantial increase in the interest expense.
Scott Davis: A lot of the key benefits out the contract that the longer progression, some of the full time job creation that health care waiting periods the split wages come with time. Youll see more of that each year as we move into the contract.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ken Hoekster from Merrill Lynch
Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch: If we look at other expenses it seemed after being down anywhere from 1% to 13% over the past couple quarters its jumped 6% this quarter. Im wondering if any of those charges that I think Andy mentioned at the start of the call or anything was in there. Im just trying to see if there was anything else that pushed Domestic margin up? If I look at fuel alone we kind of targeted that right in line with where it was so Im trying to look at why other jumped so much?
Kurt Kuehn: You are talking other other I guess. Thats a multitude of various expenses and it grew more or less in line with revenue. We did have some auto liability insurance increases that kicked into that, some supplies and miscellaneous stuff but nothing super material on that.
Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch: If I remember the last couple quarters youve made comments on how odd it felt that the Small Package flows had really grown slower than GDP it sounds like you are one and a half percent growth this quarter versus I think you said it came out at .6%. Its kind of returned to the normal trend, is there anything you feel or can see thats driving that return to what youd call normal?
Scott Davis: Ive been saying all year that wed get back there, the question was when would we get back there. As I said before the macro trends weve always talked about adjusting time, direct consumer shipping, online purchase are not going away they are going to be trends they are going to around a long time and thats going to benefit Small Package. For whatever reason the first couple quarters, and it could have been a combination of the industrial production being weaker than the economy and maybe retail sales being a little weak. We certainly saw, it looks like based on the numbers we saw this morning that the fourth quarter Small Package getting back to where it should be. We expect that in 2008, we do not expect Small Package to lag the economy in 2008.
Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch: In your 1% to 2% target can you get a little more granular? I guess you gave first quarter guidance do you think we slip into a negative environment in the first half before rebounding to get to that 1% to 2% or are you thinking we stay in the positive territory straight throughout?
Scott Davis: I think well stay positive territory throughout the year. I think January we are seeing positive growth so I dont expect it to go negative.
Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch: On the Next Day Air, I guess somebody else was asking about the DHL before, do you feel like any of the Next Day Air which was so robust in this economy was any of that maybe some market share shift from perhaps DHL or the Post Office or do you think weve seen strengthening on the Next Day Air side?
Kurt Kuehn: Nothing specific that we would want to share in that case. I think we are just continuing to operate and execute and with some of the head winds removed from customers concerns I think it puts us in a better position.
Ken Hoekster  Merrill Lynch: You think those concerns about the contract really started that early?
Kurt Kuehn: It certainly made it harder to close deals with an uncertainty so its not that we were seeing diversion but certainly it was an issue that was a concern in customers minds and that along with continued good execution is something to bring in business.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Barnes from BB&T Capital Markets
John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets: Given your comments about your longer term strategy with the balance sheet and the fact that youre going to get to those debt levels primarily through share repurchases. Is this any signal to us that from an acquisition standpoint that you are kind of done on that side or that theres nothing of size out there? Maybe there are some smaller things you can do and you dont need debt but there is nothing of size that really moves the needle that you need to maintain some cushion in your debt levels to buy?
Scott Davis: I think when we did the 50% to 60% funds from operations to debt that gave us plenty of capacity. We are still very strong, have a strong financial statement. We are still one of the top 45 rated companies in the country. We have that fire power to go out and do acquisitions if we feel the right and led value to share owners. I think clearly when we made the announcement on the recapitalization we made it clear that well still be reinvesting in the business.
John Barnes  BB&T Capital Markets: On your capex, how do you look at capex right now in this kind of environment? I hear what you are saying in terms of the economy is going to be a little bit slower but you are looking for a little bit better package environment. Are there any projects that have been shelved right now that could force capex higher this year if the economy were to improve or on the other side, if things were a little bit worse than you expected, what magnitude of declines would we see in capex if things dont materialize the way you hope?
Scott Davis: We are always focused on return of invested capital so we are always going to do the capex when its necessary. A lot of the capex we do is for the long term, when looking at airplanes we are looking a the next 30-40 years, so you make commitments earlier so you are not going to change those capex requirements in the short term based on two or three slow quarters. Buildings weve got a World Port expansion going on which is tight into both our Domestic and our Global trade which is growing at a fast pace. We are going to keep doing that. China, we are building up in Shanghai, its very important to the future of this company. There are areas like vehicles where you can look at the unit volume you are bringing in and you can slow those down and well do that. I think the major expenses we are making are things that are important for the future of the company, the growth of the company.
Operator: Our next question is coming from David Ross from Stifel Nicolaus.
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus: I have a question on the Rail [Topsi] business, a pretty big spend. Has there been any talk about lightening that up or where does that stand year over year as far as volume and are you looking to move to more container based system there. Kurt Kuehn We are evaluating and constantly evaluate the network and what the best way to operate is. With the rail service is the key and as long as we are able to see good quality service and good speed we are very happy to use the rails. Weve got good relationships with them and we are able to manage those rails to offer guaranteed service. On the other hand though we are constantly experimenting with other approaches, we are constantly looking at different lanes. We are doing some work looking at the changes in the containers both in size and in formats so well be constantly looking at that trying to find better ways to utilize it. One area of focus where weve increased the use of rails is in the LTL industry. Starting to leverage some of the skills and processes weve developed to move our ground package business for LTL also.
David Ross  Stifel Nicolaus: One follow up question on the International Round The World Flights, you said its probably about a 10-12 month drag on earnings before it become a profitable, how many of those round the world flights to you have now and how many you are targeting over the next couple of years?
Kurt Kuehn: We have really three comprehensive around the world flights now and at least at this point havent announced any specific plans to extend that but it is giving us great connections. As long as Global Trade continues to grow those are just tremendous investments for us and well keep pushing them.
Operator: Our next question is coming from David Campbell from Thompson, Davis & Company.
David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Company: I just want to try and understand this 50% to 60% cash in operations to debt balance. It seems like for example in 07, 50% of the cash flow would have been about a $4 billion that would bring you up to what $8 billion of long term debt and you are $7.5 billion now. That means you have $500 million left.
Scott Davis: The funds from operations youre probably thinking in the Central States payment. It would have been more like well over $6 million without the one time Central States payment, thats the way you have to look at it. Were probably 75% or so funds from operations to debt at the end of the year. Thats funding capacity.
Kurt Kuehn: We can take you through the line items offline if you want but we are pretty comfortable that theres a significant amount of capacity remaining.
David Campbell  Thompson, Davis & Company: The impact of the tax rebate thats going through congress right now is that included in your economic forecast or are dont you have any thoughts about impact on that?
Kurt Kuehn: Weve built the forecast based on what the consensus is saying out that because the consensus is looking at that because they look at the outlook for 08. Id say to a certain extent yes, its built in.
Operator: I have a follow up question from Tom Wadewitz from JP Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: I just wanted to follow up I guess two things on the cost savings in the past when youve hit periods of more challenging economic conditions youve been able to come up with some pretty significant cost savings initiatives and Im wondering if you already have specific large cost initiative in place for 08 or if not, if youve kind of got something in your back pocket that you can bring out that would be pretty significant if the volume slowed down. How might we think about the cost opportunity in 08?
Kurt Kuehn: Weve been very busy certainly the last couple of months as the increased economic uncertainty is highlighting that theres risks to our forecast and to other economic forecast so weve been very focused across all the business units and all the functions to highlight those areas of discretionary costs and to create flexibility for us to react when we need to. We will be as responsive as we need to be going forward.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: Is there kind of an order of magnitude of pretty straight forward belt tightening type things that you can do and get cost savings is that $50 million is that $100 million, how might we think about that in terms of magnitude?
Kurt Kuehn: Not at this point, we dont want to make manifest but as you know we have a long history of making costs variable and sustaining our ability to reduce both totally variable and semi-variable costs, no specific number that wed want to quote at this time.
Scott Davis: Youve heard many times that 50% of our costs are adjusted on a daily basis so are truly daily variable and 30% to 40% are semi-variable and thats really the basis youve got to react to on slow the economy gets and well be vigilant on those costs.
Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan: On the Shanghai hub opening can you give an update for what that is and when that comes online if thats going to drive some new flights and some impact we might see in the international export volume numbers.
Scott Davis: I think its late fall that we are going to open that hub and certainly we think thats going to increase our competitiveness particularly in the US to Asia but also inter Asia flights its going to give us a lot more better time to transmit, help us in China quite a bit.
Operator: Your final question is coming from Scott Flower from Independent Research.
Scott Flower  Independent Research: I just had a couple of quick follow ups. I know that weve sort of given some qualitative, could you give us some sense of even if qualitatively how volumes trended in the quarter and then into January. I appreciate your comments about the first couple weeks in December and then Im trying to get a sense has the rate of growth slowed is it about the same weve gone over the last three and a half months or so?
Scott Davis: I think overall its gotten better through the second half of the year. First half we were slightly negative for the first two quarters and it got a little better in the third quarter, slightly better in the fourth quarter and throughout the quarter with that late rush before Christmas it helped December it would be the best month of the three. January has showed slow growth but growing so Id say it stayed pretty steady.
Scott Flower  Independent Research: The other quick question I had is on the labor contract around is there any in terms of some of the relative to whether the economy is slow. Obviously I know this contract is different but obviously some of the turn over rates on part time is slowed, etcetera and so there was some impact economically to what saves you could achieve and so I dont know what the second half growth is going to be in the US but lets say its slower. Is there any potential impact to some of the saves you might achieve with the new contract with a slower growth economy?
Scott Davis: Certainly our contract and our whole company benefit from growth and this is no different. This contract is not heavily levered to high growth rate so clearly if we are able to grow the business and bring in new employees that work through progression there is a benefit but its not going to make a huge difference as far as some of the progression rates and some of that. Clearly we are going to operate in a growing environment where we have a nice mix of junior and senior employees.
Scott Flower  Independent Research: Will you lose the efficiencies period if you just have a very slow growth environment?
Scott Davis: Wed have to really talk through that really but that said we get a lower effective rates if weve got a mix of new and old employees as volume slows and theres a negative impact in the effective rates go up. Im not really ready to comment as to whether that would undo all the benefit to the contract. I dont think it would but it would depend on your assumptions.
Operator: You have no further questions.
Andy Dolny: To summarize the key takeaways from this call, first UPS delivered what we said 8% growth in earnings per share, second for 2008 we expect earnings per share of $4.30 to $4.50 and third we are looking forward to seeing you in New York City on March 12th. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: This does conclude todays UPS earnings investor relations fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andy Dolny - IR Mike Eskew - CEO  Scott Davis - CFO 
Analysts:  Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers  Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird William Greene - Morgan Stanley  Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan  Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns  Scott Flowers - Banc of AmericaSecurities  Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse  Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch  David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus  David Campbell - Thompson Davis  John Mims - BB&T Capital Markets   
Operator: Welcome to the UPS Investor Relations third quarter 2007earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to turnthe floor over to your host, Mr. Andy Dolny, Vice President of InvestorRelations. Sir, the floor is yours.
Andy Dolny: Good morning, everyone and welcome to our earnings call. Asyou probably know, this is my first as Vice President of Investor Relations atUPS. Over the next few months, I'm looking forward getting to know all of you.Shortly Mike Eskew, our CEO, and Scott Davis, our CFO will discuss thirdquarter results and our future expectations.  Before they begin, let me cover the Safe Harbor language. Some of the commentswe'll make today are forward-looking statements that address our expectationsfor the future performance or results of operations of the company. Theseanticipated results are subject to risk and uncertainties which are describedin detail in our 2006 Form 10-K and 2007 Form 10-Q reports. These reports areavailable on the UPS investor relations website, or from the Securities andExchange Commission.  Today's call is being webcast and will also be available onour investor relations website. I'm sure you've noticed, there was a charge in the quarterfor restructuring the repair business and exiting a specialized road businessin France. Theactivities of the road business were neither scalable nor core to our supplychain services. The pre-tax charge for the quarter was $46 million, or about$0.03 per diluted share.  In their remarks today, Mike and Scott will focus on resultsfrom operations excluding this charge, since we believe these results moreaccurately reflect UPS' true performance in the quarter.  Now to begin our review, I'll turn the program over to Mike.
Mike Eskew: Thank you, Andy and good morning, everyone. To most of you,the third quarter of 2007 was just another three months in the annual businesscycle. However to us at UPS, it was a milestone. On August 28th, we celebratedour 100th anniversary. It was a time for us to reflect on our history andheritage, our successes and failures, our challenges and transformations. Butmore than that, it was a time for reinvigoration; to imagine where we will gofrom this threshold, where innovation might take us over the next 100 years.Wherever that might be, I know we're prepared, because the principles on whichthis company was founded will continue to guide us, whatever the future brings. The third quarter was historic, not only for our centennialcelebration, but also for a first in our 80-year history with the Teamsters,reaching a handshake agreement well ahead of the July 31, 2008 expiration date of our current contract.This is a testament to a lot of hard work by UPS and the Teamster leadership.  This is a fair contract from many perspectives. It enablesUPS to adapt to the changing business environment; to respond to the needs ofour customers; to aggressively grow the business; and to continue to createopportunities for our people. The contract obviously includes increases towages, healthcare and pension plans. It also allows UPS to withdrawal from themulti-employer pension plan and establish a single employer plan for this groupof employees. UPS will make a one-time, pre-tax payment of $6.1 billion inconnection with this withdrawal. The net after tax amount will be approximately$3.9 billion. We'll make this payment in the fourth quarter upon ratificationof the contract.  The ratification process has begun, and should conclude inDecember. If ratified, the new contract will run until July 31, 2013. Both UPS and the Teamstersleadership wholeheartedly endorse the contract and we're confident the majorityof our employees will support it as well. Turning now to another bright spot in the quarter, a yearago I explained the issues surrounding the supply chain and freight segment. Ioutlined the efforts to address the problems in each of these business units.We needed to make some tough, but necessary, decisions and I'm pleased to saytoday that the results speak for themselves. For the first nine months of 2007,this segment has improved operating profit by almost $250 million. All of theUPSers involved in making this happen are to be complimented for a job welldone.  There is, of course, more to do to accelerate revenuegrowth, but clearly we're headed in the right direction, and I'm encouraged bythe progress that's been made. As you know a week ago, I announced that on December 31 I'llretire from the position of Chairman and CEO of UPS. In addition to introducingScott as my successor, we also shared some changes in our management committee.I've been working with the board on this transition for over a year.  The announcement highlighted one thing very clearly: thestrength of UPS is in its people. We have great bench strength with capable managersat the ready to take on positions of increased responsibility. I'm confidentthis talented senior management team will lead UPS to even greater heights thanwe've seen so far. These are exciting times to be at UPS.  I also want to personally thank all UPSers, our customersand shareholders for their support. It's been an honor for me to know and workwith you throughout my career, and in particular in the last six years.  Now I'll turn the program over to Scott for a review of thequarter and insights into the remainder of the year.
Scott Davis: Good morning, everyone. UPS turned in strong results for thethird quarter. Earnings per share were up over 9%. Operating profit increasedmore than 11%, with all three segments showing profit improvement. Consolidatedoperating margin improved 98 basis points to 14.4%.  Before I discuss the results, let me share our thoughts onthe U.S. smallpackage market, which has been growing slower than the economy. This was againthe case in the third quarter. We believe however that market trends arestarting to improve slowly. Economists estimate that industrial productionnumbers bottomed out in the third quarter and will begin recovering in thefourth.  Offsetting this somewhat is consumer spending. Retail salesgrowth is expected to remain weak and is a wildcard going into the holidayshipping season. Looking at the economy, experts anticipate GDP to grow about2% for the year with industrial production about the same. It remains to beseen how quickly the U.S.economy will return to long-term growth trends. So much for the economy; now let's get to our results, startingwith U.S.package operations. As we told you, we expected a slight increase in packagevolume this quarter. In fact, volume increased almost 1% with gains in groundvolume more than offsetting the slight decline in air. Revenue per pieceremained firm. Ground revenue per piece was up 2.4%, with a slight negativefuel surcharge comparison. Air revenue per piece was down; however, adjustingfor the year-over-year change in fuel surcharge, air revenue per piece actuallyimproved.  Our U.S.operations team adjusted well to the low volume growth levels, as evidenced bythe segment's 16.3% operating margin. In this type of challenging operatingenvironment, cost control becomes particularly important. We did a good job ofcontrolling semi-variable costs, which make up 30% to 40% of our domestic costsstructure. We focused on reducing costs in all areas of discretionary spending. Similar to last year, domestic results were positivelyimpacted by our safety efforts and their effects on workers compensationexpense. In the quarter we realized a year-over-year improvement in workerscompensation expense of about $30 million. Our people have made major stridesin this area. Work-related injuries have declined by about 50% since 2002.UPSers are to be congratulated for taking health and safety so seriously intheir day-to-day activities.  We're also very pleased with across-the-board serviceimprovements in the quarter, including gains in industry leading on-timedeliveries. Such improvements show up in improved revenue and variable cost savingsand filter through to the bottom line. At UPS, the pursuit of cost improvementsis always a focus. This mindset will remain unchanged. Now for our international business. Once again, this segmentturned in good results. Operating profit increased over 10% to $428 million,with operating margin a healthy 16.9%. Export volume remains strong, well aheadof market growth rates. Asia and Europereported double-digit volume increases, and U.S.export volume increased at a mid single-digit rate.  During the quarter, UPS put up another around-the-worldflight, which supports our long-term growth plans. This flight, along withhigher fuel expense, caused a slight decline in the international operatingmargin. In the quarter, UPS also received the authority to operatesix daily flights between the U.S.and Nagoya, Japan,in addition to our daily service to Tokyoand Osaka. Nagoyaoffers UPS significant opportunities to continue expanding our business in Asia.We will connect these flights to our new air hub in Shanghaion which we began construction in the quarter. The new hub will link all of Chinato our international network with direct service across the globe.  Just after the quarter ended, UPS introduced two industryfirsts for international shippers: paperless invoice and international returns.To be launched in January, these new products will make it easier for ourcustomers to expand their businesses to new markets around the world. Now for the supply chain and freight segment. As Mike said,we're very pleased that this segment reported a profit increase of $117 millionin the quarter and approximately $250 million year-to-date. Third quarterprofits significantly improved in each of the main business units: forwarding,logistics and freight. Forwarding and logistics increased revenue 4.7%. Theforwarding operations are beginning to show results from enhanced revenuemanagement, improved asset utilization and better customer service.  In particular, international air freight posted volume andrevenue gains while improving yields and profit. Our air forwarding volumes arenow approaching market growth rates and we're confident that this trend willcontinue. Logistics also performed well as a result of revenuemanagement, cost reduction initiatives and selective targeting of new accounts. UPS freight posted shipment, revenue and profit gains in avery difficult LTL environment. Shipments were up over 13%, continuing threequarters of accelerating volume growth. LTL revenue increased over 12% to $521 millionwith regional, interregional and long haul each showing double-digit gains. 60%of revenue growth is from existing UPS customers with the remainder coming fromnew customers who are attracted by our value proposition focused on improvedreliability and technology.  In addition, increasing numbers of customers are using bothUPS small package and freight shipment capabilities. We anticipate suchtraction will continue as we offer freight services to more of our smallpackage customers. We're quite pleased with the turnaround in this segment. Aswe move forward, our focus is on growing top line revenue with improvingprofitability. Before I talk about our outlook for the rest of the year, Iwant to review our financial position. For the first nine months, UPS generatedover $5.2 billion in cash from operations, invested $2 billion in CapEx, spent$2 billion to repurchase 27.9 million shares, paid dividends of $1.7 billion,and still ended the first nine months with $2 billion in cash and investments.  Through the end of the quarter, free cash flow exceeded $3.1billion. After the Teamster contract is ratified, we will initially fund our$6.1 billion withdrawal payment to the Central State's pension plan primarilythrough commercial paper. To accommodate the borrowing, we will increase our authorizationfor the commercial paper program and enter into an additional backup creditfacility. We anticipate that a significant portion of the commercial paper willbe replaced with longer maturity debt. Even after this payment, UPS willclearly still be in a financially strong position, with the ability to adapt tochanging conditions and opportunities. Now for our outlook on the fourth quarter. We expectdomestic volume to increase, but it will be the slowest fourth quarter growthin the last four years. This stems from what we anticipate will be only amodest increase in retail sales. Pricing should remain firm, and as always, weintend to operate very effectively.  Once again, we expect our international business to postgood results. Export volume growth should be strong, approximately 10%, withfirm pricing and mid-teens profit improvement. The supply chain and freightsegment should make more progress in the fourth quarter. For the year,operating margin in this segment should be around 4%, up from the originalguidance we gave at the beginning of 2007.  For the full year, we have adjusted our planned CapEx downto $2.9 billion from the $3.1 billion originally forecasted. In addition, weexpect to deliver adjusted earnings per share for the year between $4.13 and$4.19, in the middle of the range we had set at the beginning of 2007. UPS has a 100-year history of managing well through allkinds of economic scenarios. We expect this one will be no different. The stepswe're taking now -- cost containment, service improvements, new products --will result in a stronger organization, ready to capitalize on opportunitiesthat emerge as the U.S.economy strengthens.  Before we take your questions, I want to tell you how muchI've enjoyed working with you as UPS' Chief Financial Officer. In addition, Iwant to thank Mike for his vision and leadership of the company. I take thereigns from his capable hands at an exciting time, and I'm humbled by theconfidence he and the board of directors have shown by giving me this newresponsibility.  Now we'd be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers.
Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers: Congratulations, Mike and Scott, on the news. Scott, I wonderedif you could just provide a little bit of color on what's going on by businesssegment? There seems to be a lot of concerns out there economically. Are youseeing anything that's troubling? The guidance would suggest that's not thecase.
Scott Davis: Gary, it wasstill not a surprising quarter for us, the way the economy performed. I think we expected somewhat muted GDP growthand I think year over year the number is going to come in a little over 2%,which was pretty much the number for the year we're expecting. Industrialproduction, I think we expected would bottom out in the third quarter. Thatappears to be the case; I think most of the economist expect industrialproduction to improve in Q4.  As far as across the markets, I think that once again, theservice sector was probably the strongest of the bunch. Beyond that, I thinkthe manufacturing was fairly slow. Retail sales, consumer spending is certainlyan area of concern for all of us as we go forward.  As I said earlier, we expect retail sales to be slow, yetthey still should grow in the fourth quarter, as should our package volume. Soagain, a slow but not really declining from what we've seen in the past.
Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers: As you look within the supply chain, can you give us alittle bit more color on how these results are being generated? Are you seeingdown side on the freight side that you're able to offset at Menlo, or are youseeing upside on both sides of that?
Scott Davis: As we've said earlier Gary,that the first half of the year most of the operating profit, all of theoperating profit improvement came from the forwarding and distribution side ofthe business. We expected in the third quarter to have the LTL kick in and helpon comparisons, and it did; so really, all of the businesses in the thirdquarter showed year-over-year improvements.  We're quite pleased with the improvements, in forwarding anddistribution. I think seeing the international air freight forwarding revenuegrow close to market was a very important quarter for us, so we're optimisticon that going forward. So across the board, I thought we saw good improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Langenfeld  Robert W. Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Scott, can you just talk a little bit about thesemi-variable costs and how long you can keep those under control? Is thatsomething that turns into a headwind here if the environment remains at this 2%type GDP growth?
Scott Davis: Jon, I think you've followed us for a long time, and I thinkyear-in and year-out we are doing a very good job of controlling semi-variablecosts. That's a big pull, as we said, 30% to 40% of our expenses was a bignumber.  We've done it for as long as I've been around here and Iexpect for as long as I will be around here, we'll see improvements. We'vespent an awful lot of 2007 looking at 2008 and what could be better in 2008.Clearly we talked at the last year's investors conference about the sharedservices movement that we've got going. That is something that will generateimprovements for many years to come. So I don't think we're anywhere near thebottom of semi-variable cost savings.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Your long-term earnings growth that you talked about, the 9%to 14%, I'm assuming you need a better environment than 2% GDP growth to hitthat? But if the current environment doesn't change, is mid single-digit orhigher profit growth like you've been achieving here, is that sustainable?
Scott Davis: I think that obviously we've had a challenging year in 2007with the economy. Not withstanding that, we're going to hit the middle of our6% to 10% earnings guidance range we gave you, which isn't too far off thebottom of that 9% to 14%.  Clearly on the domestic side of our business, growing volumeat flat to 1% puts a lot of pressure on our effective wage rate. We saw lastyear we averaged probably 1.7% effective wage rate increases. This year, we'veaveraged about 3.5%. That puts pressure on domestic margins. So you'll see moreimprovement in earnings performance as the domestic volume grows. But we'reoptimistic that with the improvement in supply chain and freight, withcontinued strength of international package that we can achieve those numbersgoing forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Greene - MorganStanley. 
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Scott, can you tell us how much of the improvement in groundyields came from dim weight?
Scott Davis: No, we wouldn't quantify. That's just one piece of the rateincreases we did last year. I mean certainly it contributed, but I wouldn't saythat's a primary factor in the ground yield increases.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: The growth mainly is coming just from underlying list rateincreases?
Scott Davis:  Correct.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley:  And when you look atit on a B2B or B2C basis, I assume the B2C is still growing faster than B2B? Isthat correct?
Scott Davis: That is correct. It hasn't grown at the pace in 2007 that wesaw in 2006. We said that's one of the factors in the overall small packagemarket being closer to flat this year. It's still growing faster than GDP, butnot at the pace we've seen in the last four or five years. We expect it willget back to that large growth in the near future.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: So B2C is not growing faster than the economy is?
Scott Davis:  B2C is faster than B2B,but not as much of a discrepancy as we saw in the last couple of years.  
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: The $6.1 billion payment you'll make to Central State, are you going to fund all ofthat? In other words, when you roll it out of commercial paper, you'll keep allof it on the balance sheet, or you'll just do the post-tax portion of it? 
Scott Davis: Initially, it'll be funded entirely with commercial paper,and then when the debt markets are right, we will go out and fund the after-taxportion with long-term debt, so about $3.9 billion of it will be funded aslong-term debt, likely early next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Wadewitz  JP Morgan. 
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: Mike, congratulations on the contract and your retirement. Scott,congratulations on being named the new CEO. If you look at supply chain, you've seen quite a substantial improvementin '07. Can you give us any thoughts on whether that type of trajectory cancontinue in '08? In terms of margin, is 4% a pretty good level to be at forawhile, and it's more growth picking up as opposed to further margin expansion?
Mike Eskew: Tom, we did 4.6% in the quarter, I think for the year we'llcome in at 4%. I mean it's been a gameof focus and execution, and we really have implemented a number of initiatives.Scott talked about in this talk about revenue management, asset utilization,high tech services and those kinds of things and we're delighted. I thinkthere's a whole lot of upside here, and we think we've got this model going inthe right direction.  I don't want to put a lot of pressure on Scott and Andy, butI think there's a whole lot more we can do here.
Scott Davis: We're not satisfied at 4% margins. We've said all along thatwe need to get our margins into the 7% to 9% level to generate the economicprofit we expect out of this segment. We're going to improve more in 2008 as wemove to that 7% to 9% area.
Mike Eskew: If you look at the LTL segment, it's up. The regional, theinterregional, the long haul, all showed double-digit growth in both shipmentsand revenue and the service is great, so I'd look for a lot of upside there.
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: There's been a lot of movements in exchange rates. I knowyou are pretty leveraged in euros, and also movements in fuel. I wonder if youcould just give some comments on the higher fuel prices and also how thesignificant moves in dollars versus the euro are affecting your business trendsand perhaps reported results, as well?
Scott Davis: All three quarters, Tom, have shown the euro about 10 pointsabove last year. So all three quarters, we've certainly had some favorablevariances due to the weak dollar, strong euro. In the third quarter, we didshow benefit from the currency, largely offset by the fuel cost increase wesaw, so I think that there is a benefit internationally due to the currency,but a lot of it was offset by the fuel prices, the fuel surcharges. As pricesclimb quicker, the surcharge takes a while to catch up and that hurts you inthe short term, it'll turn around eventually. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns. 
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Congratulations, Mike and Scott. Just a littleclarification. Is it a $6.1 billion initial payment on December 31, or whateverthat day in December is, then over what period of time do you see the taxbenefit from it? What's the interest rate that you're expecting to pay on that$6.1 billion, and then when you flip it over to $3.9 billion?
Scott Davis: In the short term it'll probably be a little over 5% oncommercial paper. What the long-term debt markets are at in theJanuary/February timeframe will probably dictate that, but probably in theupper 5% to 6% level is probably a good guess.  As far as how quick we get the money back on the tax refund,we frankly got some of it back already, because we didn't make our estimatedtax payments in September, thinking we're going to get this deduction. We willmake another one in January. Probably you can file for a quick refund, and getthe money back in about four months.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: As a follow-up, Ithink you noted that exports out of the U.S.were only up mid single-digits below your total export volumes in thirdquarter, but you expect them to pick up in fourth quarter. Can you talk alittle to the weak dollar? I assume thatover time, export could be a positive. Can you talk a little about thosetrends?
Scott Davis: Absolutely. The weak dollar certainly should generate moreexports out of the U.S.I think the small package market maybe hasn't shown as much of it as the overallexport growth has been. A lot of the growth has been Boeing airplanes, thattype of growth, commodities like grain, that type of thing; although we'restill seeing solid growth in the U.S.small package export market.  I think the fact that you saw our export volume dropslightly, about 10% this quarter was actually more of a U.S.import issue. We've seen very strong growth out of Asiaover the last several years, still great growth, in the upper teens thisquarter, but that's below the 25% that we saw last quarter. That's primarily U.S.imports being a little weak due to the economy here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Flower - Banc of AmericaSecurities. 
Scott Flowers - Banc of America Securities: Congratulations, Mike and Scott both. In terms of the exportrates, if I look at the currency adjusted rates, they were down about 1.5%. Isthat a mix issue? What is going on when I look at some of the currency adjustedexport rates on small package?
Scott Davis:  Scott it's verysimilar to what you saw in the last couple of quarters. Rates didn't changemuch. It's primarily mix. It's the transporter business in Europeis growing at a real fast rate; a shorter distance and lower revenue per piece.As you would expect, Europe to the rest of the world islow due to the strength of the euro, and as we said, we didn't see quite asmuch growth out of Asia to the U.S.because of the weak U.S.economy. That's long range, high revenue piece product. But nothing other thana little bit of mix switch there.
Scott Flowers - Banc of America Securities: Obviously you talked about nudging down CapEx expectationsfor this year. Can you give us some sense of is that just going to roll into'08 from a deferral standpoint, or are there some things you actually diddiminish in terms of where you wanted to invest in different businesses basedon the economic outlook?
Scott Davis:  I think the reductionwas primarily vehicles in the U.S.for this year. That's obviously tied to the volume growth. The small packagemarket has not grown very much in 2007 lessening our need for new vehicles.  As we go forward, as I said, I guess for a while now, westill expect our CapEx range to be at the low end of our normal 5% to 8%revenue spend. I don't see that changingdramatically in 2008.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse. 
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: Congratulations Scott and Mike. Scott, I think you mentioned thatinternational margins were negatively impacted by both fuel and the newflights. If you exclude those two items what would the margins look like?
Scott Davis: Better. I haven't calculated it out, but certainly thatwould have had a fairly pretty dramatic impact on the margins.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: Would you have been on par with last year?
Scott Davis:  We would have been.
Mike Eskew: A big piece of it.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: When you give your outlook for the full year for supply chain,you mentioned 4% margins. Are including or excluding that charge from France?
Scott Davis:  We'll be excludingthat charge from France.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse:  Excluding the chargefrom France.
Scott Davis: Remember, we started the year looking at 2% to 3% margins,and last quarter we said 3%, at least 3%; so now we're at 4%.
Mike Eskew: We're 4% right now. We just hit 4.6%, excluding.
Jason Seidl - Credit Suisse: Fuel for the fourth quarter, I'm assuming you're factoring that in, howmuch of an impact do you think negatively that's going to have on the numbers?
Scott Davis:  It depends on wherethe costs go in the short term. Clearly by December, with our fuel surchargenumber it is going to be up much higher than it's been, due to the fact thefuel prices have been up the last couple of months.  Now what I can't tell is fuel going to be $100 a barrel or$70 a barrel by December? That'll drive the impact on P&L, where fuel costswill be. But currently the surcharge revenue is increasing due to the fact thatcost have run up the last several months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch. 
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Good morning and congratulations as well to both of you. I don't think you mentioned, on the less than truckloadside, on the overnight side, did you mention what the revenue per hundredweight had done? It sounded like had you said volumes were up double-digits.
Mike Eskew: It's up 9.9%.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch:  Revenue per 100weight was?
Scott Davis:  Yes. A lot of that isthe mix of the customers. We've won a lot of mid-sized companies as well as nationalaccounts which has helped drive that revenue per hundred weight.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Revenue per hundred weight was up 9.9%, and tonnage was updouble-digits?
Scott Davis: Tonnage was up 1.9%. Shipments were up 13%.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch:  Tonnage was 1.9%?
Scott Davis: Weight per shipment is down.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Are you still not giving any contract details? You talked abit about the employees. Can you talk about wages going forward, wages orbenefits?
Mike Eskew: The ballots are out late this week. We're going to let ourpeople take a look at it. Thats been our pattern, we let the people see itfirst.
Scott Davis:  I know that everybodyout there would like to have more of the details, but as Mike said really, it'sonly fair to our people to let them get the ballots and see the details firstand make their decisions. After the ratification clearly we'll be able tocommunicate some of the financial impacts of the contract to all of you.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Can you tell us if there are any major differences than whatwe've seen in the past in term of wages and benefits?
Scott Davis: As we said, we'll let all the ballots be cast, and thenwe'll share the details with you.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Scott, when we were over in Japanyou had said that there was always a need to get more routes into it and getmore business, it sounds like you have some more flights going in. Are yougoing to start increasing spend or capital dollars in Japanto build out that network more?
Scott Davis: Nagoya routeswill probably not be up and running until the summer of next year, it's goingto take us a while to get the gateway ready, but we're very excited about the possibilitiesof the U.S. to Nagoyaflights and tying that it into our new Shanghaihub.  So clearly we'll continue to make some infrastructureinvestments in Japanand throughout Asia. But we think it's going to be agreat return by doing that.
Mike Eskew: We've been spending a lot of money in Japanthe last couple of years are as we round out that operation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus. 
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus:  Good morning,gentlemen. I wanted to ask a little bit about the growth in bundling. Do youhave any numbers for the number of customers who currently use UPS freight and groundnow versus they used only one of those services a year ago, and what the growthlooks like?
Scott Davis: We talked about on the LTL side that of the growth, 60% camefrom existing customers and 40% from new customers. Most of those new customersare obviously UPS customers that are adding LTL services. That will quantify,but clearly that is where a lot of that growth is, and why we're outperformingthe LTL markets so dramatically is the ability to bring this new service to theUPS customer base.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus:  Also on the otheroperating expenses line item in the quarter, it declined about a $100 million yearover year, showed a nice improvement. Is that part of the cost reductionsyou're going after? I just want to know the sustainability of that number.
Scott Davis:  Well it's definitelypart of those cost reductions. If you recall last year we had a wage hour settlement in the third quarter of 2006 ofabout $87 million. So you take that out, we were flat to down a little bit, butthat was the biggest driver. Variable cost savings show up in that line.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Campbell - Thomas Davis.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis: This might be the first time that a CFO has been promoted toCEO at UPS. Maybe this means you're going to get better numbers going forward.
Mike Eskew:  By the way, it's notthe first time, David. But you're right, I hope the numbers get better goingforward.
Scott Davis: Expect such, David.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis:  I think it's greatnews. Congratulations. The bad news and the horrible impact on human life in Southern California with these fires. Do you have any thoughts on what itdoes to your business in the fourth quarter?
Mike Eskew:  It's a little tooearly to tell right now. We've got some folks out of their homes, and we'vebeen watching our people right now, and it's just hard to quantify the businessaspects at this point.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis:  Right. The thirdquarter tax rate was low, I thought. Do you think the fourth quarter will beback up to 38%?
Scott Davis:  I think we've beenrunning, David, at about 36.25% tax rate for probably the last year-and-a-half.We think the effective tax rate going forward is 36%, so a little bit lowerthen we've been running.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis: The $46 million charge in the third quarter, was that incompensation cost?
Scott Davis: $46 million is in mostly compensation and benefits, correct.
Operator: Your final question comes from John Mims - BB&T CapitalMarkets. 
John Mims - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. Real quickly, I know you've discussed Japanand China, butcould you break down international business by region and highlight any pocketsof strength, and particularly pockets of weakness you've seen, or where youexpect to see the most growth going forward?
Scott Davis: We've had a pretty sterling record of strong growth in both Europeand Asia for many years. As we've talked about a lot oftimes, Europe since 1997 has only had four quarters wehaven't grown double-digit in export volume growth , it showed again in thelast quarter. So we're still seeing strength in Europe. Asia,we expect to see strong growth for many years to come out of Asia.The only softness growing out of Asia, upper teens asopposed to 25% the previous quarter. A little softer, but again that's drivenby the U.S.imports being a little bit weaker this quarter.  I think going forward we're very confident that around theworld we're going to see strong growth. We'd like to see a little better growthout of South America still, but we'll expect that goingforward.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. AndyDolny.
Andy Dolny: To summarize, here are the key points I'd like you toremember. Our financial strength is outstanding. We posted strong third quarterresults with earnings per share up over 9%. All three business segmentsreported profit gains. For the year, we expect earnings per share to be between$4.13 and $4.19.  Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward toseeing you soon.
