===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to UDR’s First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you. Mr. Trujillo, you may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Thank you, and welcome to UDR’s quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR’s Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR’s first quarter 2025 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer, Joe Fisher; and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Lacy. Senior Officers, Andrew Cantor; and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 2025 is off to a very solid start. Our first quarter same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth exceeded initial expectations due to a healthy fundamental backdrop, combined with operating strategies we employ to create value. These trends have led to positive momentum across most key operating metrics, including lower resident turnover, higher occupancy, lower concessions and improving pricing power. We feel good about 2025 thus far, but we have only completed the first four months of the year. Accordingly, and is customary for UDR at this time of year, we have reaffirmed our full year 2025 guidance and we’ll reassess as we progress through peak leasing season. Irrespective of how the macroeconomic and geopolitical environment may unfold, we remain strategically focused on three drivers of growth that differentiate us from peers and that we control. First, innovation. We are not only leaders in idea generation, but more importantly in execution. This is evident in the results from our value-add initiatives, which have consistently grown in high single-digit range and added 50 or more basis points annually to our same-store NOI growth. We continue to innovate and expect to drive incremental growth for many years to come. Mike will provide additional details in his remarks in this area. Second, we listen to our associates and residents and use that feedback to influence our operating tactics and long-term strategy. One excellent example of this is UDR’s customer experience project. We have an ability to orchestrate an enhanced UDR living experience through more than 1 million daily touch points with our existing and prospective residents, which helps improve the retention and lower cost to drive margin expansion and cash flow growth. To enable this, we have equipped our associates with actionable data and more responsibilities, which led to higher levels of engagement on their part, more career growth opportunities as well and higher social retention. This, in part, led to UDR being recognized by USA Today as a Top 2025 Top Workplace, which builds on UDR’s rich history as a leader in corporate stewardship. And third, we continue to execute on various forms of capital deployment to drive future accretion, including development, debt and preferred equity deployment and joint venture acquisitions. This activity is supported by our investment-grade balance sheet with substantial liquidity that can fully fund our capital needs in 2025 and beyond. This positions us well to take advantage of growth opportunities as they arise, which Joe will expand upon in his remarks. There are also a variety of positive short-term and long-term fundamental drivers of our industry. These include: first, demand is strong, and the chronic undersupply of housing in the United States suggest this will persist. Based upon third-party data, nearly 140,000 apartment homes were absorbed during the first quarter, which is a three-decade high for the first three months of the year. Demand is outpacing supply across many markets, which bodes well for occupancy and pricing into the future. Second, the pace of new supply is slowing. 2024 multifamily completions marked a 50-year high, but starts continue to decline due to the cost and availability of capital. A future supply pipeline that is below historical averages bodes well for rent growth in the years ahead. And third, renting an apartment is on average 60% more affordable than owning a single-family home in the markets where we operate, the best level of relative affordability in two decades. So from a big picture perspective, volatility, macro uncertainty and their effects on interest rates in the economy and the employment market are all out of our control. However, I and the team remain optimistic about the long-term growth prospects for the multifamily industry and UDR’s unique competitive advantages that should enhance that growth. We will continue to focus on what we do control, including our dynamic and innovative culture to create value for UDR’s residents and stakeholders. Finally, I’d like to take a moment to recognize Jim Klingbeil, who has decided not to seek reelection to our board. Jim has been a valued voice in the boardroom that has brought a wealth of knowledge and experience. He has helped drive UDR’s transformation into a highly respected blue chip company that we are today. Jim, I thank you for all your contributions to UDR, the real estate industry, and you leave the board in good hands. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks Tom. Today I’ll cover the following topics: our first quarter same-store results; early second quarter 2025 trends, including an update on our various innovation initiatives and how this factors into our full year 2025 same-store growth guidance; and expectations for operating trends across our regions. To begin first quarter year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI growth of 2.6% and 2.8% respectively were better than expected and driven by: first, 0.9% blended lease rate growth, it was driven by renewal rate growth of 4.5% and new lease rate growth of approximately negative 3%. Our blends accelerated sequentially by 140 basis points, which is twice as much as our historical, sequential acceleration between the fourth quarter and first quarter. Second, 32% annualized resident turnover was more than 300 basis points below the prior year period and nearly 700 basis points better than our first quarter average over the last 10 years. This has enabled us to maintain healthy renewal rate pricing and led to more favorable blended lease rate growth. Third occupancy averaged 97.2%, which is higher than our historical first quarter average and 40 basis points higher sequentially versus the fourth quarter. This strategic decision to build occupancy during the seasonally slower leasing period helped to drive revenue and NOI outperformance to start the year and positions us well as we enter our traditional leasing season. And fourth, our other income growth from rentable items was 10%, driven by our continued innovation along with the delivery of value added services to our residents. Shifting to expenses, year-over-year same-store expense growth of only 2.3% in the first quarter came in better than expectations. These positive results were driven by favorable real estate taxes, insurance savings and constrained repair and maintenance expenses due to our improved resident retention. Moving on, core operating trends have remained resilient in April and key metrics have largely followed typical seasonality. First, blended lease rate growth has continued to improve sequentially. If this trend holds through June, our first half 2025 blends would be towards the high end of the 1.4% to 1.8% range I spoke about on our last earnings call in February. We feel confident in the trajectory of rental rate growth as renewal rate growth has held steady in the mid 4% range and new lease rate growth has improved sequentially since the start of the year. Second, occupancy remains strong and in the high 96% range today. Traffic is similar to historical norms at this time of year and our 30-day availability is approximately 4% which supports our expectation of occupancy remaining in the mid to high 96% range for the rest of 2025. Third, resident retention continues to compare well against historical norms and April represents the 24th consecutive month our year-over-year turnover has improved. Our full year guidance assumes resident turnover will be 100 basis points below that of 2024. Year-to-date we have exceeded this expectation by 200 basis points, which translates to approximately $7 million of higher cash flow if we maintain this outperformance for the rest of the year. Continued enhancements in how we measure, map and orchestrate the customer experience have increased the probability of renewal and we expect this to drive further year-over-year improvement in turnover and margin expansion in years ahead. And fourth, other income from rentable items, which constitutes roughly 11% of our total revenue, continues to grow in the high single-digit to low double-digit range. We remain pleased with the trajectory of our initiatives and property enhancements such as the further rollout of building Wi-Fi, further penetration of package lockers and less fraud loss which collectively contribute to incremental same-store revenue growth and improve the customer experience. When considering these factors, our same-store results are trending above the midpoint of our guidance expectations. However, we are cognizant of potential volatility that could affect the macroeconomic environment and pricing of our apartment homes. Accordingly, we will remain focused on executing our strategy and will provide an update to our same-store growth guidance during our next earnings call after we have additional visibility on demand trends. Turning to regional results, our coastal markets are exceeding our expectations while our Sunbelt markets have performed largely in line. More specifically, the east coast, which compromises approximately 40% of our NOI, was our strongest region in the first quarter. Washington D.C. was our best performing market overall and Boston results were above our expectations. First quarter weighted average occupancy for the East Coast was an astonishing 97.5%. Blended lease rate growth was 2.5%. And our year-over-year same-store revenue growth was approximately 4.5%, which is slightly above the high end of our full year expectation for the region. With healthy demand and relatively low proximate new supply completions, we expect this regional strength to continue. The West Coast which comprises approximately 35% of our NOI, has performed better than expected year-to-date. First quarter weighted average occupancy for the West Coast was 97.2%; blended lease rate growth led all regions at nearly 3% and year-over-year same-store revenue growth was nearly 3%, which is close to the high end of our full year expectations for the region. We continue to see positive momentum across Seattle and the San Francisco Bay Area due to return to office mandates, increased office leasing activity and quality of life improvements. Annual new supply completions remained low at 1% to 1.5% of existing stock on average across our West Coast markets, which we expect will lead to a favorable supply/demand dynamic in the coming quarters. Lastly, our Sunbelt markets, which comprise roughly 25% of our NOI, continue to lag our coastal markets on an absolute basis due to elevated levels of new supply. Positively, this supply has been met with demand and strong absorption. First quarter weighted average occupancy for the Sunbelt was 97.1%. Blended lease rate growth was negative 2.5%, and year-over-year same-store revenue growth was slightly positive, which is in line with our original expectations for the region. Among our Sunbelt markets, Tampa and Orlando are performing the best. To conclude, we delivered strong first quarter 2025 results. Same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth were all better than expectations and near the high end of their respective full year guidance ranges. The near-term operating environment presents some uncertainties, but we have a track record of successfully navigating through bouts of volatility. Our diversified portfolio dedicated associates and continued innovation enable us to tactically adjust our operating strategy to maximize revenue and NOI growth, while we further expand our operating margin over time. I thank our teams for their ability to deliver operating excellence and improve how the industry conducts business. I will now turn over the call to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our first quarter results, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Our first quarter FFO as adjusted per share, up $0.61, achieved the midpoint of our previously provided guidance and was supported by same-store growth that exceeded our expectations. The modest sequential FFOA per share decline occurred as expected and was driven by the following: a $0.01 decrease from same-store NOI, primarily due to higher sequential expenses attributable to normal seasonal trends, a $0.005 decrease from G&A which is also due to seasonality and the timing of associate compensation increases and a $0.005 decrease from lower debt and preferred equity investment balances and accruals. Looking ahead, our second quarter FFOA per share guidance range is $0.61 to $0.63. The $0.62 midpoint represents a $0.01 or 1.5% sequential increase and is driven by same-store NOI growth and additional lease-up NOI from recently developed communities. Next, a transactions and capital markets update. First, during the quarter, we completed the previously announced sales of two apartment communities in the New York Metro area for aggregate gross proceeds of $211.5 million. Second, we commenced development of 3099 Iowa, a 300-home apartment community in Riverside, California with an expected total development cost of approximately $134 million and an expected yield of 6%. We continue to evaluate additional development starts for late 2025 and early 2026. Third, we increased our investment in 1300 Fairmount, a 478-home apartment community in Philadelphia by acquiring the senior loan from the lender for $114.5 million. This action brings UDR’s total investment in the property to $183.2 million. And by acquiring the senior loan, UDR has more control over the investment and the future performance of the community. And fourth, subsequent to quarter-end, we fully funded a $13 million preferred equity investment at a 12% rate of return on a stabilized apartment community located in the San Francisco Metro Area as part of a recapitalization. Positive property level cash flow allows for approximately two-thirds of our contractual return to be paid current in cash. Finally, our investment-grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first, we have more than $1 billion of liquidity as of March 31. Second, we have only $535 million or 9% of total consolidated debt and approximately 2.5% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2026 – thereby reducing refinancing risk. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best three-year liquidity outlook in the sector, and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 3.4%. And third, our leverage metrics remain strong. Debt-to-enterprise value was just 27% at quarter-end, while net debt-to-EBITDAre was 5.7x. In all, our balance sheet and liquidity remain in excellent shape. We remain opportunistic in our capital deployment, and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to drive long-term accretion. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe from Citibank. Please go ahead.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. It’s Nick Joseph here with Eric. Just wondering if you can talk about your confidence in the ability to see rent trends pick up in the second half relative to the first half as implied with guidance, just given the macro uncertainty and what you are seeing – or what we’re seeing with the consumer?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hey Nick, maybe I’ll kick it off. I guess, I would start first with the macro environment in terms of some of the tailwinds that we’ve talked about in the past. So as I talked about, supply is down about 20% year-over-year from 2024 to 2025 and that really continues to decelerate from 1Q all the way through 4Q. So we continue to see pressure from that front continuing to decline, so concessionary environment remains stable. We’re seeing good pricing power in terms of the ability to push up rents, still seeing good traffic. So everything we see today looks good. That forward trend with supply coming down looks good. And then you have the relative affordability component combined with still pretty strong demand out there in terms of still seeing job growth, still seeing wage growth. So I’d say the macro backdrop was volatile and somewhat fluid. From what we can see today, we still think we have a good avenue towards that number on a go-forward basis. I think the other thing we’ve kind of talked about is, if you looked at the blended lease rate growth to date, and Mike can kind of get into it. But relative to where we need to be for a full year, it implies only about 3% blended lease rate growth for the rest of this year relative to the mid-2s that we’re putting up in April. And so we only need to see acceleration versus April of about 50 basis points or $12 per unit, and if we don’t see that the downside risk is relatively minimal at roughly 20 bps to same-store revenue on a full year basis. So we feel pretty good about the risk related to the guidance as well.
Mike Lacy: Yes. Maybe if I could just add a couple of points here. I think it’s important to talk a little bit about what we’re seeing in April. And I’ll tell you, the trends are strong across the Board. I think our strategy to drive occupancy up during the shoulder quarters really set us up for leasing season and you can see it playing out. But I’d remind the audience that we’re really focused on total revenue, not just blends, so we’re looking at how we leverage our occupancy, how we’re driving our other income initiatives. And in total, our revenue continues to look favorable against the group. But a couple of things I’d point out in April. We just finished the month. Occupancy was nearly 97% and our blends were in that mid-2% range. So we are on track to deliver what we expected during the first half of the year. And to Joe’s point, when we get into the back half, we typically have blends of around 4% just from historical trends, we’re only saying 3% today. So we still feel comfortable about what we’ve put out there in the back half of the year.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. That’s very helpful. And then just on the senior loan you bought on the Philadelphia asset. To the extent that you end up owning and consolidating that, what would the initial cap rate be? And then where do you think it could stabilize at?
Joe Fisher: Yes, fair question. So just a little recap there. I think everybody remembers back in fourth quarter, we took a reserve and moved our pref equity investment on to a non-accrual status. So in 1Q as the senior loan went into default, we chose to purchase that senior loan of $414 million. We did not actually recognize any income related to that. We kept it on non-accrual status. We did have to have the drag, of course, from funding that investment. So that held back our 1Q result a little bit. But as we move into 2Q, we expect that we’re going to be able to consolidate that asset and take control of that investment and get our operational team in there. And so that’s kind of the sequence of it. When you look at the yield on our basis of roughly $183 million, on a forward basis, we’re probably going to be about a 4% now that factors in some upside from getting our operational team in there, continue to see occupancy move forward, which is kind of in the mid-85s side today. So we need to see occupancy pick up. It’s a really challenged submarket. But we do think we’ll be in mid-4s in year one, and then we’ll have a path to get up to around 5% on our basis. Over the next couple of years, as we get some ops initiatives in there and see that submarket stabilize.
Nick Joseph: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith from UBS. Please go ahead.
Ami Probandt: Hi, this is Ami on for Michael. I’m curious, as you roll out the bulk Wi-Fi, does that at all impact your ability to push on renewal rents. So if a tenant is seeing a rent increase plus an add-on are they more likely to try to negotiate or maybe said another way, as we lapse the bulk Wi-Fi rollout, could you see more pricing power on renewals?
Mike Lacy: Yes. Maybe a couple of things. Just to set the stage with our Wi-Fi rollout just to give you an idea of where we’re at. We have rolled out about 30,000 homes at this point. We do have another 10,000 to go this year. I would tell you, we do monitor new lease growth, renewal growth, where we’re at with our occupancy. And I could – I would tell you that, that 4.5% that we’re achieving today is right in line with the peer average. So we don’t feel like we’re giving up anything there. And in fact, we’re seeing more of an acceleration on our blends as we go into April today. And so the rollout is going well, and we do not believe that it’s impacting our rents in any way.
Tom Toomey: Ami, this is Toomey. I might add a little bit. One, I mean we all realized high speed is, in essence, not an option anymore. It is a necessity. Second, given our bulk purchase of it, we have an expanded margin over the rest of the industry with respect to, we own a little bit of the action of the company. We buy in bulk in the markup. So it’s – we’ve got better margins on that aspect of it accordingly and I think better service at it. But Joe, you were going to add some.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I was just going to say, Ami, it’s not all that different from a lot of our initiatives that we have out there in terms of we’re trying to find win-wins for the customer and for ourselves. And so the win or the value proposition here for the customer on Wi-Fi is that, it is fully set up day one. So you’re not having to call your cable company, your Wi-Fi company, have them put the equipment in and come get it installed. You also have building wide or property-wide Wi-Fi. So if you want to walk down to the pool, walk to the gym, walk to the business center, you’re going to have it everywhere throughout the community, not just in your unit. And from a price perspective, we do look at all the pricing options and competitor options, make sure we price commensurately with the market. So we’re giving them better value, similar speed, similar price, so really good reception on that front. And that’s what we found we’ve been able to do in a lot of the other initiatives, whether it’s parking or package lockers and many of the others that Mike’s talked about in the past.
Ami Probandt: Got it. Thanks. I wish my building would do that. And then just a quick one on the San Francisco recap. What got you comfortable with that deal just given some of the trouble that we’ve seen with some of these other DPE deals?
Joe Fisher: Yes, good question. Probably first stepping back and just thinking about a couple of those troubled investments that we had within the DPE portfolio. I think you really have to rewind back to the vintage that many of these were done at. These were post-COVID type of investments that we’ve done started when we were running into delays from a construction schedule perspective, you had material delays in a number of them that led to cost overruns generally. In addition, the ones we’ve really had the trouble with have been more urban oriented. And so some of these urban areas, as we’ve talked about in the past, just have not come back to the same degree that the rest of the portfolio has. So whether that’s a couple of the troubled assets we had in San Francisco or the one in Philadelphia that we’ve talked about. I think there are some issues that historically existed that no longer exist today as we think about the go-forward environment. So as we looked at the San Francisco recap deal, you’ve seen us do more and more of these from an exposure standpoint or derisking of the DPE portfolio perspective, trying to do more recaps on operating assets. Where you know the rents, you know the income statement, you know the markets and know how it’s going to perform. So we’ve had less and less development exposure over time. This deal is another one of those recaps where we had a chance to come in to an operating asset that last dollar LTV is kind of in the mid-70s starting kind of in the low 60s. And from a cash pay perspective, about 70% of our income is actually being paid on a current basis. And so that helps derisk the cash flow and the accrual as well. So we feel really strongly about the investment that we made here.
Ami Probandt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Austin Wurschmidt: Mike, I just want to hit back on some of the acceleration in blends you’ve discussed and really which markets you’re seeing the most acceleration month-to-month. And just curious if you’ve seen any of the markets, I guess, hit a speed bump as you get into April and some of the higher expiration months.
Mike Lacy: It’s a great question, Austin. And from what we’re seeing today, it’s almost across the board, we’ve seen a little bit of a pickup from what we saw in the first quarter. So again, we were around 0.9%. And right around the mid-2s today. And I would tell you that the most acceleration I saw in the last probably 30 to 45 days is probably in the Sunbelt just in terms of what we’re seeing in Texas and Florida, we’re starting from a really low point in Austin, but we did see an acceleration of about 500 basis points there. So that gives us a little bit of comfort. But in addition to that, I’ll tell you, D.C. continues to do well. We get a lot of questions about that market. I think we’re around 3.5% plans in 1Q. And we were right around 4% during April. So that market’s picked up. Boston continues to do well for us on the East Coast. That’s a market we expect to be a little bit slower to start the year, just given a little bit more elevated supply. But that one’s actually held up really well, too. And then I’d tell you on the West Coast, San Francisco and Seattle continue to do well. I wanted to say San Francisco is around 4% blends, pretty consistent with what we’ve seen over the last 90 days. But Seattle has taken off a little bit more, and that market is running around 4.5% blends compared to right around 2%, 2.5% in 1Q. So a little bit of strength in all of our regions today. And we feel good about the trajectory.
Austin Wurschmidt: It seems pretty upbeat, but I guess when you look across the three primary regions, despite tracking ahead here to for, I mean, anything you’re doing from an operating strategy perspective to maybe derisk the back half of the year in any way you can?
Mike Lacy: A couple of things we’re looking at. And obviously, we’ve already sent out renewals through, call it, June at this point, we’re starting to price July and August. Our expectation is we’re going to send out between 4.5% to 5%. And if we have to negotiate a little bit more, we will. But we do feel like we have some momentum on our side. I’m starting to see new lease growth get a little bit better. In fact, it was flat in April, which is a big difference from that negative 3% I talked about in 1Q. And so that gives us a little bit of momentum allows us to try to drive our renewals up you’ll continue to see us, and we talk about this every year, drive our occupancy down a little bit as we go into that high demand period during the second and third quarter. It allows us to push our rates a little bit more and start to set up the back half of this year. So all in all, you’ll continue to see us drive our rents where we have the opportunities. It’s not a blanket across the entire portfolio. Every market is a little bit different, but we are going to get a little bit more aggressive as it relates to pricing.
Austin Wurschmidt: Very helpful. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Cooper Clark: Hey, thank you for taking the question. This is Cooper Clark on for Jamie. Joe, just wondering if you could talk about the yields you see right now across development, wholly owned acquisitions and JV acquisitions to your LaSalle JV and how the conversations are picking up with LaSalle, whether you’re underwriting more deals versus this time last year?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Thanks for that. I’d say, from the joint venture perspective, we are actually showing and underwriting significantly more deals with our partner there at LaSalle. I think we mentioned in the past, their capital partner had really been kind of on hold last year as they sat back and reassessed their overall global mates given their exposures and movements in the yen. So we really got the greenlight early this year to start showing them deals and moving ahead. I do think that by the time we get on this call in July, we’ll probably be able to talk about a deal that we’ve been underwriting and pursuing. And hopefully, we’ll have it closed by then. So I think there’ll be more to talk about by the time we get out to July. And I get four cap rates broadly, you are still seeing quite a bit of price discovery. I mean if you look at volumes closed just in the first quarter and even going here into April, we’re only slightly below where we’re at pre-COVID. And so while volumes are down materially from kind of the 2021, 2022, 2023 period, we are still seeing good price discovery. I’d say, if you’re kind of a main and main asset, newer vintage, good fundamental trends, you’re pricing well into the 4s, so kind of in that mid-4s type of range. If you’re a little bit more off the beaten path, a little bit older quality, less of a fundamental story, maybe facing some near-term supply yes, you can price up into the 5s. So there is some dispersion in the cap rates that you’re able to underwrite. Obviously, the levered buyer has not been there as much. So some of those B-quality assets still aren’t pricing as well as they were in the past. But that gives you a range of the cap rates. If you think about the development side that you asked about, you’re really still seeing the market try to underwrite up into the low to mid-6s for new opportunities. I’d say as it relates to our development pipeline, we started a deal out in Riverside in first quarter. We’re underwriting that to about a 6% yield. And so we’re trying to do a couple things with our land pipeline. One is go out there and get that activated. We do have a larger non-income producing asset there with our land pipeline. We’d like to see that get activated. And two, when you look at the starts going forward, we do have a couple others ready beyond the Riverside deal, one in Northern Virginia, one in Dallas that we think probably later this year, early next year will be started. So we’re working on a lot within the pipeline. But we’re not necessarily looking for new land acquisitions at this time.
Cooper Clark: Great. Thanks. And then I guess kind of just following-up on that. In the past you talked about being in more of a capital light mode with the development start this quarter more to come and then some of the LaSalle activity. Does this represent a shift into more of an opportunistic approach and is the likely funding here just going to be through capital recycling and dispositions?
Joe Fisher: Yep. I think I could probably repeat your question and give it as an answer. We are much more in the capital balanced or opportunistic mode at this point in time. So with DPE continuing to deploy there as we get payoffs over time, which we’ve had number of payoffs in the last part of last year and trying to forecast out what we may get in the future. So we’ll be recycling capital there. We think timing makes sense on the development side to activate that land. We continue to see supply come down this year, but also starts are down materially down into that kind of 250,000, 300,000 units per year nationally. And so as we lease up into that environment here in a couple of years, we think development starts make sense today. And then on the JV side, I think we’ve been pretty open. We do want to continue to grow that joint venture platform. We’ve got five deals under our belt with them. Hopefully we’ll have another one to speak to in the next 90 days and multiple thereafter. And so, we’re trying to be opportunistic, figure out where we can create value on the offensive side. And on the sourcing side it really is going to be disposition. So working that through our asset management committee and understanding which assets maybe are a little bit more full from a yield perspective, from a margin perspective, from a initiatives perspective and kind of been tapped out on that front. Maybe they have some capital issues that we don’t feel comfortable addressing or maybe we just don’t like the market or micro market or kind of asset location. So we’re trying to be pretty thoughtful on that front with recycling capital.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jana Galan from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jana Galan: Thank you. Hi everyone. Question for Mike. Appreciate you running through the improving blends from first quarter – to first quarter from fourth quarter by market, and then the only market though that’s breaking the trend is the Southwest region. So I was curious if you could kind of talk about expectations for Dallas and Austin. And if you think this quarter could potentially be the trough for new leases.
Mike Lacy: Yes. Similar to what we’ve talked about in the past, we believe that Florida is probably more of a trough and they’re actually starting to see a more positive momentum. And so for me, if I had to rank them, it definitely would go Tampa first seeing an inflection point, seeing positive blends in that market, followed by Orlando as a close second, seeing more momentum there. So could see positive new lease growth in that market sooner than say Texas or Nashville. Our expectation is Nashville maybe end of the year, maybe beginning of next year you start to see some positive momentum on blends followed by Austin as probably the laggard of the group today. And again, just remind the audience that that’s only a 1.5% NOI market for us. So relatively small, but that market does have a lot of supply that it’s going to have to work through. And our expectations are it’s going to be the end of this year into next year before we start to see that positive momentum, if you will.
Jana Galan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of John Kim from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Kim: Thank you. I also want to go back to the reiteration of your blended for the first half of the year upper half of 1.4% to 1.8%. I guess with renewals remaining in the mid-4s, I think that implies back of envelope new lease growth of 1.5% to 2% positive in the second quarter and that’d be a turnaround from what you’ve even achieved in April. So I just wanted to make sure that math is correct. I don’t have all the numbers behind me.
Tom Toomey: John, I mentioned in my prepared remarks if we can capture this 2.5%-ish that we’re seeing in April through the rest of the second quarter that puts us on the top end of that 1.4%, 1.8% that we said at the beginning of the year that we needed in the first half. We feel like we’re right on track there. And so as it relates to the back half of the year, we don’t expect to see much of a difference in the third quarter. It’s just going to depend by market, by region. But again, as we started the year, we’re right on track.
John Kim: Yes, I was going to focus on the new lease growth rate just turning positive in second quarter.
Tom Toomey: That’s playing out as we expected to. So our expectations were that we’d be right around flat new lease growth as we turn the corner into leasing season. And I’m happy to say that’s exactly how it’s playing out. Renewals again, staying in that 4.5% range. We may start to move that and push that envelope a little bit as we go into 3Q. But right now new lease growth feels good at that flat and ideally it’ll continue to move up as we progress through the leasing season.
John Kim: Okay. And the value add services on innovation, I think the last update was $15 million incremental this year. Are you still on track to deliver that or could there be upside to that figure?
Joe Fisher: Yes. John, hey, it’s Joe. We are still on track from other income perspective. So contribution coming from that, we continue to see high single digits kind of double digit type of growth on the other income light on them. So still seeing good success on that front. Mike and I went through some of the Wi-Fi earlier, still pushing parking, still pushing package lockers and a lot of the other initiatives that we have going there. And then obviously on the customer experience side, which really hits all line items from top line revenue occupancy to other income turnover expense to capital, still seeing really good success there. I think everybody saw, we were down about 300 basis points year-over-year on turnover. So having record low turnover here to start the year, which is doing a little bit better than expected. And so I’d say, everything remains on track from an initiative perspective.
John Kim: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Anderson: Hey thanks. So good morning there. So on the topic of turnover, this has been a recurring theme for you and for others over the past several years of declining. And I’m wondering besides the fact that you’re awesome operators, blah, blah, blah and keep people – encourage people to stay. What is happening outside of that, that’s encouraging turnover? Is 32% that you’re porting today obviously a good number, but at what point has become too low where you start to lose an opportunity to capture some rent upside. So I’m curious where we might go from here from a turnover perspective or 0%? Is turnover 0% the best, I don’t know. You tell me.
Mike Lacy: Hey Rich, it’s a really good question, and feel free to jump in if you guys have anything. I think for us, the way we look at it, and we’ve really gone back and I’d tell you from 2012 to 2019, our average turnover was just over 50%. And so we’ve made a lot of progress on this initiative over the last few years. In fact, last year, we were around 43% expectations, as I mentioned, earlier in the year is, we’re trying to get another 1% better. We’re on track to be about 3% better, and I don’t think I mentioned it, but in April, we were about 4% better on a year-over-year basis. So it continues to look really good. But to your point, I think for us, it’s more of a transformational shift away from that transactional focus, and we are more focused on that lifetime value of the rest [ph]. So understanding who’s been with us the longest? Who’s paying more rent than others? What kind of interactions that we have with these individuals? And just trying to change that trajectory, if you will. And so the teams I mean at this point, they’ve got the tools. They’ve got the training, the resources. They know how to electrify these bad experiences, if you will, and it’s leading to a positive impact across turnover, pricing, occupancy, other income expenses and ultimately are margin. So we’re leaning into it. It’s playing out and we’re excited about what’s to come – I think for this year we’ve mentioned it in the past, but we are looking to allocate more capital to try to solve those problems that we’ve identified that are recurring and across properties if you will, and that issues have moved in. It’s callback tickets, it’s backlog of issues across the property. We’re solving those things, and we’re seeing it play out in our numbers. And in addition to that, I’m happy to say, we’re about halfway through rolling out funnel, our new CRM. We’ve got half the markets done. We expect to be done by the end of May with that. We believe that that’s going to make us more efficient as it relates to working with our residents as well. So we think there’s more to come here, and we’re excited about what the future has in store.
Tom Toomey: Rich, this is Toomey. A couple of points of emphasis, and I’ll make sure to pass it on to the rest of the operating team that they’re really good at blah, blah, blah. But in all seriousness. So you have to think about – we set out to change how the industry does the business, and it shows up in a lot of different metrics. And I know that people isolate on blends or they isolate on turnover, it really just comes down to total revenue performance, okay? And for us, you’ve heard us talk about a number of initiatives over the year from bad debt. We look like we’ve bent the curve there and it’s closing in back to pre-pandemic levels at 1%. That’s a heck of a lot of work to ensure we get high-quality people in the door. Mike talked about how we do tours differently, how we service differently, how we have fewer days available to rent. I mean every day that we do not have someone renting an apartment, it has lost revenue to us. So keeping people in longer, we run at a higher occupancy, we have more revenue out of that apartment community home than anyone else, and we’re always still trying to find ways to do it. So I think just focusing on the turnover, yes, it’s historically low at $32 million we’d still like to see it go down, but not at the sacrifice of total revenue. And so yes, we do, in essence, move our pricing dynamically to ensure we’re building a total revenue picture that is optimal. Sorry about that Rich.
Rich Anderson: I don’t mean to trivialize the extraordinary operating. I just wanted to get to my question.
Tom Toomey: It’s inspirational for them.
Rich Anderson: So the second question for me is, I did check your work and you have a history or tradition of not adjusting guidance in the first quarter, at least going back a few years. But I’m wondering, based on what you’re seeing today, had it not been for Liberation Day and all the disruptions that potentially could come from a consumer recession standpoint. Would you be – were you toying with raising guidance this time, if not for that noise? Or were you never really there? And the whole tariff issue really had no interplay into your decision to not raise guidance this time. Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Rich, I’d say, number one, precedent and our cost has really never been to raise guidance after the first quarter, which I think is generally commensurate with what we see out of the sector. Number two, the – we really do focus in on, it’s how we finish now how we start. And so while we are very, very excited about the start to the year, and I think all the commentary that you heard today, we are very excited we are trending ahead. There’s still a lot of unknowns. There’s still a lot of work to do. And so we didn’t really talk about it much. We’re feeling really great about the start of the year, and I think we’ll give you – hopefully, a really good update when we get out to July and 2Q.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Good enough for me. Thanks, Joe, thanks everyone.
Joe Fisher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste: Yes, I’m here. You think I’ve done this before, right? So first question I had for you was just on the overall mezz lending conversation, the environment. I’m just curious kind of what level of inbound? I’m assuming there are more that you’re seeing these days as some folks grapple with rates being a bit higher, maybe macro uncertainty. So I guess I’m curious overall, the level of inbounds you’re getting relative is that increasing? And perhaps if your appetite could be changing and that could be a source of capital deployment upside this year?
Andrew Cantor: Hey Haendel. This is Andrew. Thanks for your question. What I would say is that the number of inbound development deals is definitely declining from where it was historically there’s by far less of those type of deals coming in. And as Joe mentioned, those are about the deals we’re focused on. On the other hand, deals where we can go in and recap operating assets, that is increasing from where it’s been historically. But I wouldn’t tell you it’s at the same levels of incoming calls or incoming prospects that we’ve had historically. It’s still below that historical average.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Okay. And then one just quickly, I haven’t heard any updates recently on the CFO search, but perhaps maybe an update there on that if we can expect an announcement time mid-year, by the fall, just curious on where things stand? Thanks.
Tom Toomey: Haendel, we’re not focused on the time frame. What I would update since the February call, we’ve had a very robust response. We have a very, very deep pool of candidates and we’re now starting the face-to-face interviews. So I feel very optimistic about the position of Joe you relieved when we take one of the C-suite off of him. But, yes, we feel really good about it. And for us, it’s finding the right fit for the team and the future and our strategy. So we feel really good about the position.
Haendel St. Juste: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning out there and thank you. So two questions for you. First, Andrew, on the transaction market, I’ve heard different things. Some folks have said that deals have gone sort of quiet just because of the disruption. Others out there have said no deals are still active as long as interest rates are low. So just sort of curious what you guys are seeing overall in the transaction market and how buyers and sellers look at the disruption versus the 10-year that’s still relatively attractive?
Andrew Cantor: Yes. Hey Alex, it’s Andrew. As you said, there’s different feedback in the market on that today. And I think it’s very market specific and also very asset specific. Overall, I would say that most buyers who are buying today, so those who are executing are focused more on 2026 and 2027 after the current wave of supply has been delivered, but looking at those operating fundamentals rather than the current interest rate volatility. And then I’d say the other thing that we’re hearing a lot about is basis, right? What is the basis on buying this asset at and how does that compare to replacement cost? So those that believe in those two things, a, looking beyond the current interest rate and, b, looking at basis, those are the ones that are buying. And those people are still very active.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is the Riverside development. I guess not since BRE was around we hear much about Inland Empire. But just sort of curious your thoughts on executing a development out there versus investing that capital in an infill market or in a market that may have better cost dynamics. I understand that you’ve owned the land for a while. Presumably, you looked at trying to sell it, maybe you did, maybe you didn’t. But just trying to understand putting money out in Riverside versus elsewhere.
Joe Fisher: Yes. We – so like you mentioned, we’ve been involved with this project. I think going back to 2019 is when we first started working with what was then our partner on the project that we bought out over time. So we’ve had it for a while. We’ve been monitoring it as we’ve come through kind of some of the disruption in the last couple of years. We’ve been a little bit more pencils down on development, haven’t had much in the way it starts, as we went through all the available parcels that we have and continue to evaluate options on all of those. This was the first one that popped up that hit our yield thresholds and that we felt most confident in the ability to move forward near term. So I think I mentioned earlier, about a 6% return. And so the ability to get that type of return brand-new asset. It’s in a good market. It’s in a good location between Downtown Riverside and close to the campus there. So we think we’ve got a good location. It’s going to be a good basis on that deal. And so we move forward on that one. And I think we’ll have another couple of starts that we’ll have later this year that we’ll be able to move forward on.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thank you.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Alex.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Adam Kramer from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Adam Kramer: Hey guys, thanks for the time. Just wanted to ask about Washington, D.C. fundamentals. It’s an important market for you guys, like it is for some of the peers. So I know kind of seems like everything is still kind of performing well there, but obviously, headlines and news a little bit more negative. So just wondering what you’re seeing kind of latest real time on the ground there. And maybe in particular on the return to office trends, what are you seeing there? And if you could kind of describe what inning we may be in on the kind of return to office tailwind for demand? I think that would be helpful, too.
Mike Lacy: Sure. Adam, I’ll kick it off. Maybe I’ll start with a few points here. D.C. is about 15% of our NOI, and we are 40% urban, 60% suburban. We had a great quarter. Team did a really good job. We had 4.9% revenue growth. Occupancy was 97.7%, and I think I mentioned earlier, our blends were 3.5% during the quarter. And in April, we actually increase that to about 4%. So that looks good. Occupancy today is still above 97%, feels pretty good on some of the main blocking and tackling stats, if you will. That being said, we do watch a lot of different leading indicators just to make sure that the market still feels healthy. Some of those include canceled denials, notices, gifts, our vacant days are trending, traffic, concessions. I’d tell you, for the most part, they still look really good from a year-over-year standpoint within that MSA as well as how it compares to the rest of our portfolio. So D.C. is one that’s been strong to start the year, one that we’re watching very closely and again we will pivot as necessary as we kind of go through the year like we do with all of our properties in all of our markets. And so right now, it feels good. In terms of innings and return to the office, we are seeing a little bit more of that. I think that’s definitely helped us out to some degree to allow us to drive those blends of around 4% today, allowing us to keep our occupancy above 97%. And right now, concessions across that MSA are right around one to one-and-a-half weeks. So return to office is definitely helping out to help mitigate anything we’re seeing on job loss, things of that nature. So right now, D.C. is still strong.
Joe Fisher: I think maybe just two other stats that we were talking about previously was on that return to office piece, you are seeing ridership on public transit, up double-digits relative to where we were recently. And so you’re seeing clearly that start to develop on the ground in terms of the actual metrics. The other thing that everybody pretty worked up was jobless claims activity back in kind of February and March in D.C. you’ve actually seen that come right back down to a pretty normalized level, i.e., a pre-dose type of level. And so we’re not seeing continued elevation in jobless claims activity the last 30-plus days. So that wave is potentially behind us.
Adam Kramer: Great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Julien Blouin from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Julien Blouin: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. Just wondering what your latest thoughts are on the Boston market. It sounds like it’s been one of your markets that have outperformed your initial expectations. But I guess, like incrementally from here, how do you think about the risks from university and research funding freezes and cuts the headlines that continue to be out there about biotech softness? Just any details you can give us?
Mike Lacy: Sure. Good question. For us, I think it’s always good to bring that market. This is a relatively large one for us, so 11.3% of our NOI, 30% urban and 70% suburban. I’ll tell you, it has started better than we thought. The leading markets or submarkets in Boston today starts with North Shore followed by the South Shore and then a little bit more weakness downtown. Our expectations, and you can see in some of the supply numbers the North Shore should start to see a little bit more supply as we maneuver through the year. And so while it started off very strong, we do expect that this one will slow down a little bit throughout the year. That being said, really happy with that 4.6% revenue growth we had in the first quarter. and it feels good today. So we’re going to continue to lean in and drive our rents ideally run in that 97% range, and today, concessions are relatively flat to maybe half a week. So Boston is good.
Joe Fisher: I do think, too, Julien, just as you look at all that biotech noise or life science noise, when you look at composition of employment within the MSA, it’s only about 3% or 4% of total employment within the MSA. In addition, when you look at the supply side, while Boston is a little bit elevated this year, Boston is one of the better forward markets from a supply perspective when you look at permitting activity. So we think we’re going into a forward environment where you have less supply, you still have relative affordability very much in rentership favor. And while there’s a lot of note in headlines around life science, it is a smaller component of a pretty diversified and high income and high educated job base there.
Julien Blouin: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then maybe from your vantage point, having a more even balance of coastal and Sunbelt exposure, if the macro were to deteriorate from here and we were to head into a downturn, I guess, which of your regions between East Coast, West Coast and Sunbelt would be most resilient this time around, you think?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think it depends a little bit on the driver of that demand fallout. So where does that come from? Because we’ve seen the GFC, more the finance oriented as well as the mortgage-oriented industries take a hit, which had an impact on New York of course, plus a lot of Sunbelt markets in Southern California. We’ve seen the tech wreck having a Nortel [ph] focus. And so I think it depends a little bit on where the demand destruction in that environment could come from. I think the good thing is as we go into a lower supply environment and lower affordability, you still have an outsized capture for rentership. But if you look at historical volatility, our markets like D.C., Boston, Richmond, Baltimore, Philly, traditionally less volatile markets. Same as we get into the Sunbelt with kind of the Orlando’s and Dallas is being a little bit less volatile. And then normally have a little bit less volatility in Southern California relative to Northern California. I mean you can look a little bit of that as a proxy and I think that’s why we love our diversified portfolio. We’re balanced no matter what the cause of that recession may be, I think will be relatively insulated versus peers.
Julien Blouin: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ann Chan from Green Street. Please go ahead.
Ann Chan: Hey. Thanks for your time. Just jump back over to the first quarter results, can you discuss whether there were any unusual sequential drag from fee income or bad debt or other initiatives in the first quarter that should normalize later in the year?
Joe Fisher: Really nothing from an operational perspective is a pretty clean quarter when it comes to same-store NOI. I think the two things that from an FFOA level held us back a little bit. One was just some timing on G&A, which we expect to normalize as we go through the rest of the year. So, we still feel good about guidance level for G&A. It’s just a little bit elevated for a couple of reasons there in the first quarter. And then the other piece mentioned earlier, the buyout of 1,300 Fairmount loan, that DPE senior loan that we purchased, we did not accrue during the quarter related to that, but we did have the funding cost related to the buyout. So those two things were somewhat timing oriented that normalize going forward and help us on a sequential pickup FFOA wise into 2Q and 3Q.
Ann Chan: Great. Thanks. And on that Fairmount loan, could you share were just the debt service coverage stand today for that investment as well as the total loan to value on the property.
Joe Fisher: Yes. So since we took a reserve back in the fourth quarter, we reserved down to $183 million, which is what we felt third-party appraiser felt was the appropriate value for that asset at this time. And so that effectively took our position to 100% levered since we took a reserve. The debt service coverage is kind of irrelevant now because we have it on nonaccrual status. What I can tell you is that if you look at a roughly 4% forward return on $183 million, you’re looking at kind of $6 million to $7 million of forward NOI. And then more upside from there as we get it from kind of mid-80s occupied, up into a higher number on a forward basis, plus get some initiatives in place. So, I think that’s more the number to focus on is the NOI contribution going forward, which would be roughly $5 million [ph] to $2 million a quarter.
Ann Chan: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Alex Kim from Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Alex Kim: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. A lot of good ground covered in this call, but just wanted to go back to something that Ann mentioned on bad debt. It seems like it trended in line and mentioned earlier in the call that it’s trending towards that pre-COVID average still. Just curious on kind of the AI screening program for bad debt. Has that resulted in any incremental improvement that you’ve seen thus far? Is that Anything, I guess, related to that program would be helpful.
Mike Lacy: Yes, I’ll take that. I think there’s a few things there. It’s not just the ID verification, but it’s also proof of income. So, we’ve rolled out pretty much across the board at this point – We’re seeing it help with our bad debt, obviously lower write-offs. But maybe a few other things I’d point to is when we think about the people coming to the door and we’re looking at credit scores, co-signers, even the average deposits, we’re seeing better results, if you will. So as it relates to average deposits, our deposits are up 17% on those individuals that are coming through the door. And so, if they become a riskier tenant, we do have more money in the bank. And then as far as co-signers, they’re up around 1%. So about 10% of our applications have a cosigner and our credit scores are up 20 points. So we’re around 730 versus right around 710 previously. Overall, it’s starting to pay dividends. And again, we’ve rolled it out across the portfolio, and we expect it to continue to work well for us as we maneuver through the leasing season, if you will.
Joe Fisher: And Alex, this is Joe. Just a little bit on the results from an AR and bad debt perspective in the quarter plus go-forward potential. So, you’ll see on Attachment 3. We do have our net bad debt reserve continuing to decline. And so, we’re seeing a good trend on that front. We’re seeing AR continue to come down. We’re also seeing fewer of the large balance long-term delinquents. So we’re having more success trying to get individuals out a little bit sooner. We still have a lot of delays in terms of court processes and affection time lines, but on the margin, getting a little bit better on that front. And then that trend of pre-COVID, we’re right now, plus or minus 100 basis points of net bad debt expense pre-COVID probably 40 or 50 basis points. So, we still think there’s a huge opportunity here as we roll out some of these AI platforms from a screening perspective that Mike talked about. That incremental 50 bps is worth plus or minus another $9 million on top line, but then all the other implications to expenses and term costs, occupancy, et cetera, is another probably $9 million. So just to get back to pre-COVID you still have another $15 million to $20 million of bottom-line cash flow opportunity. So, we are laser focused on making sure we get those rollouts done, making sure we get the right residents into our communities.
Alex Kim: Got it. That’s helpful, right. Those kind of tangential effects are something that I feel like a lot of people are missing as well. Okay. No, that’s all for me. Thanks for taking the time.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Alex.
Mike Lacy: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to Tom Toomey, Chairman and CEO of UDR for his closing comments. Please go ahead.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, operator, and thank you for all of you for your time, interest and support of UDR. We look forward to seeing you in many of the upcoming events. And so with that, take care.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference of UDR, Inc. has now concluded. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to UDR's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo, you may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Thank you, and welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release, supplemental disclosure package and related investor presentation were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statement are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR's Fourth Quarter 2024 Conference Call. Presenting on the call with me today are President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer, Joe Fisher; and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Lacey. Senior Officer, Andrew Cantor, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. First, I'd like to congratulate Mike on his well-deserved promotion to Chief Operating Officer; and Joe for his appointment as Chief Investment Officer. Both Mike and Joe have been exceptional leaders, driven value creation and have positively influenced UDR's culture. As Joe transitions from his role as CFO, we have commenced an executive search process to fill this critical role. We are early in process and we'll update you as progress is made. Moving on, in conjunction with our earnings release, we published a presentation that highlights our outlook for 2025, completed with what we see as the drivers of potential outcomes. Our prepared remarks align with the presentation, and those on our webcast can see the slides on your screen. We will resume our usual format for the balance of earnings calls in 2025. Next, turning to Slide 4. Key takeaways from our release and 2025 outlook are: one, fourth quarter and full year 2024 FFOA per share results, net guidance expectations, while same-store results exceeded our guidance midpoints. Two, based on consensus estimates, we expect economic growth and apartment demand will remain resilient in 2025. This growth profile should be enhanced by supply pressures abating in the back half of the year from the historically high levels experienced in 2024. Three, ongoing investments in innovation, including advancing our customer experience project should continue to drive incremental NOI growth in excess of the broader market in 2025. Fourth, despite and elevated cost of capital, we are positioned to take advantage of external growth opportunities when appropriate. We will continue to utilize various sources of capital, including existing joint ventures and operating partnership unit deals to accretively grow the company while heating cost of capital signals. Fifth and final, our balance sheet is well positioned to fully fund our capital needs in 2025 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Fisher: Thank you, Tom. Topics I will cover today include our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results, including recent transactions, the 2025 macro outlook that drives our full year guidance, and the building blocks of our 2025 guidance. First, beginning with Slide 5. Our fourth quarter and full year FFO as adjusted per share of $0.63 and $2.48 achieved the midpoint of our previously provided guidance. Additionally, our same-store results meet expectations with NOI growth that was above the high end of our guidance range. During the quarter, we shifted to an occupancy-focused strategy similar to the fourth quarter last year and built occupancy going into 2025. Occupancy trended sequentially higher for each month during the fourth quarter, resulting in a 50 basis point sequential improvement versus the third quarter. As anticipated, this occupancy trend resulted in slightly lower blended lease rate growth versus original fourth quarter expectations but the right decision to maximize NOI in 2024 and place our portfolio in a position of strength as we enter our traditional leasing season. Thus far in 2025, we have maintained occupancy above 97% which is approximately 30 basis points higher than our fourth quarter average. Underlying market rent growth has turned positive sequentially and is following normal seasonal patterns. New lease rate growth has largely bottomed across our regions and renewal lease rate growth remains healthy in the mid-4% range. We are encouraged by these results. Turning to Slide 6 and our macro outlook. As in years past, we utilized top-down and bottom-up approaches to set our 2025 macro and fundamental forecast. Our 2025 rental forecast of 2% and was informed by third-party forecast and consensus expectations for a variety of economic factors that drive rent growth and our internal forecasting models. Among the positive factors are favorable GDP, job and wage growth, a continued decline in home ownership rate due to elevated mortgage rates and lower total housing supply. We combined this top-down forecast with a bottom-up growth estimate built by our regional teams as they best understand local supply and demand dynamics in their markets. Our 2% rent growth forecast for 2025 and is slightly conservative when compared to prominent third-party forecasters estimates in the mid-2% range. In short, our outlook is driven by stable demand set against declining multifamily supply while factoring in macro uncertainties such as immigration reform and regulatory risk. Turning to Slide 7. We remain encouraged by a variety of key supply and demand metrics that are supportive of positive near to intermediate term fundamentals for the apartment industry. First, at the top left, our residents' financial health remains resilient with rent-to-income ratios below the long-term average. Second, at the top right, relative affordability versus alternative housing options remains decidedly in our favor at roughly 60% less expensive to [ rent to own ], a 25% improvement from pre-COVID. This supports a stable to declining homeownership rate and absent a major correction in home prices or a significantly more accommodative long-term interest rate environment, we do not expect this dynamic to change. Third, at the bottom left, the latest census statistics indicates that the largest U.S. age cohorts remain in their prime renter years. This should provide continued support for long-term rental demand. And fourth, at the bottom right, while multifamily deliveries are expected to remain above historical average levels at the beginning of 2025, development start activity has significantly retreated and is down approximately 65% from recent highs and is now well below historical averages. This should benefit rent growth in late 2025 and beyond. Moving on to Slide 8. Third-party data providers are forecasting full year 2025 multifamily deliveries in the U.S. and in our markets to be similar to the historical averages. Based on development completion data, peak deliveries occurred in the middle of 2024 and should trend downwards below long-term historical averages in the second half of 2025. We are cognizant that there will be supply slippage as we move through the year, and that lease-up concessions could remain prevalent for a period of time after the pace of new deliveries abates. Where concessions move throughout 2025, will be a key driver to our ability to capitalize on our rent growth forecast. On Slide 9, we provide more context on which regions expected to feel the greatest impact from 2025 supply. The Sunbelt is forecast to face new supply deliveries to the tune of approximately 4% of existing inventory, which is twice as much as coastal markets. Positively, Sunbelt Supply is down by nearly 1/3 compared to 2024 completions, while new supply across our coastal markets is on average similar to 2024. Mixing this all together, we arrived at our 2025 guidance, which is sized on Slide 10. Primary expectations include full year FFOA per share guidance of $2.45 to $2.55 and same-store revenue and expense growth expectations that translate to NOI growth of 1.75% at the midpoint, which is 25 basis points better than full year 2024 results. Slide 11 shows the building block for our full year 2025 FFOA per share guidance at the [ $2.50 ] midpoint, which represents a 1% year-over-year increase. Drivers include a $0.10 increase from same-store revenue and lease-up income from recently developed communities, offset by a $0.05 decrease from same-store expenses. A $0.01 increase from interest expense due to a lower average debt balance, which mitigates the impact from the midyear expiration of certain hedges, a $0.01 decrease from G&A and property management expenses reflective of inflationary wage growth and a $0.03 decrease from joint venture and debt and preferred equity activities due to a combination of the following 2 items: First, a $0.02 decrease attributable to moving to nonaccrual status for our debt and preferred equity investment in 1,300 Fairmount located in Philadelphia, which we previously disclosed. And second, a $0.01 decrease attributable to the pending sale of the company affiliated with a one-off technology investment. Should the transaction occur, UDR's $43 million of notes receivable that earn 12% interest would be converted into equity of the acquiring company. We are excited that the company we chose to support and help build is expected to be acquired by an industry leader and exchanging our notes for equity is the prudent long-term economic decision. We have received various inquiries pertaining to the risk in our debt and preferred equity book. So here are important considerations to help provide transparency. 1,300 Fairmount was our largest investment risk. And by moving that investment to nonaccrual status and taking a reserve, we believe we have largely derisked this book of business. There remain 2 investments on our watchlist, totaling approximately $40 million, which would represent $0.01 or less than 0.5% of FFOA per share in the event of nonaccrual. However, for these investments, we have been encouraged by their recent operating trajectories and the senior loans for each do not mature until mid-2026. Moving on to Slide 12. And specific to the first quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.60 to $0.62 or an approximately 3% sequential decrease at the $0.61 midpoint. This is driven by a $0.01 decrease from same-store NOI, primarily due to higher expenses attributable to normal seasonal trends and a $0.01 decrease from a lower debt and preferred equity investment balance due to recent pay downs and the aforementioned tech investment. Last, on Slide 13, we provide our debt maturity schedule and liquidity. Only 10% of our total consolidated debt matures through 2026, and thereby reducing future refinancing risk. Combined with more than $1 billion of liquidity, the $211 million of proceeds from our recently completed first quarter property dispositions, minimal committed capital and strong free cash flow, our balance sheet sits in an excellent position. In all, our balance sheet and liquidity remain in excellent shape. We remain opportunistic in our capital deployment, and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to drive long-term accretion. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Lacy: Thanks, Joe. Today, I'll cover the following topics. How our 2024 results and other drivers factored into the building blocks of our full year 2025 same-store revenue growth guidance. an update on our various innovation initiatives, expectations for operating trends across our regions and our 2025 outlook for same-store expense growth. Turning to Slide 14. The primary building block of our 2025 same-store revenue growth guidance include our embedded earn-in from 2024 lease rate growth. Our blended lease rate growth expectations for full year 2025 and contributions from our innovation and other operating initiatives. Starting with our 2025 earn-in of 60 basis points, which is about half of our historical average and in line with our earn-in from a year ago. The 50 basis point sequential increase in average occupancy we achieved during the fourth quarter of 2024, led to slightly lower blended rate growth and resulted in earning towards the lower end of the range that I spoke to on our third quarter earnings call. We believe this was a prudent operating strategy that will position us well as 2025 progresses. Next, portfolio blended lease rate growth is forecast to be approximately 2.5% in 2025. This is 100 basis points higher than what we achieved in 2024 which matches our expectations for year-over-year rent growth improvement. We expect blends will be lighter through the first half of 2025 before improving during the second half of the year as supply pressures lessen. This dynamic, if accurate, means that blended rate growth should contribute approximately 90 basis points to our full year 2025 same-store revenue growth and have a positive flow-through impact on 2026 earn-in. Underlying our blended rate growth forecast are assumptions of approximately 4% rate growth in 2025 and approximately 1% new lease rate growth on average. Moving on innovation and other operating initiatives are expected to add approximately 65 basis points to our 2025 same-store revenue growth, which equates to $10 million to $15 million or approximately 7% growth for this line item. The bulk of this growth should come from the continued rollout of property-wide Wi-Fi, other property enhancements such as further penetration on package lockers, improved retention and less fraud. For retention, our guidance assumes that our 2025 resident turnover will be 100 basis points below that of 2024. Equating to approximately $3.5 million of higher cash flow. This improvement should be driven by our proprietary customer experience project, which helps us improve our residents' experience throughout their time with UDR. Thereby increasing their probability of renewal. Today, our efforts have resulted in higher resident retention on a year-over-year basis for 21 consecutive months. We continue to enhance how we measure, map and orchestrate the customer experience, which we believe will drive further year-over-year improvement in turnover and margin expansion in the years ahead. Last, we expect the combination of higher occupancy and reduced bad debt to provide a modest positive contribution to same-store revenue growth in 2025. Regarding fraud, recall that in mid-2024, we implemented a variety of AI-based detection measures, process improvements and credit threshold reviews to enhance our upfront resident screening. We have seen the benefits of these efforts in recent bad debt trends, resulting in more favorable results in recent quarters. Rolling all this up, our 2025 same-store revenue guidance ranges from 1.25% to 3.25%, with a midpoint of 2.25%. The 3.25% high end of our same-store revenue growth range is achievable through improved year-over-year occupancy, additional accretion from innovation and blended lease rate growth that occurs more ratably throughout the year or at a higher level than our initial forecast. Conversely, the low end of 1.25% reflects the inverse scenario, with full year blended lease rate growth closer to flat, some level of occupancy loss and delayed income recognition from our innovation initiatives. Turning to Slide 15 and our regional revenue growth expectations, we expect the coast will continue to perform better than the Sunbelt in 2025, led by the East Coast. The East Coast, which comprises approximately 40% of our NOI is forecast to grow same-store revenue by 2% to 4%. We expect New York and Washington, D.C. to be our leading markets in the region, continuing 2024's trends. We are slightly more cautious on Boston due to peak supply deliveries that are expected to occur midyear, which could result in some pricing pressure. The West Coast which comprises approximately 35% of our NOI is forecast to grow same-store revenue by 1.25% to 3.25%. San Francisco, Seattle and Orange County are expected to produce upper tier growth, while Monterey Peninsula is forecast to be softer, some of which is due to recently enacted rent control. Last, our Sunbelt markets, which comprise roughly 25% of our NOI, our forecast to have same-store revenue growth of flat to positive 2%. Austin and Nashville will continue to face elevated new supply in 2025, which should limit our pricing power for the third consecutive year. On a relative basis, we expect Tampa and Orlando to be leaders among our -- some markets. Moving on. As shown on Slide 16, we expect 2025 same-store expense growth of 3.5% at the midpoint. This is primarily driven by growth in real estate taxes, personnel and administrative and marketing costs. While only 5% of total expenses, insurance expense growth of negative 4.5% to negative 6.5% reflects the benefit of the pricing we negotiated on our policy renewal in December and our deployment of targeted CapEx. To conclude, as summarized on Slide 17, we delivered strong fourth quarter and full year 2024 results. Same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth were all better than the midpoint of our guidance and same-store NOI growth exceeded the high end of our range. The near-term operating environment presents some challenges, but we have successfully navigated through historically high levels of new supply and fundamentals suggest an attractive growth outlook with 2025 same-store NOI growth expected to accelerate compared to our 2024 results. We continue to innovate with the intention of increasing the growth, improving resident retention and further extending our operating margin over time. I thank our teams for their collaboration, which drives innovation and superior results. We are positioned to take advantage of external growth opportunities when appropriate. We will continue to utilize various sources of capital, including existing joint ventures and operating partnership unit deals to accretively grow the company while heating cost of capital signals. And our unique approach to portfolio strategy, operating excellence and continued innovation has created a company that is a full cycle investment and one that we believe maximizes value creation for our stakeholders, regardless of the economic environment. Finally, I give special thanks to our teams in Southern California for their efforts during the recent wildfires that resulted in no damage to our properties and our teams across the country for their actions during the most recent polar vortex that brought brutally cold weather and even snow to southern states from Texas to Florida. I'm proud of the preparations you took to ensure the safety of our residents and fellow associates. And the difference you have made to the cities, communities and families affected by these events. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question today is from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Nicholas Yulico: First question is just in terms of the guidance, helpful all the details on markets and on same-store revenue. Can you just give us a feel, though, in terms of blended rate growth how that could trend through the year for the different markets, particularly as you think about sort of Sunbelt versus the rest of the portfolio? Is there more of a kind of convergence on blended rent growth on the regions as you get into the back half of the year?
Michael Lacy: Nick, it's Mike. I'll take that. I think, first and foremost, maybe starting high level with a total company just as it relates to that 2.5%. I think, first of all, it starts with our strategy. Obviously, you've heard us talk about this over the last 6 to 9 months really driving our occupancy up during a period of time where expirations are low. And given the fact that we've had historically low turnover, that allowed us to drive occupancy to about [ 96.8 ] during the quarter. Happy to report today, it's closer to [ 97 to 97.2 ] and so that's giving us a lot of tailwinds to be able to drive our rents as we move forward. But as you think about that 2.5%, it's important to think about the cadence of it. And so in the first half of the year, our expectations as we continue to deal with elevated supply it's around 1.4% to 1.8% growth. And then when we get into the back half of the year, closer to about [ 2.8% ] to 3.2%. So again, first half of the year, call it, [ 1.6% ] at the midpoint. That is right where we landed for 2024 in the first half. In the second half of the year, that 3%. It's still about 70 to 90 basis points lower than the pre-COVID average. And so we do have seasonality built into that number. We expect 3Q would be higher than 4Q, but again, it is lower than most pre-COVID norms. Specific to the regions, I think it's probably good to start on Page 15, where we were able to go through just some of the expectations around the different regions. For us, what we expect is obviously a higher earn-in for places like the Coast, East Coast being higher than the West Coast. Right now, we think earn-in is 1.3 for the East. about 80 bps for the West Coast and then we were negative 1 for the Sunbelt. Specific to the blends though, Coast is looking very similar to what we achieved in 2024. Our expectations are blends will be roughly around 2.5% to 3% on the East. It's going to be about a 1 to 1.2 contribution to our total revenue in that region. On the West Coast, probably closer to plus or minus 2.5% blends this year. And again, that contribution is pretty close to 1% as it relates to total revenue. And then as you get into the Sunbelt, blends this, we're thinking probably closer to 60 to 90 basis points this year and a relatively small contribution, only around 30 or 40 bps on the difference is where other income comes in. And so for us, we had about 8% growth in 2024. expectations are another year where we're expecting around 7%. And I've seen a lot more growth in places like the Sunbelt. So similar to 2024, expectations are, we could see anywhere from 10% to 12% growth in the Sunbelt versus closer to, call it, 5% growth on the coast.
Nicholas Yulico: Very, very helpful. Second is just on investments. And Tom, I think you said the balance sheet set up pretty well for you to get to -- decide to do more investments. I guess the guidance is for you to be a net seller this year. So how should we think about sort of where the focus is going to be on investments? And is there actually some sort of capital built into the plan that if you were to do acquisitions, you don't necessarily need to raise new capital and there could be some benefit if acquisitions actually pick up?
Joseph Fisher: Nick, this is Joe. Maybe 2 things on that one. I'd say number one in that seller component, that's really a byproduct of a couple of sales that we have teed up last year that happened to slip into early January. So those are really related to neutral funding for last year. So I wouldn't read too much into us looking like a net seller. That's more just a '24 issue and timing issue. As it relates to capital and deployment, I think you're going to see us remain fairly opportunistic on that front. We've continued to advance discussions with our joint venture partner, LaSalle and their capital stores, which after being on the sidelines for kind of 12 months as they went through a global mandate review, happy to report, we had meetings with them earlier this week, and we are back in action and looking to deploy capital with that partner. On the DPE front, as we've said in the prepared remarks and previously disclosed, we think we've really kind of cleared the deck on that front from a risk perspective. And so now we're back into normal course business and we had a couple of really good payoffs there in the fourth quarter as well as some effective payoffs this year. So we're focused on redeploying capital on that front. When you get into the development side, we don't have much of a pipeline today. But as we continue to get more optimistic on where rent growth goes in '26 and '27, we do expect to see maybe 2 to 3 starts coming out of the development side this year, included one possible here in the next quarter --  and then you got the redevelopment portfolio. The redevelopment team continues to hum and continues to collaborate really well with the operations team. And so continue to invest on the redevelopment side. And then I think lastly, while we haven't had anything announced recently, the OP unit transactions that you've seen us do in the past, we do have a number of discussions ongoing on that front. And so we'll continue to see what plays out on those, but we are definitely looking to be active and opportunistic here with capital allocation.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citi.
Eric Wolfe: You mentioned that were concessions trend in your markets will be a key factor in achieving your outlook. So could you just talk about where concessions are today and sort of where you think they might go as we progress through the year?
Michael Lacy: Eric, I'd tell you, first, it goes back to kind of finishing up on a strong note. So coming off a very strong 4Q. This positioned us obviously with high occupancy and our turnover continues to trend down. And so right now, what we're seeing in January, further momentum, again, occupancy above 97% today. Turnover in January was down another 500 bps on a year-over-year basis. And our rents and other income are tracking with our expectations for the first half of the year. And so we are getting more active as we try to drive our market rents up, and we're driving our concessions down. We're right around a week in January, and we're starting to push that down to sub-1 week as we move further into the first quarter. Concessions are coming down a little bit right now. And again, I think that's part of our strategy to drive occupancy now put our focus on driving our rents out.
Nicholas Joseph: That's helpful. And then I guess as far as the new CIO role, can you maybe just talk about the rationale for the change there from CFO? And then Joe, if there's anything that you're expecting to do differently in this role is the company's capital allocation strategy is going to change at all? Or if it's more about processes, just anything that's going to be different now versus before?
Tom Toomey: Eric, I think I'm always striving and the room is striving to get better. And so I'd start off with first as my prepared remarks, congratulations to Mike and Joe for promotions and assuming additional responsibility. As part of my role and the Board as well as the executive team is to push ourselves to get better and deeper talented bench. And I think this opens up opportunities under both of them to advance people's careers and their skills and ability to generate shareholder value. And with respect to the CFO, Joe has been an exceptional CFO for the company for 8 years. I don't want to say you get stale in the job, but you become a key part of our success. But I'm looking to say, "Gosh, how can we get better as a team?" And it opens up a slot. And I think with Harry retiring and Joe stepping in the CIO, working with Andrew and the team there. He brings a fresh perspective. I would expect us to continue to have a lot of success in the investment area and we'll commence a search for a CFO. I think it's a very attractive position and a very stable capable quality and team member for our future. So that's how I've been thinking about it, and the group has been always along in this conversation about how do we get better as a group, how do we get better as a company. And I think it prepares us that way. And again, growing talent is a critical element of our long-term success.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo.
James Feldman: Mike, I was hoping you could walk through the line of sight on other income a little bit same-store revenue growth contribution year-over-year from that bucket in the guidance. We're just trying to figure out if this number goes down as Wi-Fi rollouts move through the system? Or if this could say even or reaccelerate in the out years?
Michael Lacy: Sure. Appreciate the question, Jamie. First and foremost, just as it relates to other income, we have a culture and history of driving incremental -- in fact, we've been at this for more 10 years where we're not only increasing our -- do every year, but also driving those margins as well. So as we look at it, we've got about $60 million in max potential NOI to choose from right now through a whole list of different initiatives. We're looking at them. We're prioritizing them. We're trying to assess which ones we pull the lever on. And I'm happy to report, again, last year, we had 8% growth in other income it's going to be another strong year this year. I think for us, when I look at it, we've got about 11.5% of our revenue that comes from other income. It's approximately $180 million on our $1.5 billion and same-store revenue. And it looks pretty promising. I look at the Wi-Fi rollout, the package lockers, the -- amenity areas, things like that, that are really driving a lot of this line item. We look at it at about 60% of that 7% growth in 2025 is already baked. And when I say that, we've done a lot of the heavy lifting with the Wi-Fi rollout. We still have about 10,000 to 12,000 units we're installing throughout this year. But a lot of that income is coming from all the work that we've done over the last 12 to 18 months. So we feel pretty good about our other income line item at this time.
Joseph Fisher: Jamie, maybe just to add on to that, too, because we do focus a lot on other income as a company and obviously, within the investor space. But you've heard us talk somewhat ad nauseam on customer experience in the past. And you're seeing the results of that, of course, with turnover -- incoming down both absolute and relative. But that initiative is across all line items. So as we continue to do better and better on customer experience, keep driving down that turnover. It's going to enhance pricing power, enhance other income, enhance occupancy, drive down turnover costs, both capitalized and expensed. And so I do think you'll continue to see a benefit there as we really lead into that initiative, which may not show up in other income necessarily, but will show up throughout the enterprise. So just be cognizant of that.
James Feldman: Okay. That's very helpful. But do you think as we look ahead in the next few years, like at some point, does it become a headwind to the growth rate? There's enough still that you can keep it going for a while in terms of your growth rate?
Tom Toomey: This is Tommy. I think like a lot of things in life. It's a flywheel. And customer experience projects going to spawn off many more new ideas about other income aspects and our relationship with our customer because they're going to be with us for a longer period of time. So I think it's premature to kind of highlight some of those. Why? Because they're in early stages of experimenting and finding out what customers respond to and don't. But it is the cornerstone of how we can build out a deeper pipeline of those opportunities in the future to backfill it. Clearly, I'm with you, if you don't keep innovating, you eventually run up against your own success. I think the case here is continue to innovate, use data, use that aspect of it to convert to cash flow, if you will. And we'll find out where that margin keeps growing, if you will. But that's essence the long view of that customer experience project.
James Feldman: Okay. And then as we -- I'm looking at Slide 9 from the presentation, where you talk about '25 supply as a percent of existing stock. I know you've got the red, green and yellow bucket we're coming off of historic levels of supply and thinking about those red bucket. But like what's the number here where you actually worry about supply weighing on fundamentals going forward? Like are some of these yellow markets going to move into the red bucket or 50 to 150 basis points in '25 is just not something to worry about, and we really think you're kind of cleaning things up here in every market as we work through '25.
Joseph Fisher: Jamie, we're definitely leaning than -- if you will, as it was throughout '25. When you look from the green bucket of the red bucket, you do have pretty meaningful deltas and blended lease rate growth plus or minus upwards of 500 basis points, depending on which market you're coming in to. The yellows are in the middle. I think as you migrate throughout the year, and Mike started to kind of allude to this earlier, which we showed back where we give the regional revenue performance. You're going to see some of these red markets start to compress upwards relative to the East and West Coast markets. And so as Sunbelt supply comes down pretty meaningfully, while it's still at a high absolute level, it is going to come down pretty meaningfully from where we're at in '24, which we do think enhances pricing power throughout this year. Then as you go into '26, the part of the reason that the East and West Coast don't see that same decline in supply is really just longer lead times for developments there, more blended high-rise product being delivered, which has a little bit longer development cycle. If you get into '26, you're going to see supply overall frac come off another 30-plus percent, and that's going to be across the border in all 3 of those regions. So we'll gradually see fewer and fewer markets sitting in the red and yellow and more than [indiscernible].
Operator: The next question is from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Yes. Joe, I know you were out at NMHC, and I'm just curious what the discussion was like broadly around development. Everybody is painting this picture of '25 still a little bit of a transition year, high supply, but '26, '27 and beyond looks great. So I'm just curious kind of the discussions around new development and even sounds like you guys might want to start some new developments. So what's the -- I guess, the risk that everybody is seeing the same picture and goes to put shovels in the ground sooner than later?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Great question. I do think everybody is generally speaking, seeing that same view -- of the view of the future. as you get into that '26, '27 and you look at some of the slides that we put on here slide -- and prior to that in terms of supply deliveries. You're definitely going to see less supply with the backdrop of very strong relative affordability and hopefully still get demand. And so there is an expectation of outsized growth in those years, which obviously gets developers excited. I think the ability to translate excitement and a thesis on the future into actual shovels in the ground is a little bit more challenging. We have seen construction financing start to come back a little bit from the banks, so they are improving in terms of the availability of that capital. The spreads are still relatively high and kind of plus or minus 300 basis point range. The bigger challenge still seems to be the LP equity. And so can you go out there and raise capital to deploy into development to get those starts done today. So if you have the thesis, yes, I think a lot of us believe in it. Do you have the capital not so much. So not overly concerned about your point on do we see a big surge in supply. And to the extent that we do, I think it's more of a '28 issue. We still have a pretty good runway here for a couple of years. In terms of how it relates to ours, I mentioned kind of 2 or 3 starts potentially teed up here for this year. We look at the yields that we're going to have on those on a current underwritten basis. We're looking for high 5% to 6% on that capital, so full with those projects and moving forward with those.
Tom Toomey: Steve, Tom if I can. You've been through a lot of these cycles. And you know where we're at today, all the developers are trying to keep their shops busy and penciling a lot of deals. The truth is capital is looking over there and saying, why am I building if I can buy below replacement cost. So the acquisition market, sale market is probably going to heat up a little bit more in '25, '26 before the development starts to rewind itself up. It will -- there hasn't been any development where there's rent growth. So that we step back and look at it and say, it's a window where be prudent, but we think there's -- and it's a competitive window for acquisitions right now. Still get out there and see what we can find.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Maybe just quickly on Slide 16, maybe for Mike. Just as you look at the expectations for expense growth in '25 and there's some big deltas from where '24 came in. I'm just looking at like personnel loss was an elevated number in '24, coming down much more in '25, but real estate taxes kind of going the other way around. Just where do you see the risks on more slide? And how have you sort of thought about that in the budget?
Michael Lacy: Got it, Steve. I'd say, first of all, thinking about '24 and '25. And specific to personnel. Just a reminder, we had the cars refund that we had to deal with last year. And so our personnel cost expense was up about 11%. And that's mainly because of anniversarying off of that. Now we're back to kind of a normal run rate, if you will. And so when we look at our expenses, I mean, we would have been around, call it, 3.5% this year if we didn't deal with that anniversary. Things feel pretty good. The team has been doing a lot around all the different initiatives. We talk a lot about other income, but they've made a lot of progress in things like efficiencies and how we're utilizing technology, try to drive down some of those costs. And we're also doing things with our vendors trying to consolidate that. That's playing out in some of these numbers that you see here today. And so for us, it feels good going into '25, we ended on a good note in '24, and we're off and running '25.
Steve Sakwa: And maybe just taxes real quick. Anything there to speak about?
Joseph Fisher: Steve, on the real estate tax side, we did have some wins in terms of appeals activity that took place in '24. So it's taking a little bit higher up in the mid-3s. Obviously, we're going to be going after a lot of those same types of deals is really probates out in California. So we look to appeal down that initial number of 3.5%. When you look regionally by markets, to be honest, most of them are plus or minus in that range. I think the only outlier is really -- coming with up in Seattle, we were seeing values come down. And so actually, we're forecasting negative -- over year real estate tax growth there in Seattle, largely the other side, we're seeing rates come in higher in Boston, a little more tax growth there. And then out in Nashville. Also we have the 4-year reset that take place a little bit more pressure in Nashville. But most of our markets right now, we're thinking within that 2.5% to 4.5% range.
Steve Sakwa: Great. It's it for me.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector: Great. Joe, at the top of the call, you -- in your opening remarks, talked about lower supply benefiting I think you said late '25, please confirm if that's correct or not. I guess my question really is on the confidence level here. And how does that tie to, let's say, guidance, right, upper end versus lower end versus midpoint?
Joseph Fisher: Yes, we do expect to see supply continue to trickle down throughout the year in terms of the deliveries. And on Page 8, we have demonstrated for our markets, which you see it does trend down that really plays into Mike's commentary earlier on blends. And so our first half blend assumption being roughly in line with what we saw first half of '24. And then we start to see that blended number lift as we go into the second half, kind of peak out in 3Q and see some seasonality going into 4Q with a declining a little bit. That's driven across the board, but we did talk about seeing Sunbelt start to accelerate a little bit more as we move throughout the year as they do see a more significant decline in those deliveries. And so I think there's a couple of things that give us a little bit of comfort with that in terms of the higher second half versus first half. We mentioned now the decline in delivery activity, which should help. The other pieces are relative affordability continues to be strong. And obviously, demand environment continues to be strong. So lifting that second half blunt rate growth assumption up into the 3s, which is still well below what we were at pre-COVID. And we're kind of getting into more of a pre-COVID norm when we get into the back half of the year and definitely going into '26 that gives us the comfort on the guidance piece. I do think the other thing I just want to mention, too, Jeff, as we kind of think about this, if you go to Page 14 within the presentation, I'll give Trent just a second there to get it ready for the webcast. But Page 14, when you look at these assumptions between earn and blended lease rate growth, innovation and then occupancy and bad debt. In totality, we get to that 2.25% revenue number, which is basically the exact same as what we put up in 2024. And so we got some questions overnight on the 2.5% blended lease rate growth, which we're talking about right now. But because it is more back half weighted, you can see in there only a 90 basis point contribution coming off of blended lease rate growth. Typically, if you are in a normal seasonality curve, you'd have a midyear convention, that [ 2.5% ] would translate to [ 1.25% ]. So it really tells you that the revenue contribution is pretty typical with what we saw in 2024. So we haven't assumed a lot of acceleration in that rev contribution and the blends that they don't come to fruition in the back half more of a '26 earn-in issue instead of a 2025 guidance or revenue growth issue as most of these somethings look pretty spot on with what we delivered in 2024.
Jeffrey Spector: Okay. And then turning to the tech initiatives. I know you guys are always scouring for new. I'm just curious whether it's AI-driven or just new technology or applications you're seeing. Is there anything exciting on the horizon here that you're looking into?
Michael Lacy: Yes, a couple of things. I'd say maybe some people saw that we recently just transitioned, we're going to be implementing funnel as our CRM this year. So we're really excited about that -- it's important to it. It's something that's going to help our relation definitely to drive it. And ultimately, we think it's going to allow us to be more effective, more efficient with our -- central team is [indiscernible] and will have to focus on new ideas and not necessarily get bogged down on a lot of the back office. So that's going to be happening over the next 3 to 6 months. We're very excited about that rollout. In addition, some of the other play-based initiatives, things that we're using with technology. It goes back to what we talked about last year, just as it relates to who is coming through the front door, who are allowing to be a resident with us and making sure we're identifying bad actors, if you will, before the event of the doors. So things like ID verification, proof of income, just making sure that we're capturing that playing out. And if you recall, we rolled that out mid last year. we saw our occupancy come down a little bit as we started to roll it out. We feel like we've got our hands around it, and that's really starting to pay dividends today. And just to kind of size them given a few stats -- some of our more riskier residents, if you will, that comes through the door. Our average deposits are up almost 20% at this point. Our cosigners are up 1% or 2%. And our credit scores are actually up about 20 points closer to 730 versus 710. So we think that this is going to continue to try to drive our revenue and make sure that we have good revenues as we move forward.
Tom Toomey: Jeff, this is Tom again. If I could add just a little bit more. I think the key here is that we own our data. So the amount of data Mike could tell me how much we're accumulating every day on every customer interaction from prospect all the way to move out builds an enormous warehouse, if you will, facts to mine trends to look for responses that were missed and so it's not just winding the business model better. It's looking more around the corner, owning that data, what are better ways we can run the business to anticipate the customers position, a market position and then ultimately, how we're pricing our product to those individual customers. So I think it's just the very early stages I think the focus that Mike and the entire team has on it. It's always amazing every money we sit and go through where we stand and how much facts we know about where we are and where we're going, help us run the business better, faster, more efficiently.
Operator: Our next question is come from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Mike, I appreciate all the detail you gave across regions. But the question on the same-store revenue guidance, which assume some acceleration in the Sunbelt markets for a lot of the reasons you cited first half versus back half, but you do have deceleration assumed for the coastal markets, despite having a higher earnings. So I guess what's driving that assumed deceleration in the coastal regions this year? And could you actually see some upside given some of the positive dynamics being discussed on the West Coast in particular.
Michael Lacy: Yes, it's a really good question, Austin. I think it's important to point out, when you look at the coast, specific to the West Coast, our blends and our earn-ins are very close to what we experienced last year. And so not really seeing a whole lot of deceleration from that standpoint. The difference is going to come in other income in a place like the West Coast and the main reason is a place like Monterey Peninsula for us. We are now dealing with rent control on that front as well as we're not able to charge for our reimbursements if we don't have sub meters at those assets. So that's actually about a $2 million to $3 million drag for us in '25 and so if we didn't have that driving down the West Coast, we have about 50 basis points more in growth. And so our costs would actually look very similar to 2024. And then specific to the Sunbelt, it really comes back down to the other income growth again, which, again, we had close to 14% growth in 2024. Expectations are that we're going to have around 12% this year. Yes. And then as far as -- just to put a ribbon around [ Sunbelt ] Monterey Peninsula. We do have a plan to try to get back in there, get the submeters going, and so we can start to recapture a lot of that income we're going in '25 and that's probably more of a '26 and '27 initiative.
Austin Wurschmidt: That's really helpful. And then just switching gears kind of high level, maybe Tom or Joe, I'm just kind of interested in your view about a potential privatization of Fannie Mae and Freddie and just the impact you think it could have on broader housing market, transaction market and obviously multifamily.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I'm not sure anybody is going to make a very long living predicting what's coming out of Washington these days. And so I will just pass and let the cards fall where they -- they seem to have a lot of other things that they're working on before they get to the GSCs in that aspect. It's a very high functioning group. It stabilizes the market. I don't think anyone wants to see any of that disappear. And so then in whose hands it's and how it's run. I'll leave it to the people that have a say over that to speculate and deal with.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS.
Michael Goldsmith: How much occupancy are you willing to sacrifice to push rate in the peak season? And how much rate growth you need to see during that peak season to hit the guidance range?
Michael Lacy: Sure. I think that's sizes. So I think, first of all, the way we think about -- paid-off. 1% of rent loss approximately $26 per home. It's equal to about $7 million a year, you mentioned. When I think about occupancy, 1% of occupancy is about 550 homes at $2,600. That's about $17 million in a given year. So the way we think about it is if we lower occupancy by, say, 30, 40 basis points, we would need 100 basis points in rent just to breakeven in a given year. I don't know if you can capture that in the shoulder quarters where you have low demand. And so you've seen it with our strategy. As demand starts to pick up, we let our occupancy migrate down, and we're willing to take that bet that if we can't capture another call it, 1% or more on rent. But again, during the shoulder quarters, we think it's a prudent strategy to try to drive that occupancy up and prepare for that period of time where you can really drive your rent.
Joseph Fisher: I do think it's credible to -- Michael. As you think about your comment or question about how much are we willing to sacrifice. Part of that occupancy strategy is occupancy versus rate, but I don't want it to get lost on the group in terms of customer experience and a decreased turnover component. I think Mike referenced earlier the continued decrease in turnover in January, that's part of the surge in that occupancy. So it's not necessarily occupancy and rate trade all the time. Sometimes it's good customer service that just results in better occupancy and residents wanting to stay longer. So there's 2 components to it, as you think through it.
Michael Goldsmith: That's helpful context. And my second question is we've discussed the trajectory of blended rent trend, but maybe looking at same-store revenue growth. Is there any lumpiness in? Or is there any expected lumpiness of that through the year due to [ syncratic ] factors for either positive or negative?
Michael Lacy: No. I mean, for us, when we look at the cadence of growth throughout the year, expectations are the first half of the year is a little bit lower in the back half, maybe call it 2% to 2.5% and then in the back half. we're probably closer to that 2.5%, maybe reaching upwards of the 3%, but not a whole lot of lumpiness. It's pretty consistent.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets.
Brad Heffern: You mentioned a number of uncertainties in the slides. All of those are regulatory or political in some way. It seems like you don't want to predict those. I don't blame you for that. But I'm curious if you've risked those items in the guidance at all? And how much specifically with regard to dose and immigration?
Joseph Fisher: We have not. I mean it's why there is a range around our base case. And I think uncertainties could be both positive and negative in all of these. As you think about regulatory risk, there's the state and local regulatory risk that we talk about a lot with things like rent control or pet fees, deposits -- something of that nature. But there's also less regulation that we think we may see at the federal level both from a legislative and legal perspective, but also just in terms of small business formation, medium-sized business formation, which is really the driver of job growth across this country with over 50% of employment coming from the small business side. So I think if we see what happened in the first administration where you've cut some of that red tape, that actually could be a positive uncertainty in all of this. I think the same thing could be said about those on a federal perspective the question remains as to where they concentrate potentially some of their head cuts or entitlements or pork or anything of that nature. It may impact different markets differently. But at the federal level, it could actually be positive including for the interest rate environment. So we put a range around this to try to factor that in. But it's hard to say they're all negatives are all positives.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Got it. And then a question on the customer experience project. Obviously, everybody has been seeing record low turnover. So I'm curious how you're separating out the benefit specifically of that program. versus just how the broader market is acting. And then what sort of gives us the confidence that you can move turnover even lower from record levels already.
Michael Lacy: Right. Yes. We look at this in both an absolute and a relative basis. And so what I would tell you is going back to 1Q of '23, on an absolute basis, we're down about 3.5%. And on a relative basis over that same period of time, we've improved by about 200 basis points against -- the period. So we watch it against how we can have everybody else. Not just in the fact that everybody's turnover is down. And I'll tell you why we still believe it because we do have a ton of data. Tom talked about it a little bit previously, but it's upwards of [ 800 million ] data elements at this point, [ read a million ] a day. And so we have the team in place. We have the dashboard bill and we have dedicated resources that are watching every day, creating touch points with our residents and we see it playing out. And again, I saw it play out again in January. Expectations are that February is going to be another month that's down on a year-over-year basis. And this isn't even factoring in all the stuff that we have planned for this year. And I'll tell you what I'm most excited about is the fact that we're able to spend a little bit more on NOI-enhancing CapEx to try to drive problems down that we know are an issue at these sites that we do think will be the -- impact to the list. And then also the rollout of funnel, I spoke to a little bit with our CRM. We think that's going to pay a lot of dividends throughout the year, too. So there's a lot more to come on this front. We're still continuing to work on it.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: Here. Two questions. First, on the other income, you guys have certainly been on the forefront of growing different entities, the different services that you offer for your residents. But at the same time, we still talk about earnings growth and revenue growth based on supply/demand in the general apartment sector. So do you feel that these efforts are truly accelerating overall earnings growth? Or is it sort of a pie mix where you can either push rent or push these other fees, but the tenant -- the resident still looks at the whole on shoulder together. They don't say, "Oh, I can stomach a rent increase and then I can stomach these incremental fees."
Joseph Fisher: Alex, that's a constant source of discussion internally. As we think about effectively where we're going is the cannibalization concept of if you're going to pay more over in one bucket, are you willing to pay as much in the other bucket. And we have done a bunch of past work and studies on that to ensure we are capturing what we believe is the total amount of other income that we should receive while not cannibalizing rent component. Now I think one of the things that we do that's very helpful for the resident and gets us kudos from resident is all in pricing upfront on our website where you can go in and select your unit, you can pick what amenities or what other income items you're going to have, you can see what your utility bill will typically be. And so right up front, we're being very transparent, which is a rarity within the industry. I think residents appreciate that because they know now the total check they're coming in with. They're not surprised when they get through their first month of residency. And then when it comes to the deal, we don't have that in [indiscernible] I think we're trying to address it by being transparent with the resident and then also doing a check to make sure we don't cannibalize for us.
Michael Lacy: Alex, just quickly, these are also win-wins for us and our residents. And so when we think about this, like Wi-Fi, as an example, we are very competitive with our pricing. We're trying to provide a benefit that helps them out, it helps us sell. It gives them access to Wi-Fi across the property. And quite frankly, it helps with our self-guided tour process. So there's that -- I mean, things like reserve parking we're trying to identify spots that are actually better for our residents to make it more efficient for them. So a lot of these things we keep in mind how will it benefit them as well as us.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. The second question is on the debt and preferred equity business -- can appreciate Philly probably was done. But as you guys look at new investments, Are there any changes to underwriting or geographies that you would no longer look at? Or was the fill sort of an isolated one and these other 2 watchlists are I'm just trying to see, were there any learnings from these that going forward, you would change? Or this is just part of the business and it's why the yields are the way the yields are?
Joseph Fisher: Yes, it's a great question, and I think it wasn't fun. It's a very fair terminology to utilize and working through that. But I think we had any changes. When you look at the structure of the book, look at the components of how much is on development versus operating assets now. So we've continued to ramp up the amount that we have within the operating kind of recap side of the portfolio. And I think we're up to 30-plus percent of the deals now have a current cash pay component. And so we are pivoting a little bit in terms of the book of business. And then you get into the lessons learned component. I do think there are quite a few that lever time -- I mean from a lower loan-to-cost perspective. I think when we look at development deals going forward, we've definitely committed to ensuring that we're at a lower loan to cost than perhaps we were back during COVID years. I think ensuring some constraints to make sure these don't get as drawn out because when they get drawn out, while we continue to improve earnings, ultimately, it may put the equity partners back against the wall a little bit. More utilization of our marketing and analytics team. A number of these challenges are really driven by supply to some degree. And so we find high supply concentration, definitely negatively impacted rent and NOI growth profiles and therefore, ability to recap these investments. And then I think just the scenario analysis. We did not underwrite that during the COVID years of when we were kind of 4 cap or sub-4 cap that you're going to see a run-up in raise some borrowing cost of [ 100 to 200 ] basis points and an increase in cap rates to that degree. So in area of analysis to work through and ensure that in various scenarios, we do see the paybacks. And so there's a number of lessons learned and approaches to structure the book of business as well.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: Just going back to other income, the 65 basis point addition to things to revenue, actually seems a little bit light because it implies $10 million in revenue. Last year, you aim for $10 million in NOI. You're suggesting another $60 million that you're expecting going forward. Can you just comment on that? And also remind us what your typical margins are on the other income?
Michael Lacy: Yes. The margins vary by initiative, I can tell you for something like the Wi-Fi, we charge around $70 on average, and it cost us around $20 on average. So that's a pretty strong margin and things like parking, obviously, it doesn't cost us anything to try to drive up more reserve parking. So huge margin there. And then things like short-term furnished rentals, we do have a lower margin on that book of business, and we've been actively bringing that down over the last couple of years, just trying to make sure that we're achieving the highest cash flow we can. So they're all a little bit different. But for us, again, the 8% growth last year was very strong. And basically, to repeat that, we feel pretty good about it. Obviously, we're always looking to that [ $60 million ] in that number I referenced earlier into initiatives that we can pick and choose from and try to drive it higher throughout the year, which last year, we had a lower bar and we ended up exceeding it. I hope you're right. I hope we can do that again in 2025 -- those based on everything we see today, we feel like that seen is a pretty good number.
John Kim: Yes. Okay. And then Mike, you mentioned rent control in Monterey Peninsula, which is a little disconcerting because rent certainly haven't gone up that much. But can you comment on whether or not there's a vacancy decontrol components to that new measure? And are you concerned or are you hearing rumblings of similar rent control measures in other markets?
Unknown Executive: John, this is Chris. We can look at that a little bit further, but it does have to be abided by [ Costa-Hawkins ]. So there is no -- I don't feel that there's a vacancy control measure.
John Kim: And any commentary on other markets?
Unknown Executive: The biggest thing we're looking at this year, there's commentary out of Washington state. A couple of bills at the state level. Obviously, we're looking at if there's an agency legislation in California, especially at the state level as far as rent freezes, et cetera. Those are kind of the 2 big focal points, I would say, right now.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Julien Blouin with Goldman Sachs.
Julien Blouin: I might have missed it, but can you give us a sense of January blends and new lease rate growth by region? And also one of your Sunbelt peers was noting that pricing events in January felt better than normal seasonality. I guess, are you seeing that in your own portfolio?
Michael Lacy: Hi, Julien. You didn't miss it. We didn't give necessarily the exact numbers, but what I would tell you again is occupancy is higher than we expect it to end of the year, turnover is lower than we expect and we're right on track when we look at our initiatives related to other income as well as our blends. So we feel pretty good about January right now. And quite frankly, we're in February, and that feels pretty good.
Julien Blouin: Okay. Got it. And then maybe a second one. I mean, when we look at some of the really strong Sunbelt absorption numbers that continue to come through in the fourth quarter, on the face of it, it maybe seems even better than I would expect from current levels of job growth or migration trends in those markets. Do you feel that, that speaks to the pent-up demand in those markets from several years about this migration and job growth. And at some point, do we have to start worrying about maybe these high levels of absorption starting to deplete that pent-up demand?
Joseph Fisher: Julien. it's Joe. I think it's kind of 3 different factors. The first is we've talked a lot about the relative affordability component. So the total household formation activity this year hasn't been materially different than what we've seen in the past. But given the lack of new housing being built and then the lack of existing homes being sold, you've seen more household formations pivot over towards the rentership side, which we've talked about in the past when you got into the mid-20 tons we kind of saw rentership society take place given the relative affordability. So that feels like a multiyear trend, mainly because we don't expect home prices to come down and rates need to come down 100 to 200 basis points just to get back to a pre-COVID level in terms of affordability. So it's a little bit of that. And again, you are hearing -- homes of individuals coming off the couches and some get in other renter's basements. So when you look at younger age cohorts, you're seeing a little bit of that, which there's been a pretty high level of younger age cohorts living at home. And so you're starting to hear a little bit of that as they've built up their savings and got into their income-producing years. And then lastly, as you see more and more return to work and return to office, that does bring people back in and get them off couches at home as well. And so there's a couple of different trends that are providing a tailwind during the phase of record supply. As we talked about, we're kind of going more normal supply here as we move into '25 and decrease in '26. And so I think those trends generally probably remain in place. The big one will obviously just be what even on the demand from a jobs perspective.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Alex Kalmus with Zelman & Associates.
Alex Kalmus: First off, congratulations to Mike and Joe, for your new roles at firm, wanted to ask about your strategy for potential acquisitions this year. There's definitely more optimism for unlocked seller supply at NMHC last week and is there any upside to that acquisition volume from what you're hearing? And any particular markets that might be in focus at the moment.
Joseph Fisher: Hi, Alex. It's Joe. There definitely was a lot of optimism in NMHC in terms of not just the go-forward fundamental picture, but a lot of capital out there looking for transactions on the multifamily side. obviously continues to be one of the favorite asset classes out there. I think one of the best challenges, however, is that the sellers see that same dynamic. And so unless you're a force seller due to duration of funding coming up on the end of a fund. Do you have a capital event, such as a refinancing -- that you don't think you're going to be able to effectuate. You're just not seeing many assets come to market. And so the bullishness on the buyer side is kind of lines on the seller side though, that is keeping transaction volumes down where we're focused is, obviously, with our joint venture partner, LaSalle and trying to effectuate a couple of deals there with them. We're talking about a couple of different target markets, which we're still aligning on and making sure we work through. So I'm not prepared to talk about that right now. But it's going to be typically that 2- to 3-year-old product to a maximum is going to have a nice value-add component that we can get off to either our operational team and/or our redevelopment team to try to get a lift in NOI for on-balance sheet transactions, we will continue to look at those as well as continue to look at disposition activity and see if maybe we can enhance the cash flow growth profile of the company over time.
Alex Kalmus: Got it. Makes sense. And I know you touched on it earlier, but just on your recent partnership with funnel, are there any additional details you can provide about the partnership? And maybe more specifically, its effect on NOI or how it fits into the context of the technology and innovation initiatives you've been rolling up.
Michael Lacy: I'll take that. I think for us specific to the rollout of it, it's really going to help allow us to drive the customer experience project even further. And again, it's not the end all be all with how we think about innovation. It's going to allow us to really spend more time on all these other ideas and all the data that we have on the customer experience, how we can leverage that because we're not going to have to deal with a lot of the back office, pieces that we were dealing with because, quite frankly, funnel wasn't around when we started our own CRM probably 3 years ago. And so we've had a -- notion that for quite a long time. This is going to allow us to leverage a group that's done a really good job with it. And I'd say, in addition to that, we had plans around our online leasing process, our move-in process and something we call omni-channel just a more seamless streamlined approach to how we communicate with prospects and residents. So there's a lot of benefits that are going to come with this, and we're just now scratching the service. We're going to learn a lot over the next 3 to 6 months.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho Securities.
Haendel St. Juste: Thanks for hanging in there. Two quick ones for me. First, a follow-up on development. I guess I'm curious...
Joseph Fisher: You're breaking up.
Haendel St. Juste: My first question is on development. I'm curious how you guys are...
Joseph Fisher: We lost you again. Operator, can we have a jump back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question is from Linda Tsai with Jefferies.
Linda Yu Tsai: Just one. You said turnover would be 100 bps lower this year. It sounds like it's mostly from operational improvements. Are there certain markets where you see larger opportunities to reduce turnover?
Michael Lacy: Good question. I'd tell you, again, we put 100 bps into our can for the year. And again, just looking at January, February, we're between 400 and 500 bps better than the prior year. So we're off to a really good start. And I can tell you when I look at our markets, our regions, we're seeing a pretty consistent downward trend across the board. I mean it was pretty amazing to see just January was sub-30% turnover. I've never seen a number like that. And so it's pretty much broad-based across the country because with the implementation of our CRM, all the efforts that we have on the data we are backing in every market, every property and quite frankly, every individual resident that we have at the property. So it should be kind of broad-based.
Linda Yu Tsai: Are there more costs associated with reducing that turnover?
Michael Lacy: A little bit. This year, we're placing a little bit more of a bigger bet in terms of some of our CapEx spend. And so again, we're going in -- we've identified some properties where we've had just recurring issues as it relates to HVAC or water heaters or things of that nature. And if we can get in there and try to fix some of these recurring issues, we think that we can also limit how many people are moving out on a given basis. So a little bit more as it relates to the CapEx balance, but not necessarily on our OpEx.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Deutsche Bank.
Omotayo Okusanya: Perfect. Sorry about that. So just a quick question. One of your peers is kind of increasingly doing more in terms of just kind of like townhouse, townhome type product. kind of looking a little bit more like FFR products. I'm just kind of curious how you guys think about that as an opportunity, especially given you already in kind of some of the key FFR markets.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. Yes, it's a product I'm quite familiar with and have done in times in the past. And if you go down to our Vitruvian development in Dallas, you'll find that we've put up 85 homes down there on the townhome product, it only fits where you don't have enough density opportunity, okay? And so you look at long-term hold periods and you think about a site and where you would get the most cash flow. Density is always something we're striving for why it just gives us a bigger capital footprint and opportunity to grow. So it fits, it's generally more of a suburban farther out fringe product. It can be a lot of good Phase II type of development activity. So we're familiar with it, when we find sites that fit that template certainly have the capability to execute. Leaning in, I think we look down the whole risk reward grid of our capital deployment, and Joe's in charge of that now.
Operator: Our next question will be coming from Haendel St. Juste.
Haendel St. Juste: I apologize for that earlier. I had 2 quick ones. First is on development. I guess I'm curious how you're factoring in potentially higher input costs from potential tariffs, lumber labor into the high 5 yield targets you mentioned. And of the 2 or 3 projects that you were looking to start near term, how much of those costs are locked in?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. So you're seeing costs come down there for a short period of time kind of early '24, cost settlements have really kind of stabilized at this point in time. So in our underwriting, have factored in some inflationary pressures. We are out there on our first start out and bidding that out and trying to lock in costs right now. And so that is in process, piece of the project, the starts that could potentially be in the second half of this year. We've got estimates that they are not locked in at this point in time. So that's a little bit fluid. I think while on the tariff front, there's going to be a couple of concerns if, in fact, those tariffs actually stick and at what level. The lumber side of the equation would be kind of the near-term concern with the lumber supply coming from Canada. There's obviously other things like mechanicals and glass and things of that nature that may be at risk to depending on the origin source. The flip side is that as you continue to see start activity plummet, there is greater availability of labor. And so seeing what happens with the labor side and subcontractors being either able to squeeze out margins just to keep our people working  would -- and/or just seeing less wage pressure from certain trades. So there's some balancing back to it. But right now, we feel like we've sensitized at least the first deal to make sure that we can move forward with it.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Got it. And then looking at the 8 projects in your future pipeline? How many are shovel-ready today? And maybe how many could be within the next couple of quarters? Just curious how soon perhaps you could flex that potential pipeline up here over the next couple of quarters or so?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I'd say there's probably 4 to 5 projects right now that if you fast forward over the next 12 months, are either shovel-ready or could be shovel-ready. So some of them going through kind of the tail end of designs, and we continue to value engineer, see what else we can do to enhance yields. Let's say, 4 to 5 of those projects could be ready within the next 12 months if we needed to be.
Haendel St. Juste: And the yields would be about the same?
Joseph Fisher: Yes, that'd be about the time in the high 5% to 6% is what we're targeting.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Mason Guell with Baird.
Mason P. Guell: On the preferred equity book. Do you have any update on the [ 1,000 ] investment attrition -- year? And then for [ junction and notes ] maybe other [indiscernible] has there been any change in demand given the hire?
Joseph Fisher: Hi, Mason, I think we caught part of that. I think you were asking about 1,000 Oaks in demand for that project. if that's not correct, obviously, jump back on and if you could reiterate, but the 1,000 Oaks project has continued to see very strong demand. Unfortunately -- how the implications from the fires. And so we are seeing that. That project has gone from kind of low 90s leased and occupied a few weeks ago up into the mid-90s already and continues to see good momentum. And so that object is performing well in the face of what's an important circumstance.
Mason P. Guell: Can you give me an update on -- I get something mature this year? Do you have any update on that?
Joseph Fisher: What pace of the maturities?
Mason P. Guell: On 1,000 Oaks.
Joseph Fisher: On 1,000 Oaks. Yes, just it shows a shorter years to maturity that equity partner is probably going to be looking at a short-term extension on the loan just as we continue to see momentum on the occupancy and that side. So we do think that probably transact this year. They've got good valuation, good equity in that deal. It should trade very well. But I think they'll probably stand here short term to continue to work through what's going on out there in L.A.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the floor back to Tom Toomey for closing remarks.
Tom Toomey: Once again, thank all of you for your time, interest and support of UDR. We look forward to seeing many of you at upcoming events. And with that, take care.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to UDR's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. And it is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo. You may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR's third quarter 2024 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are President and Chief Financial Officer; Joe Fisher; and Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacey. Senior Officers, Andrew Cantor and Chris Van Ens are also available during the Q&A portion of the call. Our year-to-date results continue to exceed our prior expectations due to the operating strategies we utilized to drive strong same-store and earnings growth in tandem with improving industry fundamentals. As a result, we raised our full year FFOA per share guidance for the third time this year, while also improving our same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth expectations for the second time this year, in conjunction with yesterday's earnings release. Strategically, we remain focused on three drivers of growth that differentiate us from peers. First, we continue to innovate, which has added to our bottom line in 2024 and will do so for many years to come. This is evident in the results from our value-add initiatives which have consistently grown in the high single-digit range and added 50 or more basis points annually to our same-store revenue growth. Second, we continually listen to our associates and residents which influences our operating tactics and long-term strategy. The customer experience project is a great example of this. The insight we glean from hundreds of thousands of daily touch points with existing and prospective residents has translated into data on satisfaction. We use this information to orchestrate and enhanced UDR living experience, improving retention and lower turnover costs and capital expenditures. We are just scratching the surface and expect further enhancements in the customer experience project will support additional retention advantages versus peers, and drive future margin expansion and cash flow growth. And third, although we remain in a capital-light mode, we maintain an investment-grade balance sheet with substantial liquidity. This positions us well to take advantage of growth opportunities when we have an attractive cost of capital. We continue to explore various forms of external growth, including joint venture acquisitions, OP unit transactions and development to drive future accretion. There's also a variety of positive fundamental drivers for our industry. These include: first, demand remained strong. Employment growth continues to surprise the upside and income growth has outpaced consensus expectations. This has led to more than 450,000 newly delivered apartment homes being absorbed nationally during the first nine months of the year, which is approximately 50% above long-term average. Second, the pace of new supply is slowing. 2024 multifamily completion marks a 50-year high, but absorption has been robust, and pricing on lease-up communities has remained rational. Total housing deliveries through the end of the year appears stable relative to the third quarter and start to continue to decline. We expect the trend of lower starts to persist due to the cost of capital and availability of capital. A future supply pipeline that is below historical average levels bodes well for rent growth in the years ahead. And third, renting apartment is approximately 60% more affordable than owning a single-family home in the markets where we operate, the best level of relative affordability in two decades. These fundamental trends, combined with our operating tactics that have improved resident retention, have led to further revenue expense growth outperformance. Mike will provide additional details in his remarks. Moving on, we continue to build on our position as a recognized leader in stewardship. With the release of the sixth annual ESG report, which we published earlier this month, we detailed the leadership UDR has continually exhibited in setting and achieving various environmental, social and governance goals. Chris Van Ens and our sustainability team deserve credit for advancing our long-term environmental strategy. Collectively, our efforts have enabled UDR to become a more sustainable and resilient company, one that can thrive across a multitude of economic environments and overcome challenges head-on. Together, we have created a desirable workplace with an engaging employee experience that thrives on innovation and collaboration. To my fella associates, I look forward to sharing more success with you in the years to come. As a final thought, macro volatility, election uncertainty, the path of the Fed and their collective efforts on interest rates, the economy and the employment market are all out of our control. However, I remain optimistic about the long-term growth prospects for our country and the multifamily industry. We will continue to focus on what we can control enhance our dynamic and innovative culture and empower our associates to deliver attractive results that create value for UDR's residents and stakeholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tom. Today, I will cover the following topics: our third quarter same-store results and early fourth quarter results, including regional operating trends, and our improved full year same-store growth guidance, including underlying assumptions. To begin, third quarter year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI growth of 1.2% and 0.8%, respectively, were better than expected given difficult prior year comparisons. Our third quarter results were driven by, first, 1.8% blended lease rate growth, which was driven by renewal rate growth of over 5% and new lease rate growth of approximately negative 2%. Second, 55% annualized resident turnover was nearly 200 basis points below the prior year period and more than 600 basis points better than our 10-year average. This has enabled us to maintain healthy renewal rate pricing and led to more favorable blended lease rate growth. Third, occupancy averaged 96.3%, which is lower than our historical third quarter average. This was strategic as we implemented enhanced AI screening and fraud identification tools used by our associates to enhance the overall credit quality of our residents and mitigate bad debt over the longer term. Healthy levels of traffic and leasing volume combined with higher revenue retention enabled us to increase occupancy in September, and we finished the quarter at 96.5%. And fourth, other income growth was approximately 5% and was driven by our continued innovation along with the delivery of value-add services to our residents. Shifting to expenses. Year-over-year same-store expense growth of 2% in the third quarter came in better than expectations. These positive results were driven by favorable real estate taxes, insurance savings and constrained repair and maintenance expenses due to our improved resident retention. Moving on. Core operating trends have remained resilient in October, and key metrics have largely followed typical seasonality. First, October blended lease rate growth is roughly flat. On a like term basis, which excludes the impact of short-term rentals, October blended lease rate growth is approximately positive 1%, which is slightly below September results and follows normal historical sequential rent growth trends. Given the heightened volume of short-term lease expirations in the September to October timeframe, we expect the impact of short-term rentals on our lease rate growth should ease through year-end. Effective new lease rate growth appears to have stabilized from September to October in the negative 5% range, while we have continued to have success executing renewal lease rate growth in the mid-4% range. Regionally, the East Coast is showing the most strength with blended lease rate growth of approximately 2%. This is followed by slightly positive blends on average in our West Coast portfolio and the Sunbelt at approximately negative 3.5%. Based on current trends, we expect East Coast leadership to persist through at least early 2025. Second, resident retention continues to compare well against historical norms, and October represents the 18th consecutive month our year-over-year turnover has improved. Relative affordability compared to other forms of housing is a benefit to the apartment industry in total. Given the level of home prices and mortgage rates the average cost of only a home across UDR markets is nearly $5,600 per month. By contrast, the average rent for an apartment at UDR is approximately 2,600 per month. thereby creating annual shelter cost savings of $36,000. This disparity has led to a record level of resident moving out to buy a home. We estimate that in order to return to historical average of relative affordability between renting apartment and buying a home. Mortgage rates would need to decrease approximately 150 to 200 basis points, all else equal. Furthermore, with the success of our ongoing customer experience project, our resident retention over the past year has improved by approximately 200 basis points relative to the peer group average. This is a testament to our team's focus and execution on our innovative data-driven approach to customer service. Ultimately, improved retention should drive better pricing power, higher occupancy, increased other income, reduced expenses, lower CapEx and margin expansion. We remain in the early innings of capturing these benefits and believe the opportunity in 2025 and beyond is to capture $10 million to $25 million of incremental run rate NOI. Third, occupancy has trended higher to 96.6% on average in October, a 40 basis point improvement from our year-to-date low of 96.2% in June. Traffic is higher than the same time a year ago, and our 30-day availability is less than 4%, which supports our expectation of occupancy remaining in the mid-96% range through the remainder of 2024. And fourth, other income is growing in the mid- to high single-digit range, slightly higher than what we achieved in the third quarter. As a reminder, other income constitutes roughly 11% of our total revenue. We remain pleased with the trajectory of our other income initiatives such as the rollout and penetration of building wide WiFi as these contribute significantly to incremental same-store revenue growth as well as our resident experience. When considering these factors and more moderate prior year comparisons as compared to the third quarter, we expect year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI growth to accelerate in the fourth quarter. Turning to regional trends. Our coastal results continue to exceed our expectations, while our Sunbelt markets have performed largely in line. More specifically, the East Coast, which comprises approximately 40% of our NOI, was our strongest region in the third quarter and Washington, D.C. was our best-performing market, driven by continued strength in Northern Virginia. Third quarter weighted average occupancy for the East Coast was 96.5%. Blended lease rate growth was nearly 4% and year-over-year same-store revenue growth was approximately 2.5%. With continued healthy demand and relatively low new supply, we expect this region to be our strongest through the rest of the year. The West Coast, which comprises approximately 35% of our NOI, has performed better than expected year-to-date. Third quarter weighted average occupancy for the West Coast was 96.3%. Blended lease rate growth was slightly higher than 2%. And year-over-year same-store revenue growth was approximately 2%. Recent return to office mandates and increased office leasing activity in the Pacific Northwest has supported relative strength in our Seattle portfolio. While incremental public safety and quality of life improvements have led to improved leasing traffic and occupancy in San Francisco. Absolute levels of new supply remain low at less than 2% of existing stock on average across our West Coast markets, which we expect will lead to a favorable supply/demand dynamic in the coming quarters. Lastly, our Sunbelt markets, which comprise roughly 25% of our NOI, continued to lag our coastal markets. Year-to-date revenue growth is largely in line with our original expectations and is supported by other income growth from our value-add initiatives. Third quarter weighted average occupancy for the Sunbelt was 96.1%, blended lease rate growth was negative 2% and year-over-year same-store revenue growth was negative 1.5%. Among our Sunbelt markets, lease rate growth in Florida is holding up the best while elevated new supply is negatively impacting our Texas portfolio. While our Sunbelt markets broadly have more robust job growth than our coastal markets and absorption of new supply has been tremendous, it has come by the way of concessions and a deterioration of pricing power. Based on existing inventory, forthcoming supply and leasing activity trends, our analysis suggests pricing stability in Denver, Dallas, Tampa and Orlando in mid-2025. The timeline for Nashville and Austin are elongated, and we would expect supply/demand equilibrium in late 2025 and into 2026 in those markets. Based on our year-to-date results, we raised our full year 2024 same-store growth guidance for the second time this year in conjunction with yesterday's release. Starting with same-store revenue growth, we raised our midpoint to 2.2% from 2.0%. The 20 basis point increase is driven by: first, a 10 basis point improvement in full year blended lease rate growth which we now forecast to be approximately 140 basis points. Using a midyear convention, our updated blended lease rate growth expectations should contribute an incremental 5 basis points to 2024 same-store revenue growth. Second, we expect the combination of occupancy and bad debt to contribute approximately 10 basis points to same-store revenue growth, an improvement compared to our prior expectations of flat. And third, a 5 basis point improvement in full year revenue contribution from innovation and other operating initiatives. Moving on to same-store expense growth. We lowered our midpoint by 60 basis points to 4.4%. The improvement was driven by constrained insurance, repair and maintenance and real estate tax growth. As a reminder, same-store expense growth of 7.5% in the first quarter was elevated due to comping off a onetime $3.7 million employee retention credit we realized at the beginning of 2023. Absent this factor, we would expect same-store growth for the full year to be in the mid-3% range or approximately 80 basis points lower than our updated midpoint. Looking ahead, the building blocks for 2025 same-store growth are coming into focus. Based on our revised outlook, we are forecasting a 2025 same-store revenue earn-in of approximately 60 to 70 basis points, which is in line with our 2024 earn-in and is approximately half of our historical norm. We will provide 2025 guidance in February, which will address our outlook for market rent growth, occupancy, bad debt contributions from other income and expense growth. In sum, our diversified portfolio enables us to tactically adjust our operating strategy to maximize revenue and NOI growth while continued innovation sets us up well for further margin expansion. My thanks go out to the UDR associates nationwide for your steadfast commitment during a period of unprecedented new supply. Together, we've delivered attractive results and have positioned ourselves for future growth. Finally, a special thanks to our teams in Tampa and Orlando for their immense efforts during the recent hurricanes. You undertook tremendous preparation to ensure the safety of our residents and fellow associates, minimize downtime at our properties and promptly restored them to operable conditions. I have full faith that our people can continue to make a difference as we collectively work to return the vibrancy to these cities and improve the lives of many who have been affected by these storms. I will now turn over the call to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our third quarter results and our updated full year guidance, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Our third quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.62 achieved the midpoint of our previously provided guidance. This flat sequential result is typical between the second and third quarters when looking back at our history, and was due to nominal changes across NOI, interest expense and G&A. With our most difficult prior year comparisons now in the rearview mirror and a constructive operating trajectory in the year-end, we have raised our same-store growth and FFOA per share guidance ranges. Our updated full year 2024 FFOA per share guidance range is $2.47 to $2.49. The $2.48 midpoint would result in positive year-over-year growth despite record high supply and a more elevated interest rate environment. Since providing initial guidance in February, we have raised FFOA per share guidance 3x by a cumulative $0.06 per share or approximately 3% and have improved the midpoints of our same-store guidance ranges twice, which Mike discussed in his remarks. Looking ahead, our fourth quarter FFOA per share guidance range is $0.62 to $0.64. The $0.63 midpoint is $0.01 or 1.5% higher sequentially and is driven by same-store NOI growth, additional lease-up NOI from recently developed communities and lower interest expense. Next, a transactions and capital markets update. During the quarter, we executed several transactions under our Debt and Preferred Equity Program, which we have renamed from Developer Capital Program given the shift in investment and risk profile towards stabilized operating assets. First, we fully funded a $35 million preferred equity portfolio investment at a 10.75% rate of return on four stabilized communities located in Portland, Oregon as part of a recapitalization. The risk profile is lower than a typical new development project and positive cash flow allows for approximately 2/3 of our contractual return to be paid current in cash. Second, we received an approximately $17 million paydown on our preferred equity investment in Vernon Boulevard, located in Queens, New York. In conjunction with the pay down, we agreed to lower our rate of return from 13% to 11% to reflect the reduced risk in our remaining investment due to the development being completed and more secure positioning in the capital structure, and an increased proportion of the contractual return to be paid current in cash. Third, we originated a $31 million senior loan affiliated with our investment in junction located in Santa Monica, California. The proceeds were used to repay in full the prior senior construction loan, which was scheduled to mature in January 2025. This activity enhances cash flow to the property and better positions UDR to control future outcomes. Simultaneously, we recorded an approximately $8 million noncash impairment loss due to a decrease in the value of the operating community. Finally, our investment grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first, we have more than $1 billion of liquidity as of September 30. By extending the maturity date of our $1.3 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility to August of 2028, we have insured ample liquidity for years to come. Second, we have only $536 million or 9% of total consolidated debt and approximately 2.5% of enterprise value scheduled through mature through 2026, thereby reducing refinancing risk. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best three-year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 3.4%. And third, our leverage metrics remain strong. Debt to enterprise value was just 28% at quarter end, while net debt-to-EBITDAre was 5.6x, which is approximately half of a turn better versus pre-COVID levels. In all, our balance sheet and liquidity remain in excellent shape. We remain opportunistic in our capital deployment, and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to drive long-term accretion. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Feldman: I appreciate all the color on other income and some of the initiatives you have on improving tenant credit. But as we think about '25 and think about what growth contributed to '24 or what other income contributed to '24 growth, do you think it will be the same, more or less, as we build out our thoughts on '25? I know you talked about a multiyear view, but just in terms of the specific growth rate, what do you think you could do?
Mike Lacy: Jamie, it's Mike. I'll tell you first, when you think about 3Q, that 5% number was a little bit lower than we expected. I can tell you going into October and for the rest of the year, we're back in that plus or minus 8% range and a lot of that's around the success of the initiatives that we're rolling out. And so, as we move into next year, my anticipation is that it's actually going to be pretty similar. I'd say in that 70% range again. And a lot of that has to do with the initiatives around WiFi rollout, the success that we're having there. And just to size it, we had about $5 million in NOI from the initiative in 2024, my expectation right now is that's going to be close to double that number next year. So that alone is a big initiative for us as it relates to other income.
Joe Fisher: Jamie, Joe. Just maybe one other thing to add there because I do think we've always been known for our ability to drive other income to a higher growth rate than the rest of the portfolio. But when you do look at a couple of our big initiatives out there, Mike mentioned one with WiFi. But to the other biggest initiatives we have going on, both customer experience and fraud prevention, these have material bottom line impacts, but probably won't show up to the same degree in other income. And so, while other income gets a lot of focus, we do think customer experience between increasing retention and occupancy, pricing power, lowering turn costs, kind of the same thing with fraud, with keeping some bad actors out of the front door, having an impact on a multitude of line items. You'll see it be a little bit more dispersed in terms of where we're focusing our initiative efforts right now versus just other income. So just keep that in mind on a go-forward basis, too.
Jamie Feldman: That's very helpful. And then, I guess, as we think about the debt and preferred equity book, I know you said you had some redemptions. How do we think about '25? Like do you think you'll be able to maintain the balance? Do you think that you'll have more redemptions than ads you think or vice versa? Just trying to think about the impact on the growth rate there.
Joe Fisher: I think you'll probably see us be able to plus or minus maintain it. It can be a little bit, I guess, episodic from period to period. You can see it come down for a quarter, back up for another quarter, but we do have a good number of opportunities that we continue to evaluate. They are primarily on the operating recap side. And you saw us rename that part of the platform here in the quarter to just Debt and Preferred Equity Program as we continue to see that shift from just funding development assets to more operating assets. So, I think you'll see some payoffs as we go into next year. And as we continue to monitor those, we'll look at redeploying within that space. And continue with that platform at plus or minus the level it's at today.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Mike, could you just clarify how you would define, I guess, stability with respect to your comment about some of the Sunbelt markets you referenced? And then also, you highlighted same-store revenue growth is reacceleration -- is reaccelerating into the fourth quarter, but I'm wondering if you expect kind of effective lease rate growth or total revenue per occupied home, that you quoted, to also reaccelerate?
Mike Lacy: Yes. A couple of things there, Austin. Let me back up a little bit and just give a little bit of a high level on what we're seeing with kind of trends today and how we see that playing out by region as well as thinking about next year a little bit. But I'd say, first and foremost, our blends are ahead of our original expectations for the year and our occupancy back up in that high 96% range. And so, when you think about what we've communicated all year, first half, our blends were higher than what we expected. The back half of the year, they're pretty much right in line with where we thought. And I would tell you, when you look at the different regions, they're all playing out where we'd expect it today. That being said, looking at our blends today, we're about 1.6% blended growth year-to-date. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, expectations are -- will be around 1.4% for the year. So that implies flat blends through the fourth quarter. And specific to what we're seeing in October, this is playing out as expected. I'd tell you one thing, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that had a little bit of a change on us is 20% of our leases were impacted by short to long terms. And when I say that, that means a short-term lease typically has a premium associated with it. And then those people are coming off of, call it, September timeframe from the summer months. We're signing 12-month leases today. That impacted our blends by about 100 basis points. But when we fast forward and we look at November and December, it's actually about half of that exposure. So less than 10% of our leases should be impacted by this, and it's going to be about a 50 basis point impact to our blends. And so again, things are playing out kind of expected. Today, I would tell you it's not a trend. But when I look at the Sunbelt compared to the coastal market, we've actually picked up about 60 basis points in occupancy. So, we were running around 96.1%, 96.2% during the third quarter. We're actually back up around 96.7%, 96.8% today. And our blends, while they've decelerated a little bit, they've actually decelerated at a slower pace than what we've seen in the coastal markets. And some of this has to do with the short to long phenomenon that I just spoke to.
Austin Wurschmidt: I appreciate all the detail there. And then also, thank you for some of the stats on turnover and especially from a historical perspective. I mean, how are you guys thinking about that trend in 2025? And I don't know if you have this at your fingertips, but could you just give us a sense how much a 1% swing or so in turnover impact expense growth?
Mike Lacy: Yes. Austin, I think this one is another one where maybe I'll back up a little bit and just talk more about what we're doing with the customer experience project because we are still early innings as it relates to this initiative. We think there's a lot more room to gain. And so, if I start there, and then I can go into some of your specific questions, but for us right now, we have about 800 million data elements in the system that we've gathered over the last seven or eight years, and we're adding nearly 1 million data elements a day, and so a lot of information here. And I would tell you over the last 12 months, so not even just this year, we've had about 1,800 less move-outs on a year-over-year basis. And for us, that translates to about $9 million in NOI. When you think about going forward, we still think this is a 5% to 10% sustainable advantage that we can have over our competition. That's about $15 million to $30 million in value. And again, we know that this can be successful because 50% of turnover is control. When you have forwarding addresses and you see individuals that are just going across the street, they effectively failed us, we failed them, and they're moving out, and we need to change that trajectory. And that's what we've been working on. That's what's playing out with the customer experience project. So yes, when you look at that -- those numbers I quoted earlier were about 600 basis points better than our historical averages for this time of the year. A lot of our peers and a lot of the competition are seeing this success as well in terms of just affordability. But when you look at our numbers versus the peers on a relative basis, we were behind them about 170 basis points in the timeframe of, call it, 2022, '23. Today, we're about 70 basis points better. And so you can see that the difference on our focus on the customer is paying dividends. Again, we think that this is going to continue to just get better as we continue to learn more with all the data elements in the system. And so, what we're experiencing today when you look at R&M down around 3% to 4% growth, our expectations would have been around 7% to 8% growth. And so not having all the turnover definitely impacts R&M, but it also impacts our vacant days, our other income as well as CapEx and so for every individual that we save, it's approximately $5,000.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Wolfe: You mentioned a handful of markets like Orlando, Tampa and Dallas, that could be an equilibrium. I think you said something like that by the middle of next year. Just curious what the implications of that are? Like, does that mean that rent growth is going to a more normal level, like 3%? Does that mean spring [indiscernible] should be sort of more normal? Like what does that mean in equilibrium?
Mike Lacy: Yes. I'd tell you right now, we're riding the thick of the process of trying to figure out what our budgets look like next year. And so, we typically do a top-down, bottom-up approach, working with the individuals out in the field, understanding what's happening at their specific sites within the markets, what supply is going to do to us and then just having an understanding of the demand that's out there. And so, we're working through that process now. We typically button that up at the end of the year. But we have been having lots of conversations around the supply impacts especially as it relates to the Sunbelt, we do see that that's going to be an impact to the, call it, first three to six months of next year. Ideally, we do get back to that 2% to 3% range as you move throughout the year, and maybe in the back half of the year as you have easier comps, it starts to get even better. But in the first six months, we do expect to see more of the same of what we're experiencing today in terms of blends in those markets.
Tom Toomey: Eric, this is Toomey. Just to add a little bit more color there, and it's a very good question. Mike highlighted the key elements of it. We know what the supply looks like. We know how it's getting priced. It's been very rational at this point in time. What really is the variable on the table is job growth. And we've had a great number in '24, even after revisions pretty solid. I think we're all kind of scratching our head and wondering what '25 brings. So, it's going to be an adjustment based off of that. But every other part of the market, supply-demand aspect of it seems to be in balance. And that's why I think Mike can say it looks like it's stabilizing.
Eric Wolfe: Understood. That's helpful. And then I think you also mentioned that there's 10 bps of that embedded bad debt improvement for next year. Maybe I just misheard that. But I was curious if that means that you're expecting to end the year around 1.4% in bad debt? And how you're thinking about any potential improvement from that level going forward?
Joe Fisher: Eric, so yes, the incremental improvement really relates to '24, we kind of started out the year on our original forecast [Technical Difficulty] kind of mid-98s collected, kind of 98.5, 98.6. So, kind of just under 1.5% of bad debt. Where we're likely to shake up this year is probably just over 1%. So, we had a little bit of a benefit in this year's numbers. I'd say, as you go forward to next year, Mike talked a little bit about that proactive approach that we took on some of the screening on both income and ID verification. We do expect that to have a continued benefit. We got some of it this year, some will come next year. And it's not just in that revenue line item. Obviously, it's an occupancy and term cost and CapEx, et cetera. But there's probably more to get there. We don't believe we're going back to the long-term average, though, I'll say that. So, when you hear us say we're kind of in the low one today. If historical average is 40 to 50 basis points, very unlikely we get all the way back to that, not necessarily due to having more bad actors. It's really just the bad actors we do have. It takes a lot longer to get them out of the units than it did historically given some of the regulatory restrictions. So still a little bit of a tailwind there, but we'll see how it shakes out next year.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Josh Dennerlein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Dennerlein: I'll try to bring back the enthusiasm. I've spoken to a dead mic. So, if I missed this in the opening remarks, but were your short-term leases like much higher than normal. Is that what you meant by like 20% of leases were impacted by that short- to long-term lease? I just want to make sure I understand that dynamic there.
Mike Lacy: Josh, that's a really good question. What I would tell you is it's a little bit higher than what we normally experience. And I'd tell you a lot of that points to the job and demand dynamics that have occurred over the last six months or so compared to kind of moving through COVID and then right after it. We did see a little bit more, especially in our coastal markets where you had interns coming back to work, you had a little bit more job growth in these markets where people are coming for the summer and then they are leaving in the first part of fall. And so yes, a little bit more and it definitely impacted us more on the Coast than it did in the Sunbelt.
Josh Dennerlein: And then maybe like tying that to the customer experience, is that something that maybe you want to reduce like those short-term leases? I would assume if you have more short-term leases or maybe just in turns in general, many creates a little bit more friction with the customer experience maybe?
Mike Lacy: It does impact our turnover for sure. So, when you have these short-term leases coming off, it does impact those stats. But at the same time, when we look at this, it's all about profitability. And so, an example I would give you is our short-term furnish program. Not only are we getting a premium for the short-term lease versus a 12- to-14-month lease, but you're also achieving that positive income on that as well. So, it hits our fee income. And so, for us, at the end of the day, it's a very minimal number. I'd tell you, it's less than 1% of our total units at any given time, probably closer to 50 bps. And so, we manage this by market, by property to make sure that we don't have any overexposure to it. But we do go for the profitability piece.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Yulico: I just wanted to talk about capital allocation for a second. I know Tom you talked earlier about capital-light sort of focus of the Company right now. And so, I'm wondering, you guys had that heat map, which I think was last updated in September, but in terms of capital deployment, how are you thinking about stock buybacks right now? Because it does feel like there's a fair amount of interest in the private market to get asset sales done at potentially better pricing than where your stock is. So, what are some latest thoughts on that?
Joe Fisher: Nick, so we are still in that capital-light mindset and I'd say you've seen us do stock buybacks a number of times in the past. And I think we've done them from a pretty good perspective on timing, we've generally seen some upside appreciation whenever we have done that. It's not necessarily on the menu at these prices today, though. We've been kind of oscillating in the mid 45s here for a while, which kind of puts us in a plus or minus mid-5 cap type of number. We don't think that's fair by any stretch. Andrew can talk about where transaction pricing is today, but we kind of settled into that plus or minus five cap world here for a while. That said, where we do want to deploy, I mentioned earlier, we're kind of in recycling mode within the DPE program. So, as maturities come up, we'll do [Technical Difficulty] deploy there. The other two areas that we're primarily focused on right now. One is on the joint venture acquisition side. We continue to show opportunities to our joint venture partner that we put in place last year and have had some pretty good constructive conversations of late. So, we're hoping in '25, we start to get some traction on that front again. Those are really driven by what do we view from a market and submarket opportunity, but also can we find those deal next door opportunities that are under managed to put onto the ops platform. So definitely want to deploy it there. The other piece is, as you've seen previously, we tried to get creative with some of these OP unit transactions. So, deals where we can name our stock price and look at that more as a 1031 type of trade or a cash accretion trade. We are looking [Technical Difficulty] last year. We're looking at a couple of those right now. They are very long lead time typically and not all get to the finish line. So TBD on if anything comes with that. But that's really where we're spending most of our time today.
Nick Yulico: All right. That's helpful. Just following up on the joint venture acquisition. So that now in the guidance is for none this year, there was some potential in guidance earlier this year. Can you just speak to what's driving that sort of, I guess, delay in getting some of those acquisitions done if it's your cost of capital, your partner's thinking? And then also, is there an opportunity to expand to additional partners in that program, given that feel this is in capital that wants to get into the sector with a good operating platform?
Joe Fisher: No, good question. We did originally have acquisitions in our original guidance throughout the year, which we've now taken to zero within the joint venture bucket. I wouldn't say that it's a lack of opportunities. There's plenty of opportunities out there that can check a lot of boxes for us. That said, our partner and their source of capital, they go through every five-year or so big mandate review of all global mandates. And we just happened to catch it during that period of time where kind of what pencils down in the middle of the year as they reevaluated everything. We're expecting in the next 60 days to come out of that just fine and continue to get back to work with them. Given that fact, as you asked about other potential joint ventures or partners, we selected this partner for a lot of really good reasons in terms of alignment with them, in terms of operational thinking, transactional thinking and a really good and deep source of capital long term. So really like the partners that we have and not really looking to add to that platform today.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with Wedbush. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Anderson: So, on the former DCP platform now renamed for the reasons you explained doing more from a stabilized asset point of view. Why is that happening? Is that what the market is giving you? Or is there some sort of new governor you're placing on yourself in terms of the risk profile of what the money you want to put out? I'm curious as to why that change has happened and affected the name change as well?
Tom Toomey: Rich, it's good to hear your voice. It's real simple. There's not a lot of development going on that pencils it make sense. And we're going to always be thoughtful about the market and where the sweet spot is. And the transactions that we're doing, we get current pay, we get a good return. And we still are at the table when the asset ultimately is going to trade. And so, it still has a good alignment with shareholders. and capital allocation makes certainly a lot of sense at this juncture. When we're back at '27 and everybody has announced a new wave of development, we'll probably rename the damn program and get back to that.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Maybe we'll have the word Toomey me in it.
Tom Toomey: I think so. And good luck with Halloween tonight, my friend.
Rich Anderson: The second follow-up question is -- bigger picture, as I normally do. Like you have some interesting disagreement amongst your peers about the timing of the Sunbelt recovery? I think you said pricing power returns in some cases, mid-next year to late next year. And that's probably a more optimistic view than what Equity Residential is saying and some of the others that are making their way into the space. You guys are already kind of at that efficient frontier, 75, 25. Do you have a view as to why there's a difference of opinion in terms of when we actually start to see cash flow regenerate in the Sunbelt, whether it's next year or the year after? I'm just curious where you stand? I know you're saying pricing power returns, but does that mean cash flow also starts to return next year?
Joe Fisher: Rich, I guess I'd say, number one, when we went through the analysis, when did we reach equilibrium, and we're really talking about some of these markets like Dallas and Nashville, Austin, that have been a little bit more hit by high supply we looked at typical absorbing rates, what's available from a stock perspective today and what's being delivered on a go-forward basis. And we kind of got back to equilibrium plus or minus, middle of next year, kind of 2Q, 3Q. So that's why we say we expect to see some pricing power return at that point in time. So renewal has been strong, but you will see supply coming down. And I think supply overall in the Sunbelt probably comes down from 4% to 5% of stock next year, down upwards of 30%. So you're down into that 2.5% to 3% of stock range still above long-term averages on a full year basis. So not back to typical pricing power for a full year basis but you do get back to a better number potentially by the second half of next year. A lot of that's going to depend, as Tom said earlier, on the wildcard out there what takes place with jobs and wages, household formation, et cetera. But the time tell you next year, second half, you start to get a little bit more pricing power than we have this year. It takes a while to obviously work its way into the rent stack and get through all the lease turns and get end of cash flow. So it's bit by bit and works its way into same-store revenue growth, but we think we'll start to see the signs of it mid-second half.
Mike Lacy: Joe, if I could just add one thing, too, because -- one thing we've seen success in this year and compared to our peers and others that are talking about the Sunbelt, it's our other income. The initiatives that we have going on in those markets today. When we sit here and we talk about 7% to 8% growth on our other income line, our Sunbelt has been performing around the 12% to 13% growth compared to the cost around 5% or 6%. So significantly more coming from our initiatives down in those parts of the country. So that's been allowing us to do a fairly good job as it relates to relative performance, and we expect more of the same as we go into next year.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned an improvement in blended lease growth rates to 140 basis points this year. That's up 10 basis points from prior. But at the same time, earn-in expectations are now 60 to 70 basis points. And last quarter, it was 70. So, I know this is only 10 or 15 basis points, but I thought those two items would have been correlated positively and it seems like they're not. I'm just wondering why that's the case?
Mike Lacy: Yes, John, the way that I think about this and where our earning is tracking today is -- give you an example. If you go back to 2Q through 4Q of last year and you look at our blends, our 2Q growth was 3.1%, 3Q was 1.6% and 4Q was negative 0.5%. So, when you add all those up, you're right around 1.6% growth. When you look at this year, our 2Q was 2.4%, 3Q was 1.8% and our expectations right now is flat growth in the fourth quarter. That's about 1.5% growth. And so very similar blend on a nine-month trailing basis as you go into the new year. So, earning today feels very similar to what we saw and experienced as we went into this year, as we said in the prepared remarks.
Tom Toomey: Yes, John, let me ask Mike, a follow-up question because I think sometimes, we get, it's great to be precise. But when you're talking 10 bps or 100 bps on a $2,600 a month rent, what does that equate to?
Mike Lacy: Yes. You're looking at $26 on average for our rent. So, it doesn't take much, and it's not a whole law on the absolute number for rents.
John Kim: And Mike, you mentioned new lease rates in October of minus 5%. I think we all understand the supply pressures in the Sunbelt. But what other markets are you seeing deterioration of new lease rates that were maybe a little bit surprising?
Mike Lacy: Yes. I'd tell you, first, maybe start out with the regions. And again, for us, the East Coast still performing the best on an absolute basis. And so, for October, what we're experiencing, and again, this is blend. I'll get into some of the new lease growth here in a second. Our blends in the East Coast were around 1.5% compared to 3% in the third quarter. West Coast is closer to, call it, 0.5%. That compares to 2% in the third quarter. The Sunbelt dropped a little bit, about 100 bps. I'd say in October, we're seeing around negative 3% blends, and that compares to negative 2% in the second -- in the third quarter. But again, all of these regions are seeing an increase in our occupancy. So that's only helping that line item, but it also helps our other income. That's leading to that increase from 5% other income growth to 8% as we move forward. And so -- that's what we're seeing on a regional basis. But to your question, new lease growth kind of in the regions. It was actually the coast where we saw a little bit more pressure on our new lease growth. And again, a lot of that has to do with what I referenced with short-term leases going to long-term leases. In those markets, you typically have more interns, you have more individuals that are coming in for the summer and we've been working through that. And again, just to remind everybody, our blends, we include everything. And so, we don't typically talk about the short to long phenomenon. It's usually, it is what it is. But in this case, it did have an impact on those coastal markets. expectations again. It impacted October to a greater degree. It's probably going to be about half of that going forward. And then as you go into next year and you start to sign more short-term leases, it typically helps you out in the leasing season months.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: There's been some choppiness in rental growth rates relative to typical seasonality over the last couple of years. Is this variability within the normal range when you look back at the pre-COVID years? Or is there something that's leading to increased seasonal volatility? And do you expect that to kind of continue going forward?
Mike Lacy: Yes. For us, it goes back to the supply. If you look at places like the Sunbelt, again, we've been talking about this all year long. We knew that this was going to continue to be a headwind for us. It's playing out exactly like we saw, but that is the difference between just normal seasonality. You are dealing with peak supply right now, and you're probably going to deal with it through the first and second quarter of next year in a period of time where demand starts to fall off. So, I'd say trajectory-wise, it feels pretty seasonal in nature, but at the same time, you do have a little bit more impact just coming from the supply markets.
Michael Goldsmith: I appreciate your thoughts there. And while you don't have a lot of lease-up exposure, I'm wondering, how has the absorption pace has been trending on new developments in UDR markets or at properties which compete with the UDR properties? How much of the -- how much are you feeling that pressure?
Mike Lacy: No, it's been pretty incredible. I'll give you an example. This time of year on our stabilized asset we typically see about 1.2% of our homes being leased in a given week. On our development deals and one in particular, down in Tampa, we are seeing about 3x that. So, we've been leasing about 3% of our homes per week over the last few weeks. And so again, we don't have a lot of it today, not a lot of exposure. But what we do have is been leasing up, I'd say, fairly well.
Joe Fisher: And I think for the broader market, when you look at some of the stats that are out there, obviously, from a delivery perspective, nationally, we're kind of a 30- or 40-year highs. But when you look at absorption, we're also a kind of a 30- or 40-year high. So, when you look at private market deliveries and what they're seeing absorption, they're generally getting about 15 to 20 units a month, which is pretty standard on their side. And so that's what's leading to better rent growth than we originally forecast. It's leading to better absorption, a little bit less of a concessionary environment than we forecast originally. I think a lot of that has to do with that relative affordability piece. Obviously, jobs have been there this year. Wages have been there, but renter-ship has continued to take well more than their fair share, just given how incredibly expensive it's become to own a home. I think if you go back to pre-COVID, single-family home prices are up 50% going back to 2019. At the same time that mortgage rates are up materially. You look at what's going on with multifamily rents during that period, it's about half that amount, basically exactly in line with income growth during that period of time. So rent-to-incomes really haven't changed. It's that relative affordability of the alternative option in single-family housing. So that's, I think, probably the biggest story this year that we've seen from people coming in the front door and then not leaving the back door.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Kramer: When you're thinking about potentially starting your own new developments here, how close would you say you are in terms of kind of potential yields on developments relative to your cost of capital? What's that spread and what would that spread need to be for you to kind of start a new project?
Joe Fisher: Adam, it's Joe. I'd say we're having a lot of active discussions on that topic right now. We've got a number of good parcels and projects that are shovel-ready and ready to go. What we continue to debate is the current yield and the stabilized yield relative to that cost of capital. The fact that we haven't started any thus far this year can tell you we're not quite there. But we do feel that we're getting close. Obviously, with a somewhat volatile interest rate environment, it creates a little bit more volatility in what that source of capital is and the price of that capital. So you want to make sure that you've accounted for that. And then obviously really locking into what we think the rents are from a tangibility perspective. And so, I think we're close. We'll probably see some starts going forward. They may not be this year, but definitely in '25 most likely.
Tom Toomey: A good follow-up, Joe. I might be explaining our approach on redevelopment because redevelopment pencils a heck of a lot quicker than development.
Joe Fisher: Yes, we've continued to have a lot of success both on the redevelopment side and then NOI enhancing front. So, we're spending plus or minus $75 million this year just on redevelopment opportunities. So going in and doing from kind of a renovation light, just kind of the K&B type of upgrade to more of a fulsome repositioning of assets. And so, we've had really good opportunities on that front. We got a good pipeline there that will take into next year and probably have another $75 million, maybe upwards of that into 2025 as well. So, deploying capital on that front, refreshing the portfolio and trying to get the consumer a better product, also raising the NOI profile.
Adam Kramer: Great. I appreciate all that color. And I was going to ask about kind of capital allocation priorities here given the development comment. It seems like this redevelopment program is high on that list. Is that right? I mean I think you guys talked a little bit about repurchases earlier too, it seems like that's lower on relative at this point?
Joe Fisher: Correct. Yes, the redevelopment generally is a pretty core part of the business that we're always going to be doing in some way, shape or form. We'll pivot it a little bit higher, a little bit lower depending on cycle and opportunities. From a bigger picture perspective, though, it's still that recycling of the DPE looking for joint venture acquisition opportunities and focusing in on some of these creative OP unit transactions that we're finding out there in the market.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just two questions. First, Joe, just going to the Queens, the Long Island City project, can you just walk us through the decision to take the coupon down? Yes, there are other players in raw land that do deferred equity. And this -- it stood out. So, you guys are a pretty big company, plenty of liquidity. So, it's not like you couldn't take control of the project if you had to. So, can you just walk us through the strategy of reducing the coupon?
Andrew Cantor: Sure. Alex, this is Andrew. It's good to talk to you. So, I think it's important just to go back and just start from the beginning on this project. When this project started in the fourth quarter of 2019, it was raw land, the construction on this deal was completed in 2022, and it stabilized in the first part of '24. Our partner came to us and wanted to recapitalize the deal. As a reminder, they put in $42 million into this deal. They paid off $25 million in pref and then reduced our accrual by about $10 million. The way that it's structured, about 70% of our coupon will be paid current. The top dollar on this deal is in like the 60 -- the kind of mid-60% LTV. And our basis is at our dollars are about -- is below $500,000 a door. So, for us, we like our partner. We like the product. We know it well. And so, this was an opportunity for us to reinvest in something we wanted to reinvest it, not something that we had to reinvest in. And as Joe talked about, we are in the situation where we get paid back, and we have to go find new opportunities we felt this opportunity was one we would invest in. And so we made the decision to lower the rate because we're in a much lower risk situation than we were when it was under development.
Joe Fisher: So just to drive that home, Alex, I want to make sure you understand it's not one of the watchlist deals that we had. This wasn't a deal that was under distress. There was simply a choice on our part of do we take the last $50 million back in our investment and get paid off fully and take that $50 million and go find a new opportunity and put our team to work on something new. Or just take a deal that we know with a partner we know and say, we'll let $50 million stay out there. But given the change in risk profile, the market rate for that investment has definitely come down from when it was in development.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So, what you're saying is the guy could have -- he had the capital, you're saying he had the capital to pay you off, you just chose to not effectively to put back in rather than getting paid off fully. Is that what you're saying?
Andrew Cantor: Correct. Correct.
Joe Fisher: They put $42 million of additional fresh equity into that deal, paying down a portion of our pref, but we also had a pref partner in our position that was [indiscernible] with us. So, pay down that entire partner's position. So, our last dollar risk came down materially with a lot of fresh equity coming into the deal. And as Andrew said, at 60-plus percent LTV, 70% current pay the risk profile changes materially from a new development that was earning 13% to now a stabilized deal earning 11%.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Second question is on the short-term leases, this isn't new, like this is part of always happens in terms -- the short-term leases or other reasons. So, was there something unusual about this year's short-term leases? Or it's just -- it was part of the normal budgetary mix and the whole discussion about short-term mix leases is just walking us through. I'm trying to understand if there was something unusual about this year with the short-term leases or if it's just a discussion of explaining why some of the rent trends happen the way they happened?
Mike Lacy: Yes, it's kind of both, Alex. I'll tell you, we get a lot of questions just around blends in general. And since everybody kind of has different definitions, some people do the like-for-like, some people do everything. We want to make sure that we're clearly showing what it looks like on both a like-for-like as well as all-in basis. And then for us, like I said earlier, it was a little bit more of a factor than we would have expected this time of the year just because we did have more interns coming in. We actually did see more people that were taking short-term furnished rentals throughout the summer. And so, I'll tell you, for that program alone, I saw about a 20% to 30% increase in our fee income, which tells me that we did have significantly more people doing those type of leases. And so, we're just cycling off of them. And so just in full transparency, that's what we're providing.
Tom Toomey: Alex, a little bit more color. I mean how often do you have this type of supply being delivered at the same time that you're losing the short-term rental play. And so that's why you see it's probably more if you will, exaggerated than it is a reality. And as I expect it to go forward, it will probably start looking a lot like the last 30 years.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Just one question on expenses for me. So, I can get a handle on two-line items that have been really volatile over the last several years, personnel and repair and maintenance. So obviously, personnel saw a pretty big cumulative decline, 21% to 23%. Some of those costs were pushed into R&M and then you had pandemic impacts on R&M. So, the question, Joe, is, is the operating model in terms of the bodies, UDR bodies, on the ground both in personnel and R&M functions, stabilize today? Or should we continue to expect to see above inflationary costs continue for personnel and R&M?
Mike Lacy: Yes, John, it's Mike. I would tell you, it's better than stabilized going forward. And so, we've been working through a lot of those changes, as you alluded to, with personnel and R&M. The difference what we're seeing today is a couple of items. First, we had to anniversary off of the cares refund this year. So, our personnel was significantly higher than it would have been, we would probably be in that 2% to 3% range. So just under inflationary numbers there. As we go forward, I expect more of the same. But I'd tell you for this third quarter, we do pay our teams based on performance. And so, when you look at our relative performance versus our peers through the first six months of the year, they were doing a really good job in terms of top line revenue against the peers within their markets. And so, some of our personnel costs were due to that. And then I'd say on turnover going forward, we're going to continue to lean into that customer experience project. We expect that our turnover will continue to be down. And I'd tell you, in fact, looking at October numbers, we're looking at probably the 19th consecutive month with year-over-year reduction in turnover. So I think going forward, these line items will be more muted than they have been in the past.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Is there any -- is there still a tail on basically heavily damaged units from evictions that will prop up the -- basically the repair and maintenance expense growth next year a little bit more than typical inflationary levels?
Mike Lacy: I don't think so. When we look at kind of that population of squatters, if you will, it's back to those historical norms of plus or minus a couple of hundred and we're not seeing people that are near damaging to the same degree that we saw during COVID. And so I don't think that that's going to be as much of a factor as we move forward.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Alexander Kalmus with Zelman & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Kalmus: I know we covered a lot of ground today, but I just wanted to ask about the wider third quarter spread recorded between your renewal move-in rent growth figures with kind of new supply still impacting front-end pricing. At what point do you think that spread returns to like the pre-COVID average? And are there any additional drivers to consider?
Mike Lacy: That's a really good point. It's something that we watch very closely. And I can tell you as you get into the shoulder quarters, the fourth quarter and the first quarter every year, you typically see your new lease and your renewal spreads gap out. And so, we've been watching it. I'll tell you what gives me a sense of relief, if you will, is going back to those turnover numbers again. The fact that we're about 600 basis points better than historical norms. We're not seeing people hand in their keys. We're not seeing our move-out reasons for rent increases, increase. And so, we are going to continue to send out plus or minus 4% to 4.5% into the future here because our turnover looks great. We think everything we're doing on our customer experience project is paying dividends. And so not only will our turnover be better, but we do believe that we can maintain a pretty high renewal growth as we move forward.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Just one for me. In terms of the $5,000 benefit from saving customers/reducing turnover, are there any upfront costs associated with improving that churn? And if so, does that go down over time?
Mike Lacy: No. Right now, what we're finding is it's pretty minimal. And so when we're going through all these data points, and again, we have a dashboard for every individual resident. We understand when they moved in with us when they've had a good experience or a bad experience, we're proactively reaching out to them now and just trying to identify what those issues are, how we maybe all solve them, can we do it quickly. And then at times, we are offering gift cards, small concessions here and there if there's something that we did wrong that we can improve on. And so, they're minimal cost today, but it's something that we're continuing to learn from. And so, as we move forward, I think we're going to find the sweet spot on what those gift cards are. And I don't think it's equal for everybody. We have residents that have been with us for multiple years that house level rents versus some that have been with us for a short period of time, and they may be in a studio. It's not a one size fits all, but it is something that we're identifying and we're proactively reaching out on.
Joe Fisher: I think, too, with all the data that we have now that Mike was talking about earlier, it's less about additional cost. I think it's being smarter with the resources that we do have. So, what were the things that we thought were value-add that we were doing that perhaps a customer didn't find value in. And so, pivoting on our individual people resources, but also on the capital side, trying to figure out where we can spend our capital in a smarter way to address recurring issues that pop up either at an individual level or at a property level that have caused some consternation and therefore, turnover. So, it's not necessarily added cost, but I think the data that we have is making us much smarter on where we do expend resources today.
Tom Toomey: Linda, just because I love this topic and you can hear the passion from the team on it and the potential of it. I mean we set out on a goal really to just change how this business is done. And if it's historically always been 50% turnover and you can find a path to 40% or lower, you dynamically change the margin your pricing power, your cost structure, your CapEx, you changed how the whole dam business is done. And we have now the resources, the capability and the culture to actually drive through this and expand that margin. And ultimately, who wins in margin usually wins the long game. So, it's a long journey. We're in the early innings of it. You can see the early innings results, and we're encouraged by the long prospects of this project effort and its value for our shareholders.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho Securities. Apologies, he is no longer in the queue. There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey for any closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Thank you for all your time and interest and support of UDR. I know the call went a little long today, but I find it very beneficial when we expand upon how we think about the business, how we're running it and how we are going to continue to improve it. So, we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT conference in November and certainly a lot of other upcoming events. With that, take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to UDR's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Trent Trujillo, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Trent.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our Web site ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent. And welcome to UDR's second quarter 2024 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher; and Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy; Senior Officers, Andrew Kantor; and Chris Vans Ens, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. First half results exceeded our initial expectations provided back in February due to ongoing solid fundamentals and the core operating strategies we continue to utilize to drive strong same store and earnings growth. Positive fundamental drivers for our industry include, first, year-to-date employment growth of approximately 1.3 million jobs has well outpaced initial full year consensus expectations. Additionally, year-to-date household income growth has remained robust at approximately 5%. Taken together, this has driven strong demand for housing while also reinforcing healthy affordability metrics. Second, more than 250,000 newly delivered apartment homes were absorbed nationally during the first half of the year, a near two decade record. Adding to that, total housing deliveries appear stable through the end of the year, and development starts continue to decline to levels below historical norms. This dynamic bodes well for rent growth in the years ahead. And third, renting an apartment is on average 60% more affordable than owning a single family home in the markets where we operate, the best level of relative affordability in two decades. These fundamental trends, combined with our operating tactics that have improved resident retention, led to revenue and expense growth outperformance in the first half of 2024. Drivers include more robust pricing power, higher occupancy, improved in the month rent collections, higher ancillary income growth, lower resident turnover and lower turnover related expenses than originally expected. In all, this led us to raise our full year FFOA per share guidance for the second time this year, while also increasing our same store growth expectations in yesterday's release. Mike will provide additional details in his remarks. We feel good about the year-to-date results and the opportunities ahead of us in the second half of the year. However, we also remain cognizant of the slowing growth rate in the recent employment data and the effect that may have on pricing in the face of still elevated new supply through the rest of 2024. Moving on, we continue to build on our position as a recognized ESG leader, with UDR recently being named a 2024 Top Workplace winner in the real estate industry. This achievement reflects the engaging employee experience we have built and solidifies our stature as an employer of choice. Key to our success is an innovative and adaptive culture, and this recognition is one that all our stakeholders should be proud of. Big picture, I remain optimistic about the long term growth prospects of the multifamily industry and UDR's unique competitive advantages that should enhance our relative results. We have a strong culture that empowers our associates to deliver best-in-class service to our residents and create outsized value. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tom. Today, I'll cover the following topics; our second quarter same-store results, early third quarter operating trends, our improved full year same store growth guidance, including underlying assumptions and regional operating trends. To begin, second quarter year-over-year same store revenue and NOI growth of 2.5% and 2% respectively were slightly above our expectations. Quarterly sequential same store results also outpaced initial forecast. These results were driven by, first, 2.4% blended lease rate growth, which was driven by renewal rate growth just shy of 4% and new lease rate growth of 50 basis points. New lease rate growth improved by 300 basis points versus the first quarter as concession stabilized and demand increased, which resulted in improved pricing power. Second, 47% annualized resident turnover was 300 basis points below the prior year period and our best second quarter retention in more than a decade. This has enabled us to increase renewal rate pricing through at least August and has led to more favorable blended lease rate growth. Third, occupancy remained strong at 96.8%, supported by healthy traffic and leasing volume. New York, Boston, Washington, D.C. and Seattle, which collectively constitute 40% of our same store pool or standouts, averaging higher than 97% occupancy during the quarter. And fourth, other income growth was nearly 9% and was driven by our continued innovation along with the delivery of value add services to our residents. Shifting to expenses. Quarterly year-over-year same-store expense growth of 3.7% came in better than expectations and was primarily driven by reduced repair and maintenance costs as well as insurance savings. Repair and maintenance growth of less than 1% was partly due to our improved resident retention and having 500 fewer unit terms than a year ago while insurance savings of nearly 5% was driven by lower claims activity. Moving on, core operating trends have remained resilient in July and key metrics have largely followed typical seasonality. First, July blended lease rate growth is expected to be in the mid 2% range, which is slightly higher than June results and follows normal historical sequential rent growth trends. New lease rate growth is slightly negative on average while we have had success increasing our renewal lease rate growth closer to 5% from 4% in the second quarter. In terms of relative performance, the East Coast is showing the most strength with blended lease rate growth of approximately 4%. This is followed by the West Coast at 3% on average and the Sunbelt at approximately negative 1%. Based on current trends, we expect East Coast leadership to persist through at least the remainder of the third quarter. Second, resident retention continues to compare well against historical norms and July will represent the 15th consecutive month our year-over-year turnover has improved. Relative affordability compared to other forms of housing is a benefit to the apartment industry in total. Given the level of home prices and mortgage rates, the average cost of owning a home across UDR markets is nearly 5,500 per month. By contrast, the average rent for UDR apartment home is approximately $2,500 per month, thereby creating annual shelter cost savings of $36,000. This disparity has led to a record low level of our residents moving out to buy a home. Furthermore, because of our ongoing customer experience project, our resident retention over the past year has improved by approximately 210 basis points relative to the peer group average. This is a testament to our team's focus and execution on our innovative data driven approach to customer service. Ultimately, improved retention should drive better pricing power, higher occupancy, increased other income, reduced expenses, lower CapEx and margin expansion. We are still early in the innings of capturing these benefits but believe the incremental opportunity is in the $15 million to $30 million range. Third, occupancy remains high but has trended slightly lower to 96.2% to 96.3% in July due to elevated new supply coming online and typical seasonal operating trends. Markets facing heavy supply, including Nashville, Dallas and Tampa, 16% of our NOI, have seen occupancy decline by approximately 100 basis points on average compared to the second quarter. Conversely, occupancy remains in the mid to high 96% range on average across markets facing less supply, such as New York, San Francisco and Orange County, which make up 26% of our NOI. Strategically, we anticipate regaining portfolio occupancy later in the third quarter as we tactically adjust our operating approach ahead of a seasonally slower leasing period. And fourth, other income continues to grow in the high single digit range in July, similar to what we achieved in the first half of the year. As a reminder, other income constitutes roughly 11% of total revenue. We remain pleased with the trajectory of other income initiatives, such as the rollout and penetration of building-wide Wi-Fi as these contribute significantly to incremental same store revenue growth. Based on our results for the first seven months of the year, we raised our full year 2024 same store growth guidance in conjunction with yesterday's release. We are encouraged by the resiliency of various forward demand indicators such as year-to-date job growth and wage growth, but we remain somewhat cautious given there’s potential for macroeconomic volatility in an election year combined with elevated supply deliveries in the back half of 2024. To provide details on our guidance increases, starting with same store revenue growth, we raised our midpoint by 50 basis points, resulting in a new range of 1% to 3%. The primary building blocks to achieve the 2% midpoint include the following. First, our 2024 earning of 70 basis points. Second, portfolio blended lease rate growth is forecast to be approximately 130 basis points in 2024. This represents a 60 basis point increase compared to our initial guidance. Given blended lease rate growth of approximately 180 basis points through the first seven months of the year, this implies a deceleration to 60 basis points on average for the remaining five months of the year. Using a midyear convention, our full year blended lease rate growth expectation should add about 65 basis points to 2024 same store revenue growth, reflecting a 30 basis point improvement versus our prior expectations. Underlying our full year blended rate growth forecast are assumptions of 3.5% to 4% renewal rate growth and approximately negative 1% new lease rate growth. Third, we expect the combination of occupancy and bad debt to be roughly flat year-over-year in 2024, in line with our prior expectation. And fourth, innovation and other operating initiatives are expected to add 70 basis points to our 2024 same store revenue growth, which is an increase of 25 basis points versus our prior guidance. The bulk of this growth should come from the continued rollout of property-wide Wi-Fi initiatives along with a variety of other property enhancements. 3% of high end of our same store revenue growth range is achievable through improved year-over-year occupancy, additional accretion from innovation, higher blended lease rate growth or a combination thereof. Conversely, the low end of 1% reflects full year blended lease rate growth of approximately 50 basis points, some level of occupancy loss and the moderation in other income generated by our innovation. Moving on to same store expense growth. We lowered our midpoint by 25 basis points to 5% with the full year range now at 4% to 6%. The improvement was primarily driven by constrained insurance and repair and maintenance expense growth. As a reminder, same store expense growth of 7.5% in the first quarter was elevated due to comping off of a onetime $3.7 million employee retention credit we realized at the beginning of 2023. Absent this factor, we would expect normalized same store expense growth for the full year to be in the low 4% range or approximately 80 basis points lower than our [updated] midpoint. Turning to regional trends. Our coastal results have exceeded our expectations while our Sunbelt markets are largely in line. More specifically, the East Coast, which comprises approximately 40% of our NOI, was our strongest region in the second quarter, and Washington, D.C. was our best-performing market driven by strength in Northern Virginia. Second quarter weighted average occupancy for the East Coast was 97.1%, blended lease rate growth was 4.7% and year-over-year same-store revenue growth was 3.8%. With continued healthy demand and relatively low new supply, we expect this region to be our strongest throughout the rest of the year. The West Coast, which comprises approximately 35% of our NOI, has performed better than expected year-to-date but stabilized somewhat in the second quarter following tremendous momentum in the first quarter. We are encouraged by various employers more strictly enforcing return to office mandates as well as increased office leasing activity from technology and AI companies but are also cognizant of corporate relocations that influence job and wage growth. Absolute levels of new supply remain low at less than 2% of existing stock on average across our West Coast markets, which we expect will lead to a more favorable supply dynamic in the coming quarters. Lastly, our Sunbelt markets, which comprise roughly 25% of our NOI, continue to lag our coastal markets. Year-to-date performance was in line with our original expectations through the beginning of June, at which time we began to see some pricing deterioration due to elevated new supply and the concessions that came with it. We tactically decided to hold grade to best set up our rent roll for future quarters, which resulted in occupancy drifting lower. While our Sunbelt markets broadly have more robust job growth than our coastal markets, we remain cautious on the region in the near term, given the very high absolute levels of new supply coming online. To close, our coastal markets, which comprise 75% of our NOI have performed above initial expectations. While our Sunbelt markets, which comprise 25% of our NOI, are largely in line with expectations. Our diversified portfolio enables us to be surgical with regard to how we operate each market and each asset, allowing us to leverage the strong fundamentals of our industry. This, coupled with continued innovation that will further expand our operating margin over time, maximizes revenue and NOI growth. My thanks go out to our UDR associates nationwide for your dedication towards meeting the challenges we face head on as we continuously innovate to drive strong results. I will now turn over the call to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include, our second quarter results and our updated full year guidance, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Our second quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.62 achieved the high end of our previously provided guidance. The $0.01 per share sequential increase was supported by strong same store NOI growth, driven by higher than expected blended lease rate growth and lower than expected expense growth across both controllable and noncontrollable categories. Year-to-date operating results have exceeded our initial expectations, which led us to raise our same store and FFOA per share guidance ranges. Our new full year 2024 FFOA per share guidance range is $2.42 to $2.50 with a midpoint of $2.46. Since providing initial guidance in February, we have raised FFOA per share guidance twice by a cumulative of $0.04 per share or approximately 2% and have improved the midpoints of our same store guidance ranges. Current trends suggest upside to our midpoint but we believe a cautious approach is prudent given the risk of elevated new supply, election uncertainty and macroeconomic volatility. Looking ahead, our third quarter FFOA per share guidance range is $0.61 to $0.63. The $0.62 midpoint is flat sequentially, which is similar to our historical average earnings results from the second to third quarter and is due to minimal expected changes across NOI, interest expense and G&A. Next, a transactions and capital markets update. First, during the quarter, we completed construction of 101 North Meridian, a $134 million, 330 home community located adjacent to another UDR community in Tampa. Due to robust demand, the community is already 40% occupied as of today, which is twice the level we expected at this point in it's lease up. When combined with attractive rental rate pricing, the yield on the project is trending approximately 75 basis points ahead of underwriting. With the completion of this community, we have no active development projects. However, we are evaluating up to four potential starts in the next 12 to 18 months. Second, subsequent to quarter end, we went under contract to fund a $35 million preferred equity DCP investment at a 10.75% rate of return on four communities located in Portland as part of their recapitalization. Each of the four communities has achieved stabilized occupancy and is generating positive cash flow. Therefore, the risk profile is lower than a typical new development DCP project and positive cash flows allow approximately two thirds of our contractual return to be paid in cash. And third, subsequent to quarter end, we received an approximately $17 million paydown on our preferred equity DCP investment in Vernon Boulevard located in Queens, New York. In conjunction with the paydown, we agreed to lower our rate of return from 13% to 11% to reflect the reduced risk in our investment due to the development being completed and a more secure positioning in the capital structure. Finally, our investment grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first, we have nearly $1 billion of liquidity as of June 30; second, we have only $112 million of consolidated debt or approximately 0.5% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through the end of the year and only 11% of total consolidated debt scheduled to mature through 2026, thereby reducing refinancing risk. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best three year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 3.4%. And third, our leverage metrics remain strong. Debt to enterprise value was just 28% at quarter end while net debt to EBITDAre was 5.7 times. In all, our balance sheet and liquidity remain in excellent shape. We remain opportunistic in our capital deployment and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to drive long term accretion. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Eric Wolfe from Citigroup.
Eric Wolfe: Can you talk a bit more about what you saw in June and July in your coastal markets versus the Sunbelt? I was specifically wondering about how much occupancy fell in the Sunbelt versus the coastal markets? And if that's impacting your pricing strategy for both going forward?
Mike Lacy: So let me try to capture all that. First and foremost, one month is not a good trend line. I tend to look at it over 90 days. During peak leasing from May to June through July, we actually averaged right around 2.5% blend, which was 100 basis points over our original expectations. Second to that, May was so strong for us that we actually pushed our market rent, pretty much double compared to what we see pre-COVID, right around 2% versus 1% on a month-over-month basis. So very strong trends led us to push our rents that led us to pushing our renewals higher through 3Q, which is helping to offset new lease growth. So to that point, I spend a little bit more time just on our renewal strategy and how it's playing out before I give you some of the numbers. But we are sending out about 5% through September at this point. We typically achieve between 20 and 30 basis points of what we send out. And I'll tell you our strategy around getting more aggressive by about 100 basis points from the first half of the year was really stemming off of our customer experience project, just given the fact that we've had closer to 900 fewer move outs through the first six, seven months of the year and our turnover were down 3% year-over-year, along with the fact that we change the trajectory of our relative basis versus our peer group by over 200 basis points. We wanted to test that pricing strategy and right now, it feels like it's playing out. To your point on the occupancy, we did lose a little bit of ground over the last 30, 60 days. We've seen that stabilize as of [late] and I think it's important to size it for us. When you have, call it, 10 bps lower occupancy, that's 50 homes, which is approximately $100,000 during the month. So while it's down a little bit, it's not material and we're starting to see it stabilize into August. To your point just on some of the stats around the regions, what I would tell you is the East Coast in July still hovering around 96.5%, the West Coast and the Sun Belt, a little bit lower, right around 96.%. But on the blends, we are still seeing 4% growth on East Coast, 3% growth on the West Coast and the Sunbelt is -- had somewhat stabilized in that negative 1% range similar to what we saw in May, June and throughout the second quarter. So overall, trending kind of as expected.
Eric Wolfe: And then I guess, based on your guidance for the full year, it seems like you're sort of guiding around 0.9% or something around there for the back half of the year, which is I think, pretty close to your original guidance. I mean, would you say that's more of a conservative placeholder or do you think it's sort of reflective of a more conservative position, just given some of the things you mentioned? Just trying to understand what's going into that back half estimate for blended rent growth?
Joe Fisher: Maybe just to lead off to how we approached it. Versus original guidance, we had taken kind of consensus estimates, layered in our bottoms up forecast to come up with that initial forecast. I think, since that period of time, we've clearly seen jobs coming better, wages coming better, GDP come in better, supply has been about as expected with developers acting fairly rational from a concessionary perspective. And then the relative affordability piece, I think, is one that has been clearly a nice tailwind for us from either a move outs to buy or just capture rate on new household formation. So that's really what's driven kind of our year-to-date market rent growth. We're seeing an effective market rent growth on a year-to-date basis, up about 4%, which is under 200 basis points better than we expected originally. So that's what drove those blends in the first seven months. So as we approach kind of back half of the year and full year guidance, the way we did it was really just take what was put in the bank for the first seven months. So what we knew it happened here through July updated guidance for that impact, and we really want the back half assumptions alone. And so the implied number for the last five months of the year is only about 60 basis points in blended lease rate growth. Obviously, Mike mentioned where we're sending out August renewals. We'll talk to the street once we get more visibility on news as we go into September, but we have factored in some conservatism on that front under the view that you still have supply out there, still have unknowns on the macroeconomic front and on the election front, and we typically see some degree of seasonal slowdown anyway on blends as you go into the back half. So everything we're seeing to date tells us we have continued momentum with that kind of mid-2s blends, but I think it's still prudent to be a little bit conservative on that front as we approach guidance and then update as we move into the back half of the year.
Operator: Next question is coming from Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Sanket on for Steve. We had a question around -- I think you guys raised the guidance for DCP funding from 0 to $15 million. Can we expect more on this front in the back half of the year?
Joe Fisher: So that $15 million is really the net of a couple of items. We originally had zero in there. I think everybody saw in the press release, we did the $35 million investment in a recap portfolio in Portland, which Andrew can give you more details on here in a second. We also got the payback on Vernon, which is part of a bigger payback for both us and our partner, which we can provide some more color on as well. And then we have a couple of other cash pays and small prepayments. So that nets to that $15 million. As we look out to the rest of the year, we really don't have much coming up on the maturity front. I think our next maturities from a senior loan perspective were the first part of '25. So that would be the first action we have from additional prepayments or potential extensions there. And on the investment front, really no major discussions right now, but not to say that we aren't looking. We're just not far enough along to really commit to increasing guidance on DCP deployments. But as we think to next year and assume that we have additional prepayments or payoffs, I would expect us to be active on that front and looking to deploy that capital even if it takes place ahead of time.
Andrew Kantor: As it relates to the DCP activity for the quarter, Vernon, which is a DCP deal that we have in the Astoria West neighborhood of New York, originally funded it in June of 2022, we had a partner that was originally pari passu with us in that transaction who had invested $15 million next to our $40 million. At the time of the redemption, their accrual was $10 million and their entire amount was fully refunded. So $25 million, that's in addition to our $17 million that was refunded. And as Joe said, this is now a -- this is a recapitalization of a completed and stabilized development. The property is 95%, 96% occupied. And then on very similar situation we had on the Portland DCP recap where we invested in four stabilized assets, one of which will close shortly but that as well as in both of these new DCP investments are about two thirds of our accrual will be paid current.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Austin Wurschmidt from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: I wanted to hit back on the July, more specifically, new lease rate growth trends. Mike, you had highlighted that Nashville, Dallas and Tampa had -- were primarily driving down occupancy. But I'm curious if these markets also drove the moderation in new lease rate growth or were there other markets or regions that have seen a similar degree of new lease rate growth moderation into July versus what you saw in May and June?
Mike Lacy: What's interesting, obviously, from May to June, we saw a little bit more of a deceleration in blends and then coming through July, we saw that uptick a bit. So really, the way I look at it is from May to July, we saw close to 100 basis points, let's call it, 50 to 100 basis points across all regions with the Sunbelt being a little bit weaker than we thought over the last 30 days or so. But again, it's been pretty stable as we've gone towards the end of the month and we're still hovering around negative 1% today. In terms of the new lease growth, we're still seeing negative 5% to negative 6% down in the Sunbelt where we're seeing upwards of 2% growth in the East Coast, 1% on the West Coast. So on an absolute basis, still strongest coming out of the coast, a little bit weaker in the Sunbelt as expected.
Joe Fisher: Just to follow up on that, too, as you think about the occupancy number, a little bit of insight beyond just the pricing strategy that Mike has talked about. We've talked a lot in the past about our fraud prevention efforts and kind of the $25 million to $50 million opportunity that bad debt represents for us over time. We've talked about starting to roll out in pilot some new AI platforms on both income and ID verification. We're also trying to be a little bit more robust and disciplined on our deposit strategies on our credit scores around the portfolio. So as we continue to ramp up that we are seeing some of our denial rates increase, which will temporarily does impact occupancy to the negative. It's not necessarily reflective of traffic, which still continues to be good, apps continue to be good. It's just that we're kicking more of those individuals out of the system, taking the hit today on occupancy. But we do believe longer term that's going to get us better residents in place that stay with us longer and continue to pay. So it's a longer term trade off to take the occupancy hit today, get the better numbers in the future. Although, I'd say for bad debt, we have not factored that into our numbers. We're still assuming in guidance that we’re plus or minus kind of flat on a year-over-year basis, even though we're trending slightly ahead at this point in time.
Austin Wurschmidt: And you partially, I think, you answered my next question, which is really around the size of the supply and concessions impact in July. I was curious about the slowdown in traffic and any impact to these near record absorption levels we've kind of heard about throughout the first half of the year. But maybe on top of that, I guess, how have concessions trended can you kind of quantify that, and then how does that stack up versus last year?
Mike Lacy: Austin, I think that's a really good point. I think just stepping back a little bit, just thinking about the consumer and how healthy they are, a few stats that we typically look at in addition to concessions, I would tell you, first of all, not seen doubling up. So we still have 1.8 residents per home. We've seen the single occupant go up about 1.5% to 42% of our homes. And we're seeing a stable rent-to-income ratio across the board at 22%, with places like Boston, Dallas, DC, San Francisco and Tampa, even down a little bit, where places like Seattle are up just slightly, given the fact that we've been able to push rents so much. But to your point on concessions, we're right around half a week today, which is pretty consistent where we were pre-COVID. It's kind of normal steady state today, obviously, with the Sunbelt being a little bit higher and then the Coast being next to nothing.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Josh Dennerlein from Bank of America.
Josh Dennerlein: Mike, I just wanted to follow up on some comments you made in one of your answers to a question. It sounds like you feel more confident on pushing rate because of your platform initiatives related to like data on the customers. I guess, when did you kind of start pushing a little bit harder than you would have in the past? And then how do you think about the ability to kind of continue pushing like rate -- renewal rate even harder from here in the future?
Mike Lacy: It goes back to what I was saying with what we're seeing in May. And so when we had very strong dynamics in the marketplace, we're able to start driving our market rents up, again, about 2% compared to normal historical averages of 1%. That gives us more confidence to get a little bit more aggressive as we started to price our renewals 60, 90 days out. And so that's what you're seeing play out in front of us today. And in addition to that, I think it goes back to what we're seeing with that customer experience project. A lot of that work has been done over the last year or so. And what we looked at is when we compared ourselves to our peers on a relative basis, we were about 200 basis points below them. Over the last six to nine months, we've actually changed that trajectory. We're closer to 50 basis points above them. And so it gave us the confidence to continue to try to push in there and test a different thing, if you will, test out our pricing strategy, see if we can get a little bit more aggressive on renewals. Again, I feel like it's playing out today. We'll know more here over the next 30, 60 days, but it feels good.
Josh Dennerlein: And then just -- what is it you're above peers on or you were below and now you're above? What was that?
Mike Lacy: So turnover, when we compared ourselves against the peer group and turnover, we were lagging the group, and that's what led us to really dive into the customer experience project, to try to change that trajectory. And we believe that we were on to something, we see it playing out in front of us but we also know that we have a long ways to go. And we think that this could potentially continue to drive, call it, $15 million to $30 million in value over the next couple of years by holding a sustainable lower turnover than the peer group going forward.
Operator: Next question is coming from Jamie Feldman from Wells Fargo.
Jamie Feldman: So I appreciate your commentary on -- you talked a lot about the guidance for kind of top line revenue, but also your comments around you've got a lot of uncertainty, the election, the consumer rates. What are the other line items where you would say in your guidance, you think you have the most room or you're the most conservative on or if things go well and things don't really turn downward, you could actually see meaningful uptick?
Mike Lacy: Jamie, that's a good question. I'll tell you where we're feeling pretty good today and you could see it in our guidance. Expenses, and I'm seeing across the board. It's not just on our controllables, it's also on the noncontrollables. And so when we went into the year, we had a midpoint of around 5.25% and today we're closer to 5%. Based on everything we're seeing with the customer experience, the fact that turnover is down, we're getting a little bit more aggressive with our turn vendors, people on site that do a lot of the work for us. We're able to sharpen our pencil there. So we're continuing to see strength on that line item. And so I'd say that's probably the biggest one for me.
Joe Fisher: And I think real estate tax as well, when you look at what we came into the year at, we were expected more in the 4% to 5% range. Today, depending on what [Technical Difficulty] the appeal activity as well as I think we have some opportunities in Florida to improve our numbers based on values and rates. We think we could trend that real estate tax number down into 3% to 4% range. We've not fully factored that into our expectations yet because there's still unknowns out there but I think real estate tax still is an opportunity for upside. Insurance, we've had really good year-to-date activity from a claims perspective. A lot of that driven by expense saving ROIs, doing a lot of asset quality work and then a little bit of luck just coming off of higher claims activity, but we've had really good success on a year-to-date basis there. We have not factored that into continuing into the back half to the same degree. But if we see that trend continue, we probably have some upside there in expenses as well. So expenses is probably a good variable for us on a go forward basis.
Jamie Feldman: And then, I guess, just kind of sitting where we are in the cycle, everyone's talking about very low level of starts. I guess that means a stronger '26, '27 across all markets, rates pulling back a little bit. We'll see what spending looks like from the different candidates out there if rates stay low. But you talked about how strong your balance sheet is. How aggressive do you feel like you need to be right now on the investment front to kind of catch the early part of the cycle or do you think you can be patient? And just what does the landscape look like, whether it's from your perspective or competing buyers' perspective on the macro picture and putting capital to work?
Joe Fisher: Maybe I'll kick it off just from a high-level perspective, how we're thinking about capital and then toss it to Andrew, he can kind of talk about what we're seeing in the market with buyers and sellers and cap rates today. So I'd say right now, it's a continued capital light strategy for us. We don't have the cost of equity that's compelling today. We don't have a lot that we need to do either on the debt maturity side or the development commitment side today. From an external growth perspective going out there and acquiring utilizing balance sheet capacity isn't really something that makes sense for us in terms of levering up for minimal accretion. When you look at where cap rates are today that Andrew will talk about relative to that cost you're kind of in line to possibly even negative leverage today. And so going out there and utilize the balance sheet capacity for that isn't overly compelling from an FFO accretion perspective. So I'd say continue with the capital light strategy. We are building up a lot of optionality within the development pipeline. And we've got plus or minus four deals that could start in the next 12 to 18 months. So we continue to try to whittle cost out there, wait for rents to come our way, wait for yields and cap rates to keep coming our way. But I think that's where we'll lean in as we get more conviction on the cycle and the cost of capital.
Andrew Kantor: As Joe mentioned, we're going to continue our capital light strategy. We're focused on underwriting deals and presenting those to our joint venture partner. But for the most part, what we're seeing in the market today is many of the large heavyweight firms have signaled that the markets have bottomed out. Cap rates today are plus or minus 5% based on location. The thing that we're seeing that's a little different than we have in the past is that rates have normalized across different markets, and those with higher growth are trading lower -- or trending lower, and those with slower growth are a bit higher and we're seeing that across the board. We're also seeing investors make decisions based on discount to replacement cost in the markets where there's a large disconnect between the cost to build and the cost to buy. We're seeing increased activity in certain buyer groups and that's also helping on the IRR as many investors are able to push reversion values down -- push cap rates down and the reversion to push values up, and their IRR up as some of these markets have substantial discounts to replacement cost.
Jamie Feldman: Just to confirm, so you're seeing that cap rates are -- there's a gap in cap rates between higher growth and lower growth markets? Like what's the delta between the higher and lower growth?
Andrew Kantor: I mean, I would say that cap rates are anywhere from 4.75% to 5.25% for the majority of the assets that are trading today. And so in markets where you don't have a discount to replacement cost and you have low growth, you're obviously going to have to -- those assets are trading at the higher cap rate and then where markets where you have high growth people are willing to push harder for that and that pricing is going to be at the lower cap rates.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Nick Yulico from Scotiabank.
Daniel Tricarico: It's Daniel Tricarico on for Nick. A question for Mike. With respect to the incremental 60 basis points rental rate growth for the year versus the initial guide. Could you put some numbers around how that changed between your different regional exposures?
Mike Lacy: I think, first and foremost, when you think about the 60 bps, what we're assuming for the back half of the year is renewals being, call it, that 4% range, so it would have to be closer to negative 2.5% to get to that number. And so when you think about what that means by region, obviously, we're still sending out 5% through September at this point. There's not a big difference between regions. I'd tell you at the low end, we're probably closer to 3%, 3.5% in the Sunbelt, slightly above that on the Coast. And then when you get to the new lease side what I've been seeing is negative 5%, negative 6% in the Sunbelt. Expectations are that could get a little bit worse as we go into the back half of the year just given that supply is going to still be peaking and you have less demand. But with the Coast, you're probably coming down marginally but not anything significant.
Joe Fisher: And relative to kind of first half, that 60 bps pickup that we saw, we continue to see Sunbelt operating about as expected. The positive surprises have really been coming on the Coast. And I think as we talked about before, DC has been a nice positive surprise for us as well as, San Fran and Seattle picking up on the West Coast. So it's really been the coast of driven the upside to that improved blended lease rate expectation for the full year.
Daniel Tricarico: And actually just following up on DC, there's obviously -- it's been outperforming this year. There's obviously been some benefit on the election and maybe the defense sector spending. So just looking ahead, would you anticipate some level of normalization into next year, especially maybe considering a potential change in administration?
Mike Lacy: I'd tell you, first, what we're seeing there, just size of this market, D.C. has been doing tremendous over the last 60, 90 days. And again, this is 15% of our NOI market. So a very important market for us. We're 40% urban, 60% suburban. Occupancy is in the 97% range today and blends were 5.9% during the quarter compared to 3.4% in the first quarter. So DC has been a strong performer for us. Expectations as we move forward, we're going to have a little bit more supply down around the 14th Street corridor also along the Navy Yard. So we'll continue to see a little bit of pressure there. As it relates to just demand and job growth there, it's too early to tell kind of how that shakes out. But right now, we feel good about that market.
Tom Toomey: I would tell you, election cycles, particularly presidential and the impact on DC, there's not much of a bump. It just turns out these guys put on new jerseys and go to work for somebody else and stay in the marketplace. So I think the dynamic in DC that could change is returned to office and if that takes root and sees a significant return to office, if you will. So we'll wait and see how it plays out. I think we know in about 97 days kind of where that one is going to play.
Operator: Your next question is coming from John Kim from BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: I wanted to follow up with Mike on an answer you gave to Austin's question on new lease rates in July. And I know we don't want to focus too much on one month of data. But I think you mentioned that the July was down 5% to 6% in Sunbelt, up 1% to 2% in coastal markets. That would basically imply that the weakening of the July rates was driven by the coastal sequentially versus Sunbelt. I just wanted to make sure that was the case.
Mike Lacy: John, it's kind of across the board. Like I was saying, when you go from May to July, we saw a little bit more deceleration in the East Coast and now it's probably more specific to a place like Baltimore. New York, DC, they were humming right around 5% to 6% growth. So they've come down a little bit. But for the most part, it's been across the board in terms of new lease growth. And at the same time, we're seeing renewals actually a little bit higher than the Sunbelt today than we were seeing back in May as it relates to some of the coastal markets, upwards of -- we're pushing around 4%, 4.5% in July versus sub-3% back in May in the Sunbelt. And then I'll tell you for the coast it's up closer to 50 to 70 basis points. So a little bit weaker on the new lease side, a little bit stronger on the renewal side and the Sunbelt right now.
John Kim: And then, Joe, you mentioned looking at potentially four different development starts over the next couple of years. What kind of development yields or IRRs do you need to achieve to move forward with those? And you compare that with your DCP investments where you're investing in [indiscernible] or do you compare that versus acquisition yields?
Joe Fisher: So from a development yield perspective, I think the absolute yields that we're seeing available in the marketplace today are actually quite compelling relative to history. The challenge is a little bit was a spread investor relative to either where cap rates are that 5% or our own cost of capital, that's what keeps us a little bit cautious still from a new start perspective. But what we're looking at on those deals is generally on a current basis kind of in that high 5s type of number and then obviously trending higher. So day one, you're kind of looking at a plus or minus 75 to 100 basis point yield differential versus comparable cap rate in that market for that product type and then growing over time. So that's kind of how we're thinking about that piece. We are thinking about, as we've done over time, I think one of the good things about our platform is by investing in a lot of different areas, be it development, DCP, acquisitions, joint ventures, into the platform and to read out whatever it may be, we do tend to pivot and flex those within reason. And so we are looking across DCP and acquisitions as we compare and contrast the returns on the risk. That said, the acquisition side, we are trying to allocate capital there with our joint venture partner, which, as you know, has been a little bit slower. DCP, I'd say, we're a little bit more in that steady state part of the business, that's kind of just under 3% of enterprise and earnings right now. So we feel comfortable with it there. So that's probably more of a recycling piece. So a little bit less of a pivot and compare and contrast amongst DCP and development.
Operator: Next question is coming from Rich Anderson from Wedbush.
Rich Anderson: So just a broader question from me. When you think about the challenges that lay out -- I know you're kind of laying out some conservatism in your numbers for the back half of the year. But when you think of the compounding impact of supply, some stuff that's delivered but 40% or 50% finished. Other stuff that's just getting delivered now is maybe 10% occupied. Are the challenges ahead tougher than they were in the rearview mirror or do you feel like you're kind of past the worst of it right now, when you consider some of the jobs numbers you mentioned and income growth and all that sort of stuff? I'm just curious where your mind is from that standpoint.
Joe Fisher: I guess, maybe kicking it off and others may jump in. As you look at where we're at, let's kind of fall back to last year, kind of September, October, November time frame, that's really where we saw that increase in concessionary activity as deliveries start to ramp up. I think we are in a very different market than where we're at that point in time, right? You look at the capital environment, obviously, and we had a pretty big surge in rates, a gap out in spreads, you also had a drying up of capital availability. And at that point, we were talking about cap rates potentially being in the high 5s up to 6% type of level. So a very different capital environment at that point in time. Also, if you're a developer, you're in kind of seasonally weak period of time, plus looking up at a big stack of deliveries in the year ahead. So a little bit more nervous as you face a refi and think about your rent roll. So I think we've kind of fast forward to a different environment where we, obviously, to date, have avoided the recession, supply, as you look forward over the next year, over the next 12 months, it's better on deliveries than it has been over the last 12 months and the capital environment and demand for assets is much better than anticipated or at least as it was last 4Q. So the environment definitely feels better. That said, we continue to have deliveries that are kind of at levels that we saw in 2Q and 3Q and going into 4Q. So I think that's what keeps us cautious is we don't want to get out over our skis knowing that there's still macro risk out there. And there's also a macro opportunity if jobs keep coming in better, household formations keep coming on better. So it's kind of right to be cautious for now, get through that seasonally weak period of time. And hopefully, we put up better numbers than what we've laid out here and then we'll report back on them and see how that year ends up, but for now being prudent.
Tom Toomey: It's a very provocative question. And it really depends on the time horizon you're trying to look through. And my perspective, the last five years we see more volatility and challenges in the business that we'll probably see in the future. And this feels a lot more like fundamental blocking and tackling type business, which is going to benefit the companies that have diverse investment base and diverse value creators. So as we think about the future, it looks like interest rates are going to settle around about 5%, we're going to continue to print deficits. And that's a very financeable product, meaning multifamily. Supply demand fundamentals always in a shortage. Can you time out the window when you get into a market and when you get out? I think we've been pretty darn good at that. And then at the core, can you operate it better than anybody else in the space, and we're really focused on that aspect. So we think all the value creators that we have built over time have an opportunity in the future. And we've got to be smart about pivoting to it. The window in the short run, seen supply quite a bit bigger than this in market basis. It just takes time to absorb threat, price it, adjust. There will be opportunities in those markets. And then it is United States. It is a resilient, capable country that always finds a way to grow. So I'm encouraged about the future. Grateful for the last five years were kind of in the rearview mirror for us.
Rich Anderson: The second question, both EQR Avalon Bay are looking at 25% exposure to the Sunbelt, you're already there. I wonder imitation best form of flattery, I don't know what to make of that. Is that the efficient frontier, though, in your mind, that balance of coastal versus Sunbelt when you've gone through what you're going through now?
Tom Toomey: I think it's an interesting question. Joe probably have a lot more thoughtful answer. We like our balance to present. I like what Chris and the team have done when they look at it on an analytical basis and trying to uncover cities of the future, if you will. If you realized 10 years ago, Nashville was kind of a warehouse of capital for us and turned out to be a dynamic city that grew tremendously, Austin, the similar type aspect. So trying to find the next wave of cities that will prosper in a new economy, I think it's really kind of where we're thinking about. We like the base that we're starting with. We certainly like the theory of buying the one next door where we have a low risk, high success rate. So I like the platform as is. We'll always look at kind of what markets we need to grow to and which markets we need to shrink. But that's a dynamic aspect that we sit back and look at three year windows, five year windows and 10 years.
Operator: Next question is coming from Adam Kramer from Morgan Stanley.
Adam Kramer: Just looking at the same store revenue guidance range, it looks like it's a 200 basis point kind of range low end to the high end. If I compare us to the peers or compare that to even kind of your own guidance range in the past and in the second quarter, I think it's a bit wider than those. So just wondering, thinking about kind of your comments earlier, too, about kind of an unchanged view with regards to the second half relative to your guidance earlier in the year. Wondering kind of what drives that wider range of potential outcomes for kind of the second half of the year?
Joe Fisher: I mean there's certain specific drivers as you go in, right, between occupancy volatility, do we continue to have a great performance in other income as we have in the first half, how does lender lease rates and market rent growth perform. And so given the aspects of volatility that we kind of laid out there and the unknowns, it just felt prudent. I think it's not lost on any of us here on this side of the table at least that last year we probably tried to get a little bit too tight and get a little bit more accurate as we went into the back half. And we are surprised with a little bit of a swing in activity in September, October, November. And I don't think anyone here has the desire to repeat that. And so does a wider range help with that? Of course. Does being conservative in the back half help with that? Of course. So I think it's going to be about how do we finish the rates, not how do we update throughout the year. So hopefully, we can deliver strong and be talking about it on our third quarter call as we kind of have greater visibility into closing out the year and then, of course, the earn in into next year, which we're clearly very focused on as we push these renewals up.
Adam Kramer: And then just kind of maybe tying back to your answer, Rich, from a couple of minutes ago. Just thinking about kind of the cadence of deliveries, you mentioned this fall, obviously, into next year. And then again, not asking you for a specific month or maybe even a specific quarter here. But just thinking about kind of when pricing power will return in the Sunbelt, right, kind of given the cadence of deliveries. When do you think you'll be able to kind of push pricing kind of push market rent growth again kind of above and beyond the typical CECL curve?
Mike Lacy: It's something we're going to continue to monitor very closely, Adam. And I'd tell you right now, it's -- you're not going to see new lease growth go positive here in the near term. But obviously, as we turn the corner next year, you're starting to anniversary of easier comps and you are seeing us get a little bit more aggressive as it relates to renewal growth. So could blend start to go up as we get into next year, I think they could. But for now, we're taking a day by day and obviously looking at our total revenue growth as our strategy going forward.
Operator: The next question is coming from [Indiscernible] from UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one for me. To get a better apples-to-apples comparison with peers who are seeing a same store revenue benefit from improving bad debt. Do you have a calculation for what your same store revenue growth would be if you were using the same or similar accrual process as peers?
Joe Fisher: We do not have that. To be honest, I don't think any of us really provide full and absolute disclosure on methodologies. I think all of us try to utilize the methodology that's most appropriate and what we believe best represents kind of the existing residence base and AR that we have. And so we've been very consistent throughout on our approach. I don't think we have necessarily the same volatility that perhaps others do as you have residents go in and out of the different pools. But I think it has worked for us, I'd say we're roughly 50% reserved today on our total AR balance, which really is meant to cover what those individuals are that are in eviction at this point in time that we don't think they are going to be collectible. The rest is due to our typical slightly late payers or payment plans that may be out there. So we feel good about where we're at today. We continue to see long term delinquents come down in the portfolio. So we had been stuck at kind of 250 or so long term delinquents. I think a lot of the activity that we've had from a screening perspective, from a credit standard perspective, process improvements, we've gone under 200 on that front, so that's helping whittle down some of that AR and the need for reserve. And cash collections, obviously and versus that, they continue to improve a little bit on the margin. So we've seen first half bad debt come in a little bit better. So maybe it's help in the numbers plus minus 10 bps year-over-year. We believe there's more to come in the second half as we get these long term delinquents down in some of the screening we talked about earlier. So hopefully, that is a upside to our numbers as we go forward, but it's hard to say what peers would be at.
Operator: Next question is coming from Alexander Goldfarb from Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: I'll just ask one question. There's a lot of discussion over this early peak of June versus is there going to be a double peak. You guys have obviously talked about the nuance and what's going on leasing East Coast, West Coast, Sunbelt. But it really seems like we're splitting hairs. I mean most of the percentages are within a few points of each other and generally almost seem like normal seasonality volatility like normal course. So is your view that what you guys are talking about and what we're hearing from peers is really anything other than normal seasonality and normal variances or are there truly specific things that you're seeing that give you true pause?
Joe Fisher: I don't think there is anything that's giving us true pause today. Mike talked about still being at the 1.8 residents per unit, the collections, the traffic. The volatility in our blends, as Mike talked about, is really the result of a pricing strategy. We felt really good in April and May with high occupancy. We are seeing good traffic. We're going into the first part of leasing season. So if you're going to test rents that's the time to do it. We were seeing really good numbers. So we pushed aggressively. Mike said, we pushed over 2x what we normally would at that point in time. And ultimately, the market reacted. We tried to push, market reacted, we lost a little bit of occupancy and we pulled back, we found the equilibrium. And so that's why occupancy stabilized, that's why news and blends are stabilizing here. So I think that's the volatility. If we didn't do that, I don't think we'd be doing our job. We saw a window to push, we pushed it the right time of the year. At the same time, I think Mike has talked a lot about kind of the separate pricing strategy that exists on renewals where retention and customer experience are going great. And so why don't we push there and that seems to be working out. So I think you're right, it's normal course volatility. We're talking kind of 25, 50 bps here and there but it's a result of what we're trying to push and the market push backed a little bit.
Operator: Next question is coming from [Ann Chan] from Green Street.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one question for me. Out of the 300 bps retention improvement achieved in 2Q, it looks like most regions saw around a 50 bps year-over-year improvement. West Coast a little bit more flat. Could you comment on particular markets or trends by strategy that might cap retention growth a little bit more muted relative to the other regions, and how that reads through for the rest of the year?
Mike Lacy: I would tell you, with some of these regions, you do have some markets that have a little bit more volatility. And for us, I think we have Monterey Peninsula where we do have migrant workers that come in and out of that market. So that's typically higher on the turnover. But for the others, it's been pretty consistent. We've seen a decrease pretty much across the board. And while some of this has to do with the fact that we have just far fewer people moving out to buy homes pretty much across the board, a lot of this has to do with all the things that we put into the customer experience project. And again, we think that this will continue to pay dividends. But Joe just mentioned it again as well, we do want to test our rents as well. And so we'll look at different levers to see what we can drive through this initiative. But so far, so good. But again, West Coast, you have to really dive into some of the markets and I think a lot of that was driven by [Salinas].
Operator: Your next question is coming from Linda Tsai from Jefferies.
Linda Tsai: Just one question. Sunbelt market from where you sit today to see new lease growth hit flat or slightly positive soonest?
Mike Lacy: Not Austin. Austin is continuing to see probably the lease growth, and I expect that's going to continue for a little while. Starting to see a little bit more inflection in places like Florida for us compared to Texas. And so maybe we could see it in Tampa as we go into next year. But right now, I'd say, Texas is probably a little bit more under fire followed by Nashville and then Florida would be third in terms of Sunbelt markets.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mason Guell from Baird.
Mason Guell: On the preferred equity investments that are maturing soon, what are your plans for these investments now the associated assets stabilized?
Andrew Kantor: So if you look at the numbers that are in the supplement for the maturity dates on those different investments, those are without extension options. So currently, all of the DCPs that are maturing within the year have some form of extension option available. So we're talking to those developers, those developers are looking at different opportunities to either recap their asset, to sell their assets or to extend their asset, but each is a different conversation.
Operator: We reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to hand the floor back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey, for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, operator. And thank you all for your time, interest and support of UDR. We look forward to seeing many of you at the Evercore ISI and Bank of America Conferences in September and other upcoming events and tours. So with that, enjoy the balance of your summer. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you. Mr. Trujillo, you may begin. 
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's Quarterly Financial Results Conference Call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements.  
 Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements.  
 When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to 1 plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call today.  
 I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey. 
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. Presenting on the call with me today are President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher; and Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy; Senior Officers, Andrew Cantor; and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A at the end of the call.  
 2024 is off to a very solid start. Due to better fundamental backdrop than initially expected and the operating strategies we continue to employ to outgrow competitors in our markets. Positive fundamental drivers for industry include: first, year-to-date employment creation of approximately 800,000 jobs has already exceeded initial full year economist consensus growth expectations. 
 Second, more than 100,000 newly delivered apartment homes were absorbed during the first quarter. The strongest first quarter in over 2 decades. Adding to that, total housing deliveries remained stable and development starts continue to decline. This bodes well for rent growth in the years ahead. And third, renting an apartment is on average 60% more affordable than owning a single-family home in the markets where we operate. A cycle best level of relative affordability.  
 These trends, combined with the operating tactics we utilize have led to positive momentum across all key operating metrics. This includes more robust traffic, higher leasing activity, lower turnover, lower concessions, higher occupancy and better pricing power than originally expected. In all, this translates to what I would characterize as green sprouts. Mike will provide additional details in his remarks.  
 However, as we only have completed the first 4 months of the year, we remain wary of the volatile and elevated interest rate environment and the effect it may have on pricing and concessions of lease up communities, given the heightened new supply the industry faces in 2024. We feel good about 2024 thus far, but we would like to see more evidence of continued operating momentum as we progress through a peak leasing season before revisiting our full year guidance.  
 Big picture, I remain optimistic on the long-term growth prospects of the multifamily industry and UDR's unique competitive advantages that should enhance that growth. We have a strong culture, a talented team with a robust track record of performance, and we continue to invest in our associates and embrace technology to create value for all of UDR stakeholders.  
 Finally, I'd like to take a moment to celebrate the upcoming retirement of Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, Harry Alcock who will soon be transitioning to a consulting role with a focus on sourcing transactions. Harry and I have worked together for approximately 30 years, and he has been a trusted partner through all of it. He helped UDR grow to be a thriving $20 billion enterprise we are today while also grooming our next wave of talented investment and development professionals. Harry, thank you for all you have done and we all look forward to working with you in your new role.  
 With that, I will turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Lacy: Thanks, Tom. Today, I'll cover the following topics. Our first quarter same-store results, early second quarter 2024 trends and how they factor into our full year 2024 same-store growth guidance. An update on our various innovation initiatives and expectations for operating trends across our regions.  
 To begin, first quarter year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI growth of 3.1% and 1.2%, respectively, and 0.4% sequential same-store revenue growth were slightly above our expectations. These results were driven by: first, 0.8% blended lease rate growth, which resulted from nearly 4% renewal rate growth and new lease rate growth of negative 2.5%. New lease rate growth improved 260 basis points versus fourth quarter results as concessions decreased by approximately half of a week on average.  
 Second, 35% annualized resident [ turn ] was 400 basis points better than the prior year. The 630 basis point delta between new and renewal rate growth when combined with higher retention led to a favorable outcome. And third, occupancy remained strong at 97.1%, supported by healthy traffic and leasing volume. 
 New York, Washington, D.C., San Francisco and Seattle, which collectively constitute 36% of our same-store pool for standouts, averaging nearly 98% during the quarter.  
 Shifting to expenses. Year-over-year same-store expense growth of 7.5% in the first quarter was in line with our expectations and inflated by a tough comp against the onetime $3.7 million payroll tax credit we recorded and disclosed in the first quarter of 2023. After excluding this credit, our year-over-year same-store expense growth would have been a more reasonable 4%.  
 Moving on, strong core operating trends have continued into the second quarter and every key revenue metric is exceeding our expectations through the first 4 months of the year. First, blended lease rate growth continued to accelerate from approximately 1% in March to roughly 2% in April, with concessions stabilizing at lower levels than the fourth quarter of 2023. All regions have demonstrated sequential blended lease rate growth improvement versus March. With our West Coast and mid-Atlantic regions showing the most strength at approximately 3.5%.  
 Based on current trends, we expect May blended lease rate growth to demonstrate further sequential improvement.  
 Second, resident retention continues to compare well against historical norms. Due in part to our customer experience project, which I will touch on later, April retention is 400 basis points above prior year levels, representing the 12th consecutive month our year-over-year turnover has improved.  
 Third, occupancy is holding firm in the high 96% range. Strong demand from continued job and wage growth has allowed us to simultaneously operate with high occupancy and push rental rate while maintaining rent income levels in the low 20% range.  
 And fourth, other income continued to grow at approximately 10% in April, similar to what we achieved in the first quarter. As a reminder, other income constitutes roughly 10% of our total revenue. We remain pleased with the trajectory of our other income initiatives such as the rollout and penetration of building-wide WiFi, which contributes significantly to incremental same-store revenue growth.  
 Looking ahead, we reaffirmed our full year 2024 same-store growth guidance in conjunction with our release. We are encouraged by the strength of macroeconomic indicators, such as year-to-date job growth and wage growth and the effect those demand drivers have had on our key performance indicators thus far. But we remain somewhat cautious given the volatile and elevated interest rate environment combined with peak supply deliveries yet to come.  
 Turning to regional trends. Our coastal results have been above our expectations, while Sunbelt markets are in line and trending better. More specifically, the East Coast, which comprises approximately 40% of our NOI, was our strongest region in the first quarter. Boston, Washington, D.C. and New York all performed well with weighted average occupancy of 97.5%.  
 Blended lease rate growth was nearly 2.5%, and same-store revenue growth was 4.25%, which is slightly above the high end of our full year expectations for the region. We expect this regional strength to continue.  
 The West Coast, which comprises approximately 35% of our NOI has performed better than expected. At the beginning of the year, we anticipated San Francisco and Seattle would lag our West Coast markets. While revenue growth results in the first quarter show this to be true on an absolute basis, both markets saw new lease rate growth improved by nearly 900 points compared to our fourth quarter results. The momentum in these markets has exceeded our expectations due to various employers, more strictly enforcing return to office mandates as well as increased office leasing activity from technology and AI companies.  
 Lastly, our Sunbelt markets, which comprise roughly 25% of our NOI, continue to lag our coastal markets due to elevated levels of new supply, but have performed in line with our expectations. Better drop growth in these markets appear to be bolstering demand and absorption. And similar to other regions, we have seen Sunbelt concessions stabilize. 
 Sequential blended lease rate growth accelerate and retention improve. We remain cautious on the Sunbelt in the near term but have been pleasantly surprised by its recent trajectory. These regional dynamics reinforce the value of a diversified portfolio across markets and price points that allow us to pivot our short- and long-term operating strategies to maximize revenue and NOI growth.  
 Moving on, we continue to make progress on various innovation projects that will benefit same-store growth in 2024 and beyond. One example of this is our customer experience project. We have consistently outperformed the public and private markets on NOI and margins over time due to the focus on our leading operating platform and innovative culture, which has historically driven all aspects of income growth, operating efficiencies and contained our cost structure. 
 We are now turning to the next phase of our platform which focuses on customer experience and retention. Through our proprietary data hub and the millions of data points we have accumulated over the last 7 years, we have found that 50% of resident turnover is controllable. In that, those residents with positive experiences and scores were new at a rate, 20% higher than those with bad experiences. Knowing this, we see an opportunity to improve retention by 5% to 10% versus the industry average of 50%, resulting in a $15 million to $30 million incremental NOI opportunity.  
 To capture this upside, we now track and score every interaction with our residents. This has allowed us to make a transformational shift in the way we do business with a move from being transactional in nature to a focus on the lifetime value of our customer. We are equipping our UDR team members with tools, training and the ability to prevent or rectify bad customer experiences which we believe over the coming 2 to 3 years will materially improve the [ rent ] experience and our relative turnover. This should positively impact pricing occupancy, other income, expenses and margin as well.  
 My thanks go out to the UDR associates nationwide, they remain committed to delivering on our strategic priorities. You rightfully deserve credit for embracing our innovative culture and improving how we conduct our business.  
 I will now turn over the call to Joe. 
Joseph Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our first quarter results and our updated full year guidance, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Our first quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.61 achieved the midpoint of our previously provided guidance and was supported by same-store revenue and NOI growth that was slightly above our expectations. The modest sequential FFOA decline was driven by an approximately [ $0.015 ] decrease from same-store NOI, primarily due to higher expenses attributable to seasonal patterns and approximately [ $0.005 ] decrease from higher interest expense and G&A. 
 Looking ahead, our second quarter FFOA per share guidance range is $0.60 to $0.62 with a $0.61 midpoint flat compared to the first quarter due to nominal expected changes across NOI, interest expense and G&A.  
 Year-to-date, operating results are trending above our initial expectations. But with macro uncertainty and peak leasing season ahead of us, we have reaffirmed our full year 2024 same-store growth guidance ranges and plan to revisit them in the future. However, we did increase our full year FFOA per share guidance range by $0.02 due to the joint venture successful refinancing of its senior construction loan at our DCP investment in Philadelphia with no additional investment from UDR. Having addressed this risk, there are no remaining DCP senior loan maturities until 2025.  
 In addition to the Philadelphia investment, there remain 3 additional DCP investments totaling approximately $50 million on our watch list with no material changes since the fourth quarter. Beyond this, our remaining $440 million of DCP investments are performing well as they were primarily 2021 and 2022 vintage developments, which have not encountered material construction cost overruns or delays and are performing in line to above pro forma on rents.  
 Next, a transactions and capital markets update. First, in alignment with our capital-light strategy, we made no acquisitions, new DCP investments or development starts during the first quarter. We remain active in evaluating potential acquisitions through our joint venture with LaSalle and are optimistic on the ability to complete additional accretive deals in the coming quarters.  
 Second, during the quarter, we completed construction of a $54 million 85-unit townhome community in Dallas, Texas. This community adds density to our existing Addison portfolio while offering residents a complementary living option. Our current development pipeline consists of just 1 community in Tampa, Florida, totaling 330 homes at a budgeted cost of $134 million with 94% of this cost already incurred, thereby limiting our forward funding commitments.  
 And third, during the quarter, we completed the previously disclosed sale of Crescent Falls Church, a 214-home apartment community in the Washington, D.C. area at a mid-5% buyer's cap rate for proceeds of approximately $100 million. 
 Finally, our investment-grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first, we have nearly $1 billion of liquidity as of March 31. Second, we have only [ $113 ] million of consolidated debt or approximately 0.6% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through the end of the year and only 11% of total consolidated debt scheduled to mature through 2026, thereby reducing future refinancing risk. 
 Our proactive approach to manage on our balance sheet has resulted in the best 3-year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 3.4%. And third, our leverage metrics remain strong. Debt-to-enterprise value was just 30% at quarter end, while net debt-to-EBITDAre was 5.7x, which is approximately a half turn better versus pre-COVID levels.  
 In all, our balance sheet and liquidity remain in excellent shape. We remain opportunistic in our capital deployment, and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to drive long-term accretion. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. 
Nicholas Joseph: Maybe just starting on the same-store revenue. Obviously, the first quarter was a bit better than what you expected, but hoping you could actually quantify kind of what your expectations were versus the 3.1% that you put up? 
Michael Lacy: Nick, it's Mike. I'll take the first crack at it. What we're looking at, and as a reminder, we had 70 basis points of blends for the year. And I would tell you, our blends right now in the first quarter, running about 20 basis points higher to start the year. But April, May trend even higher, I'd say, about 100 basis points higher than what we had in our original business plan going into the year. 
 So to quantify that, if we were able to sustain that 1%, that equals to about $8 million and for us on our revenue line, that's about 50 basis points. So again, it's early in the season right now. We want to see how the next 30, 60 days play out, but right now, we feel really good about where we're trending. 
Nicholas Joseph: That's helpful. And how about on the occupancy and the other income side relative to initial expectations? 
Michael Lacy: Occupancy in the first quarter was about 10, 20 basis higher than we expected. And over the last 30 days or so, we brought that down. So we're running right around [ 96.9% ] today. Expectations are, we'll continue to see that probably migrate down maybe 10 or 20 bps as we continue to push our blends a little bit higher. So overall, I'd say occupancy is pretty much on target through the first 4 months or so. 
 Other income, though, great. I mean I'll tell you, we were 10% above last year to start the year. April is trending in the same direction. That's probably 200 to 300 basis points higher than we originally thought. And a lot of that has to do with the success from the teams and it is really driving these initiatives home. So right now, other income feels really strong. And a lot of this just point back to our strategy, and we've talked about this over the last couple of months. It's start the year with high occupancy, start to push our blends, test the water as we have demand, and it's all starting to play out for us today. 
Nicholas Joseph: That's helpful. And then you touched on the prepared remarks about the benefits of the low turnover that continues to drive lower the high retention. When you look at the renewals you've sent out for May and June, I guess. First of all, where are those renewals going out? And then is there anything from a take perspective or a negotiating perspective that gives you any indications that turnover won't continue to stay low or even trend lower from here? 
Michael Lacy: Mike, again, good question, Nick. Right now, we're sending out around, was around [ 3.8% ] through June on renewals. And then in July, we just sent out about 4.5% growth. So we are getting a little bit more aggressive on renewals, but at the same time, we're really pushing our market rents. So we're trying to compress the new and renewals. And I think what you saw from us in the first quarter was about a 600 basis point difference between new and renewal. My expectations -- that's going to come down to around 300 to 400 basis points as we move throughout the second quarter. And that's really setting us up to drive total blends, which is equating to total revenue growth a little bit ahead of our expectations. 
Operator: Next question, Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Austin Wurschmidt: Mike, you commented -- I want to hit back on the leasing trends about May, lease rate growth improving versus April. You talked about how things have kind of trended. I think, through the first quarter into April relative to expectation. But which markets are really driving that improvement into May? And maybe where are you becoming a little bit more aggressive on the renewal rate growth. And then do you think you can kind of keep retention or keep occupancy high while pushing a little bit harder? 
Michael Lacy: Yes. Great question, Austin. We are seeing more strength based on our own expectations coming into the year really out of the West Coast. Right now, we've talked a little bit about what we've experienced in Seattle and San Francisco. And we're starting to see same thing coming out of the East Coast, New York is really picking up as demand picks up. So a lot of strength coming out of our coastal markets, and that's where we're seeing on an absolute basis, the highest rents. 
 And I'll tell you the one that's benefit price as of late and thankfully, it's 15% of our NOI is D.C. It's really starting to come on strong, starting to see blends in that plus 4% to 5% growth. And a lot of that has to do with getting more aggressive to your point on renewal, seeing that they're very sticky, and it's allowing us to drive our market ramp up as well and it's translating into positive new lease growth. So overall, the Coast feel very strong. But in addition to that, Sunbelt's hanging in there. And what I'm experiencing today is momentum on a month-over-month basis, seeing positive trends coming out of those parts of the country as well. So overall, things feel very positive there. 
Austin Wurschmidt: So yes, my follow-up kind of wanted to dig in a little further on sort of the positive surprise or seemingly like you're -- I feel fairly good about the Sunbelt relative to expectations. So I mean, would you be willing to say that the worst is behind you in the Sunbelt and that potentially the benefit of better job growth and maybe easier comps in the back half of the year could lead to continued acceleration? What are sort of the updated thoughts on the outlook through the balance of the year? 
Michael Lacy: Yes, Austin. That's been getting a lot of questions on the Sunbelt. So maybe let me step back a second, just give you a little bit more color. And as a reminder to the group is, that's about 25% of our NOI. And to your point, we know supply is -- it's a certainty. And it's in front of us. Peak deliveries are still right around the corner, but at the same time, it's during peak demand. So that's a positive, and we're seeing stronger job growth as well as demand is a little bit stronger. And a lot of that has to do with record absorption. So overall, while it feels good, we're cautiously optimistic just given that supply is still coming. 
 But just to give you a little bit more color on what we're seeing on the ground, I think things that we look at, first and foremost, are the concessions. And I would point to, in Texas today, we're seeing 1.5 weeks. And in Florida, it's about a half a week of concession on our portfolio, which is a pretty significant improvement over the last 6 months and lower than what we're seeing from some of the comps in those areas. 
 In addition to that, occupancy in the Sunbelt, we're running around 96.5% to 96.7% today. So still very healthy occupancy. And again, we're seeing blends improving on a month-over-month basis. And just to give you a couple of stuff. In April, we were negative 1.5% in the Sunbelt for blends. That compares to negative 2.2% during the first quarter. And I'd tell you, May is shaping up to be even better. So overall, blends continue to improve. But where I'm most excited is our other income. And we've been driving home some of our initiatives in the Sun Belt, I think specifically the bulk Internet rollout that's really taking hold. It's allowing us to drive our other income above 10% in that part of the country, and it's allowing us to drive our total revenue. So again, cautiously optimistic given that peak supply is in front of us. But it's a much better position knowing that demand is also coming at the same time. 
Austin Wurschmidt: And then can you just clarify, did you guys underwrite 5% other income growth for the year? 
Michael Lacy: We were between 5% to 7% growth on our other income line. And again, we're holding around 10% today. So that's a 200 to 300 basis points improvement from what we originally expected. 
Operator: Next question is Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. 
Steve Sakwa: Mike, I appreciate all the comments on some of the trends by market. I'm just curious in the Sunbelt, given that we've got heavy deliveries coming over the next 4 quarters. Is it your expectation that the better trends continue? Or has this maybe been either a little bit of low in supply or maybe stronger demand? And like, I guess, how are you thinking about those concession trends maybe over the next several quarters? 
Michael Lacy: Yes, Steve, we still think that peak supply is -- it's going to hit us here in the next couple of quarters. So we're going to continue to watch that, lean into the things that we control. And again, that's where we're hitting our other income and driving our results against the peers on a relative basis. But we do expect that we're going to continue to take the headwind just given supplies in front of us for the next 6 to 12 months in that market. 
Tom Toomey: Steve, this is Toomey. Just to add some more color, and I think we had it in our prepared remarks. The record absorption in the first quarter, high for 2 decades. The jobs number, I think, has surprised us all through the balance of the year. If that continues, the Sunbelt has a pretty good path, if you will, and absorb it. I'm not sure betting on the jobs market, going into an election cycle is a very strong bet on that piece of equation. 
 Second, we're still a little low from last September, October when we saw interest rates spike and we saw a developer's panic and go to a heavy concession template in that supply type market, setting. 
 And I think we just will kind of be prudent for us to just play it through and see how it falls. I wouldn't get overly optimistic or pessimistic. It's just easier for us to say we're going to play it month by month and see what the traction is with respect to new and renewals. But right now, after 4 months, headed into the [indiscernible] feel better than we expected. 
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then maybe one for Joe. Just as you think about maybe any opportunities for capital deployment. I know you probably don't like where your stock is trading, but how are you thinking about any kind of investment opportunities, whether it's DCP or land purchases for future developments? Like just kind of where are the recurrent opportunities? Where is the opportunity set today? 
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Steve. So I'd say number one, balance sheet remains in a phenomenal position. So liquidity-wise, maturities sources and uses all look to be in a really good position. So we're able to kind of sit back and be in this capital environment and wait to pivot to offense. I'd say opportunity wise, the transaction market was finding -- footing there in terms of agreement on where cap rates were and buyers and sellers were coming together. Obviously, this recent surge in rates creates a little bit more of an unknown in that environment. And so we're kind of sit back trying to see where valuation starts to settle out here a little bit. 
 But where we probably tried to target today 2 different areas. One is on the JV acquisition side. JV that we put together with LaSalle last year, we'd, of course, like to continue to deploy with them as we did in the fourth quarter. So trying to find deals in our existing markets, deals down the street and then get the additional upside from the fee stream that comes off of that. So continue to show them a lot of transactions to help to get some things done here in the coming quarters with them. 
 The other area is within the DCP pipeline, while we're not seeing much on traditional DCP given that we're not seeing a lot of new starts and activity there. We are seeing a little bit more on the recap opportunity side. And so as we look ahead to potential paydowns or payoffs that may come out of that DCP pipeline in the next 12 months, we're starting to evaluate some opportunities for redeployment to put some capital out there on that front. 
 On the development side, you mentioned that we've got a really good land pipeline right now with a lot of deals that are shovel ready. And so that team has just continued to work out cost and monitor the market and wait to see where we get on some of those yields before we start some of those. But we've got a really good opportunity to hit that hard as well once the market comes into our favor. 
Operator: The next question, Josh Dennerlein with Bank of America. 
Joshua Dennerlein: Just wanted to hit on some of the expenses. I was looking at Attachment 8. There's a couple of markets where you had some pretty big jumps year-over-year like Seattle, Boston, Monterey Peninsula. Anything going on in those markets that we should be aware of on the expense side? 
Michael Lacy: Yes. Josh, I would say, first and foremost, you have to remember the CARES, we're anniversarying off of that. So as a whole, that had about, call it, 350 basis point growth rate. So if we didn't have that, we would have been 4% overall. But specific to some of these markets, Seattle, as an example, we had taxes go up about 9%. So that drove a little bit more growth there, a place like Monterey Peninsula, utilities were up 7%. So you have some of these other factors that are in play in addition to what we're anniversarying off of given the CARES Act. So that's driving some of the higher growth if you will. 
Joseph Fisher: Just to add to that because we did get a couple of questions overnight on the expense number. I think we did a great job of telegraphing what was going on there with the CARES Act comp in 1Q. And I think a lot of notes noted that, but that was in line to slightly better than we had expected. So that 7.5% overall expense growth number was definitely not a surprise to us. So as it relates to the range for the rest of the year, we definitely see the path to see that year-over-year number come down here for the next 3 quarters. And when you look at the initiatives around that, be it additional automation of leasing, more no staff properties, some of the stuff we're doing with sweet spot maintenance, some of the purchasing. We still got a lot of initiatives out there to keep that expense number controlled as we have in the past. So I would not let 1Q scare you in terms of is that going to be a recurring issue for us. 
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. I appreciate that. And then back on other income, just kind of curious what's driving the outperformance in the other income line? You mentioned the building-wide WiFi. Is that like people can sign up any time? Or I kind of thought is that like lease renewal or when there's a new lease signed. So any color there would be great. 
Michael Lacy: Yes. So let me give you a little bit more color just again -- the other income, it does make up over 10% of our total revenue. And so on our stack, we're looking at about, call it, $40 million and 1/4 of that growth came from the rollout of our bulk Internet. And so we did see about $1 million benefit during the quarter compared to about $100,000 last year. So the majority of it is coming from rolling out that initiative. 
 In addition to that, I'd tell you, the team is doing a really good job just driving some of our other initiatives as it relates to running out common area spaces or adding parking, in terms of more of sign spots there. We're pushing up some of our short-term furnished rentals and then will continue to lean into some of the package lockers. So you put all that together and you're looking at about a 10% increase on a year-over-year basis. And again, April, May look like they're tracking the same. 
Operator: Next question, Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo. 
James Feldman: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about how Class A versus B is performing across the markets, across your portfolio? 
Michael Lacy: Sure. I'll take that. So B outperformed our A's on a blended basis at the portfolio level by about 50 basis points. So what we saw was 1% growth versus 0.5%. And I'll tell you the Sunbelt deviated from the recent trends we talked about last year where B's were underperforming A's across the board. And this does suggest that the supply dynamics are impacting A's more than B's across the Sunbelt, which is more in line with traditional supply dynamics. So overall, it feels like it's normal steady state today, and these are doing a little bit better. 
James Feldman: Okay. And then you talked broadly about the Sunbelt, but can you just get a little bit more granular on the trends? You mentioned Texas, but as Dallas different than Austin and then even Florida, Tampa, Orlando and then Nashville, which, of course, it's not Florida. But can you just talk more granularly about those markets? Or are they all pretty much doing exactly what you said in your broader Sunbelt comments? 
Michael Lacy: I may give you a little bit more color on the makeup of those regions and what we're seeing today. I think first and foremost, starting with Florida. Florida makes up about 10% of our NOI, and it's really split between Tampa and Orlando. Let's say, Tampa, we have about 20% urban, 80% suburban portfolio. We're seeing concessions around 0.3 weeks today. Occupancy is running in that mid-96% range. and Orlando is very similar. So we're seeing about 0.3% weeks concession. Occupancy is a little bit higher at 96.9%. Blends are still slightly negative, but they continue to improve. And so Florida feels like it's on track with our original expectations for the year, specific to Texas, similar in the sense that Texas is about 10% of our NOI, but the majority of this is coming out of Dallas. 
 So Dallas is 8% of our NOI market, where 15% urban, 85% suburban. We are seeing elevated concessions around 1.5 weeks today, but that has improved from 2.5 weeks about 60 days ago. And we're able to run occupancy in that mid-96% range. So overall, pretty decent numbers coming out of Dallas. 
 Austin, probably one of the weaker-performing markets today for us. And again, this is only 2% of our NOI. So it's a relatively small market, seeing concessions in that 2-week range, which is probably the highest in our entire portfolio, and that's where we're facing the majority of our supply. But we're still running 96.7% occupancy. You can see in here, volumes are still negative, but they are improving. So again, cautiously optimistic on a lot of these Sunbelt markets. But today, they're performing at expectations. 
Operator: Next question is Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. 
Anthony Paolone: Maybe, Mike, for you -- I mean you talked about how high the retention is and just the strength of the renewal rates. And so I'm just wondering, like is there a loss-to-lease in portfolio still? Or as we look over the course of the year, does -- do you think this flips to like a gain-to-lease, or how should we think about that and that divergence between new and renewal spreads? 
Michael Lacy: Yes. Tony, what we're seeing today is a loss to lease right around, call it, 2% to 2.5%. Typically, that grows as you go through the demand period over the next 3 to 6 months, and then it starts to trail off towards the end of the year. But right now, our loss-to-lease is hovering right around that 2% to 2.5% range today. 
 And I got to tell you, I'm really excited about what the team has done with the customer experience project. And I gave a lot of high level information in my prepared remarks. But I think it's important just to dive into some of the things that we're doing. And I think, first and foremost, our intention was to capture millions of data points. And by that, I mean, we captured every voice mail, text message, e-mail, surveys, service requests, every personal interaction. 
 And so secondary to that was to develop these proprietary resident community-specific dashboards that chronologically align interactions. I think that's the keyword. It's chronologically putting these in order, so our teams know exactly what's happening at any given time. And I'll tell you finally taking all this information and scoring each experience to gauge real-time sentiment to orchestrate a better leading experience has been huge for us. 
 And so while it doesn't go unnoticed that people aren't moving out to buy homes as much as they were, say, last year or the year before, this is a big dial mover  for us and something that our teams are really leaning into. 
Joseph Fisher: One, just one other thing, too, in terms of kind of that momentum and that loss to lease question, I think probably one of the things we're most excited about on a year-to-date basis, when you look at the combination of our gross rents and that concessionary number coming down since the start of the year, we're actually up plus or minus 3% on effective rents on a year-to-date basis, which through the first 120 days is a really good result relative to historical averages. Obviously, that's being led by East and West Coast doing a little bit better. But even Sunbelt, as Mike talked about, we're seeing market rents move higher there. And so when you worry about that gain to lease, the fact that market rents continue to move higher at the same time that we're pushing our blends both on renewal and new base is higher. We feel pretty good about that trajectory in terms of -- as a forward indicator. 
Anthony Paolone: Okay. That's helpful. And then just the other one, can you comment on what bad debts were in 1Q and whether you expect any improvement from here for the rest of the year? 
Joseph Fisher: Yes. So when we put together guidance, we had assumed a flat year-over-year number from '23 to '24 for bad debts. Most of that really being due to the fact that we think we did a really good job of assessing the AR balances historically and knowing kind of what we are going to receive over time. And I'd say that's continued to play out. 
 The good thing is, from a trend perspective, we are seeing some of those long-term delinquents, but a number of them as well as our average balances, have actually been coming down a little bit as we've seen some of those eviction moratoriums come off and seeing the courts open up. And so we're seeing the numbers get better there. We're seeing end of month and subsequent to month-end collections, continue to improve and be some of the strongest that we've seen throughout COVID. 
 And so the trends right now look pretty good. I'd say, so we're probably a little bit ahead from a bad debt perspective. So I think when we revisit guidance in the future, we'll iron out that number and talk about it a little bit more. But we are really excited about the potential perhaps this year, but definitely going into the future, the actions we're taking and the opportunity that it creates. We've talked about the kind of 1.5% bad debt that we're running at. That's about $25 million a year. 
 But when you factor in all the other costs from vacancy, turn costs, legal spots, CapEx, that's another $25 million right there. So it's kind of a $50 million total opportunity. I'd say the actions on the front door being taken today, be it the ID and income verification and utilizing some of those AI-based tools, adjusting some of our processes and oversight and just getting more eyes on that area. And then raising some of the thresholds around deposit requirements, income verification requirements, credit scores, some of that. We're pretty excited about what that has the potential to do as we move forward into the back half of this year and into next year. And so we hope that that's another leg up in terms of that collection percentage and some of the delinquency stats as we move into the back half. But I think by middle of year this year, we'll hopefully have a little bit more visibility to speak to on some of that. 
Operator: Next question, Michael Goldsmith with UBS. 
Unknown Analyst: This is Amy with Michael. San Francisco and Seattle get a lot of attention, but the UDR portfolio has some significant exposure to Orange County and Monterey within the West Coast markets as well. So I was hoping that you could touch on the supply-demand trends in those markets. 
Michael Lacy: Yes. Let me give you a little bit of color on all of them. I think first, starting with Seattle and San Francisco because we do get a lot of questions regarding those markets. First and foremost, performing better than we would have expected. And a lot of this has to do with things that are unique to our portfolio. So I'll give you an example. Seattle for us, we're not located down in Seattle. So we're not facing as much of the supply pressure as some others are. We're more located in Bellevue and then out in the suburbs. And what we're seeing in a place like Seattle is Amazon's return to work has really helped demand. 
 And in addition to that, the light rail actually just opened up in the last week or so, and that's allowing people who get to Redmond in at least every 10 minutes. So that's allowing some of the Microsoft employees to live in more of these urban settings and have EV access to the suburbs. So that's helped out demand to some degree. 
 I'll tell you what we're seeing in Seattle today, it blends are around 4.5%, and our occupancy is running around 97%. So overall, the fact that we don't have a lot of supply there, it's definitely been helpful. San Francisco, we're 50-50, urban, suburban, we're down in SoMa as well as the Peninsula. 
 We're seeing concessions come down pretty significantly. We're right around 1 week today compared to 2 to 3 weeks, just [indiscernible] days ago. And a lot of this has to do with return to office. I would tell you, incremental steps to cleaning up the city. And then we're seeing AI and biotech jobs return, and we're seeing jobs return as well. 
 So a little bit more demand in San Francisco and not a lot of supply to speak to. So those markets have allowed us to really drive our blends into 2Q. And again, both markets are in that, call it, 4% to 4.5% range. 
 Specific to Orange County, that is 11% of our NOI, was mainly suburban, seeing a lot more growth in the Newport Beach area than call it Huntington Beach as well as Irvine just because we have a little bit more supply that's putting pressure on us there. But overall, Orange County is performing as expected and feels pretty good today. 
Unknown Analyst: Great. And then a quick question on the other income. Improving turnover is certainly positive both for the revenue and expense side. But I'm hoping that you can provide some examples of what sort of that experiences you're seeing that you think that you can do better on from a resident experience side? Like is this, people complaining about loud trash removal or their neighbors or how do you think that you can do better on these items? 
Michael Lacy: That's a really good question. And you'd be surprised to know that rent increases meanwhile, it's a factor, it's 1 of 15 factors, and it's not even in the top 5. And so some of the things that we're finding with going through these millions of data points, it comes down to what you're saying. It comes down to trash, pet waste, noise, the move-in experience. You have to make sure that that's bulletproof. As well as even [ pet ] issues. 
 And so a lot of things that are very controllable, and that's why we're leaning into it. The team is very focused on it. If we can adjust some of these things, we think we can change the trajectory and we're seeing it play out in front of us. But I'll tell you there's a lot more to come. I think there's probably another year to 2 years of learning, and we're going to continue to put training in place. We'll continue to do [indiscernible] testings, and we'll drive this even further as we move throughout this year and into next year. 
Operator: Next question, Nicholas Yulico with Scotiabank. 
Nicholas Yulico: I guess first question, Mike, sorry if I missed this, but -- did you give the new lease rate growth, how that's looking in April for the Northeast? Could you also just explain why that number was a little bit weaker than some other markets in the portfolio in the first quarter. 
Michael Lacy: So we did not provide that, but I'm trying to look through some of my notes here quickly. What I would tell you is new lease growth continues to improve. And when you think about what we just put out there as a whole, on our blends being roughly around call it 2% in April. Our new lease growth is roughly flat. And as we move throughout May, expectations are that's going to turn positive. And I think what we're seeing across the board, whether it's the Northeast or even the West and Southwest regions we're seeing improvement there. And a lot of that has to do with pushing our retention up, holding our renewals at a pretty steady rate and trying to find a happy medium on those blends between new and renewal. We're going to continue to test the water as well we can and see where it takes us. But overall, what we're seeing is a positive momentum pretty much across the board. 
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. Second question is maybe for Tom or Joe, in terms of -- it seems like you have the policy of not revising same-store guidance in the first quarter. And I know you talked about you still want to see the leasing season in the spring play out, and there are some reasons to be cautious in some instances, but you are, it sounds like you are trending above the guidance. So I guess I'm just wondering what is the reason at this point to have that policy since a lot of your peers do adjust in the first quarter. And in fact, I'd say much of the broader REIT market is willing to adjust guidance in the first quarter. So if you could just remind us sort of why you feel strongly about that policy? Or if this is just an instance of situation on the ground. There's still a reason for caution, Sunbelt supply, whatever it is driving that decision. 
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Nick, it's Joe. I'd say as it relates to the broader REIT market, we don't pay a lot of attention to their policies, but I'd just remind everybody, by and large, the broader REIT market is a longer lease duration sector. So maybe a little bit less exposed to the volatility of supply or macros that comes quarter-to-quarter. So as we look at ours -- we've traditionally had that policy with the exception of during COVID when we saw meaningful outperformance to start the year back in '22. 
 And so we traditionally said we're only 120 days in the year. We've got a lot of the leasing season left. We've got a lot of actions that we can take from a capital markets activity perspective, a lot of opportunity to innovate and drive performance, but also a lot of opportunities for supply to creep up on us or macro to creep up on us. And so we typically like to stay conservative, see how the market comes to us, focus on what we can control. And then as we have that news to deliver, we deliver the good news throughout the year and try not to get out of our SKUs.
 Last year, as Tom mentioned, we were surprised by the reaction from some of the developers on the concessionary side to higher rates and some of the new supply coming on. And that surprised us September, October and November, and we had to reduce guidance. By no means is that something that we want to repeat this year at any point in the future. And so that's definitely in the back of our minds as well. 
 And I would say, as it relates to the range, we think the range is still good. If we were well outside the range, then I think we'd have to give it a good thought. But as Mike said, we're trending ahead, ahead does not mean we're exceeding the high end of the range at this point in time based off our internal forecast. So that range is still a good range at this point in time, and we're just doing better than the midpoint. 
Operator: Next question, John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. 
John Kim: I don't think anyone's asked it yet, so I'll give it a shot. Your Attachment 8(E), you no longer provide the market detail on new and renewal spreads. And I was just wondering why decrease that disclosure. I found it very helpful in the past. 
Joseph Fisher: John. So that's part of our annual review that we do with the disclosure committee. They go through and look at best practices throughout the broader REIT space, but also adjust within the multifamily peer group. And so when we looked at what others did around disclosure and the blends, we found that some do regional, some just do portfolio, but we're definitely an outlier with the level of detail that we provided on 20 different markets. 
 And so when we looked at that and looked at the fact that some of these markets may only have 1,000 units in them. When you look at L.A. or Monterey Peninsula, at Richmond and Austin, those are 3 or 4 assets. And I know a lot of investors and analysts utilize us as a read-through to some of the other portfolios that are out there, be it Coastal or Sunbelt. 
 To the extent that you only have 1,000 units in the market, you can get more volatility off of a couple of assets. It's probably not fair for a REIT to do, carry on to others. So we felt that regional, still provided everybody across those 6 or so regions, the amount of detail that they needed to understand, what was going on with our portfolio and potentially regionally for other portfolios. But we did want to remove the detail on individual markets, which Mike can still speak to, but I just want to pull it back a little bit. 
John Pawlowski: Okay. Got it. Joe, you also mentioned on the DCP, the watch list remains at $50 million over 3 investments. It didn't move despite the favorable resolution of 1,300 Fairmount. Can I ask what investment got added to the watch list and what's the likelihood of consolidating when these assets are among these 3 investments? 
Joseph Fisher: Yes. So I'd say it's no change to the watch list. So there's a total of 4 assets on that watch list. It's that Philadelphia DCP that we just went through the successful refi for, plus the 3 others that were still in their last quarter. So 4 in total totaling $150 million. 
 So while we are obviously very pleased on the 1,300 Fairmount transaction to see that refi get done, with no additional investment required from us or the equity partner. That buys 2 years plus a 1-year extension to continue to focus on operations there. Get the NOI trajectory up, get into a potential of different capital markets environment and work through a lot of the supply that's in that submarket right now. So it's kind of a live to fight another day situation. And I'd say, thus far, really pleased with the leasing trends in the last 30 to 60 days. As we see that occupancy number start to pick up from the, call it, high 70s into the mid-80s. And so like the trajectory they're on, but we're still keeping them on the watch list for the time being. 
 The 3 others are roughly $50 million across 3 investments. No change there, it's just simply the NOI yields or the debt yields on those are kind of in that 6% to 7% range. We'd like to see those in the high-single digits as the rest of our portfolio is. 
 And specific to those 4 deals, they kind of had a confluence of the 3 major risks that are out there, right? They had delays or cost overruns due to COVID because they are older vintages. They had challenging submarkets, which pushed down rents and the cash flow stream. And then what everybody is dealing with, which is lower valuations, higher interest rates. So those are kind of the 4 assets that really have only the confluence of those 3. The rest of the portfolio were different vintages, kind of '21, '22 type of vintages where they're in lease-up, the pro formas are in line ahead of expectations. And so debt yields are materially higher. And so we just don't see risk in the rest of the portfolio at this point. 
John Kim: Does your current guidance contemplate unfavorable outcome for any of these 3 investments? In other words, could there be other upside? 
Joseph Fisher: No, that's -- yes, it's a great question. I should have clarified that. Thank you. Now the upgraded guidance took the downside risk from the Philadelphia out of the equation. So no FFOA risk related to that or the other 3 that we see this year. The next maturity for one of those is January of '25. And thereafter, the other 3 are in mid-'26 generally. And so we have time on all of those. I'd say if you wanted to bracket the potential downside, if all 4 of those transactions, that $150 million, if we had to go off of the accrual and buy in at the lower yield, it'd probably be about $0.03. But between now and 2 years from now, obviously, we expect upside on NOI from those assets. And so we don't see that full risk into fruition, even if all 3 of those did eventually have to be taken back at their maturity. 
Operator: Next question Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley. 
Adam Kramer: Just wanted to ask maybe a little bit more of a high level, maybe theoretical conceptual question. You talked a little bit about the kind of robust job growth we've had so far this year, and I think it's something to certainly focus on when it comes to apartment demand. Maybe just walk us through, is there any kind of -- I don't know if it's a rule of thumb or a way that you guys think about for x number of new jobs created. How many apartment renters are created or what that does in terms of kind of quantifying apartment demand for you guys? 
Joseph Fisher: Yes, it's good because we kind of took a look at that as we step back, if you remember, when we put together our initial guidance, we have put together our top-down perspective as well as the bottom-up budgeting process that we always do. And our assumptions that led to that plus or minus 1% rent growth or roughly 70 basis points of blends for the year, that was driven by a multitude of factors, including GDP, wages, job growth, all being low-single digits based off consensus. We had a decline in homeownership rate and then the higher supply number that we [ knew ]and expected. 
 And so the general rule of thumb is that for the 2 biggest drivers of that number, wages and jobs, about 1% in the combination of those 2 relates to about 1% increase in rents. And so really, the only changes to our forecast at this point that we're seeing from a macro perspective. Supply, homeownership, GDP, all trending as we expected. It's really been jobs and wages have been coming in about 1% or so better. And so that percent better would translate, if you will, and to maybe 1% or so better rents over this year. If that holds obviously, that's consensus, and it can change. But I think that's a lot of why you're seeing some of the performance that Mike talked about coming in better than we expected. It's been a much better backdrop in terms of the demand environment to date. 
Adam Kramer: Great. That's really helpful. Maybe just one a little bit more on the ground, if you will. You talked about it a little bit earlier, but just, I think you guys were really kind of present and clear with the narrative last fall post-Labor Day. It's kind of what happened with the 10-year at that time and kind of what that meant for concession usage on the ground. And maybe taking about the 10-year is today, maybe not quite where it peaked out, but certainly could be higher than it has been in the last number of months. Maybe just walk us through, are you seeing kind of elevated level of concessions again, are you seeing developers maybe change their behavior given where the 10-year is relative to 2, 3, 4 months ago. 
Michael Lacy: Adam, I'll kick it off and kick it over to Joe. I'll tell you what we're seeing on the ground, and as you can see it in our numbers, concessions have been coming down. And I think, this is due in large part to the fact that a lot of these deliveries are coming at a time where you also have demand picking up. And that's the big difference between what we experienced back in 3Q of last year. You had a lot of deliveries coming when -- very demand was starting to go the other way. And so there's a big difference there. There's still more supply to come. So we're, again, cautiously optimistic of where this is headed. But from what we can see on the ground today, concessions have actually come down a little better. 
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I'd probably just add a little bit more to it. And in the developer's mindset, he's looking to add this rollover loan in what terms you can get in proceeds. And so in case of last year or third quarter, we really faced with falling rates, slow traffic, 50 bps spike in your refi and your proceeds coming off 10% to 20%. So that you got squeezed from every angle possible, and you just drop rate to try to fill up to get some level of cash flow because what's probably your most stressful point isn't necessarily the rate. It's the proceeds number. And on a debt service coverage ratio, that squeeze right there means your check to rebalance your loan, if it's $100 million and it went from $10 million to $20 million, you don't have extra $20 million in your pocket. So you hit the panic button, then you try to respond that way. And can that happen again unlikely, but it can. And I think we want to be prudent and see how that emerges. And anyone that can figure out where the 10-year treasury is headed. Please call me because it's a lot easier than buying lottery tickets. 
Operator: Next question, Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Two questions. First, just looking at New York with the recent rent law changes. One, do you see any DCP opportunities for you to help finance third-party office to resi conversions? And then two, with the new laws really do you see any buildings where either they're pre-2009 or you don't see a sightline to exceeding the luxury rents to escape good cause that you would look to prune? 
H. Andrew Cantor: Alex, this is Andrew. I'll take the first question and then pass it off to Chris for the second one. As it relates to DCP opportunities, we're always open to underwriting any transactions that we see in the marketplace. To date, we haven't seen anything yet. But we evaluate each opportunity based on its merits. And if it's the right deal, then we'll move forward. So at this point, there's nothing we're working on, but it's not [ red bind ] by any stretch. 
Christopher Van ens: Yes, Alex, it's Chris. Before I dive into New York rent control, maybe let me first step back, talk to the big picture a little bit more on the regulatory side. So first, I would say many of our state legislative sessions have convened for the year while we continue to see bill signed and a lot that impact our -- really our business at the margin. This really was the second year in a row where major legislation like extremely restricted rent control, I would say, for example, that could negatively impact our business in a significant way. It was largely defeated in most of the areas we operate. Obviously, a good trend for the industry, trend we hope continues in the year ahead. So really big things goes out to our advocacy partners around the country. 
 As far as New York rent control, you talked about pre -- or 2009 buildings, it really seems like it will be business as usual for us right now. I mean we've lived with similar restrictions in California and Oregon for a number of years now. We've continued to generate good growth, good returns in those areas. We don't see it being much different moving forward in New York. It's only very rare years, I would say, where market rent growth is likely to be above CPI plus 5 or a cap of 10. 
 Lastly, I'd say, of course, there's always the risk of a slippery slope, right? The CPI plus 5 become more restrictive over time. Something we'll continue to monitor. But again, we had the same concerns when 1482 was passed in California, and those concerns have not manifested today. So all in all, New York included, we feel relatively, I would say, okay, about the regulatory environment right now. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is, you guys have spoken about a pretty strong operating environment echoing your peers. It's interesting because on the office front, there's still a sense of corporates outside of maybe Midtown Manhattan still being hesitant to lease or to take space. So what are your property managers seeing is driving the demand? Is it really -- is it just a lot of small businesses hiring and there's a disconnect? Or are they seeing a lot of corporate jobs that are coming in to rent -- employees renting apartments and therefore, that's -- you guys are indicating a sign that the corporates are going to return in a growth mode. Just trying to understand the disconnect between what the apartments and you guys are saying about healthier-than-expected demand versus some of the comments from other REIT sectors. 
Michael Lacy: Alex, it's Mike. Funny enough, I actually spent last week with our teams out there in New York and ask them that same question and a lot of this comes back to lifestyle. So they're still saying that people are coming back to the market. They just want to live in Manhattan. They want to feel the experience of being there. And expectations are that they've somewhat plateaued in terms of people returning to the office, but there's still room for that to continue to grow. And if and when that happens, that will only help demand even more. 
 But we're continuing to see occupancy of almost 98%, and our blends are back up in that 4% range. 
 So very strong demand in that market. And we expect that to continue throughout the summer months just given the fact that there's not a lot of supply to speak to in the city. You definitely have more in the -- in, call it, Brooklyn, Long Island City, places like that. And as long as they don't go to 2- to 3-month concession, that's not going to pull people out of the city. And so we feel really good about New York today. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Right. But Mike, across all markets that you guys are in, you're seeing a similar dynamic. It's just people wanting to live in the different markets, not necessarily meaningful job growth? I'm just trying to understand the difference. 
Michael Lacy: Yes, Alex, I think that's a fair point. I don't think every market is created equal. And I think as an example, I talked a little bit about San Francisco earlier, that market is still getting cleaned up. And I think once they get that cleaned up a little bit more, people want to live down there, and it will be a similar dynamic to what we're facing in a place like New York. But every market is created a little bit different. But overall, I'd say, yes, those sentiments are the same across the board. 
Joseph Fisher: And I'd say too Alex, just as it relates to the demand. I mean, we talked about jobs and wages both coming in ahead of expectations. The consensus is well over 1 million jobs at this point in time. And so while we focus a lot on the multifamily supply picture as we should, and kind of that national picture of, call it, 600,000 or so units being delivered this year. Keep in mind, the lion share housing is over on the single-family side, which has seen minimal increase on a year-over-year supply basis at around 1.1 million units. You're also seeing from an existing supply perspective, really no homes being sold, you're back to kind of GSE lows. And so you kind of do get into this environment where what's available for all those jobs that are being created and therefore new households that are being created. 
 And when you have the relative affordability component in multi where we are 60% less expensive than a single-family home and then if you come around with us, you can put an extra $35,000 a year in your pocket versus buying a home. That's pretty darn compelling. And so you're seeing renter shift gain more than their fair share of that demand that's been put out there into the market right now. And so I think that's a big driver of what we're seeing. 
Operator: Next question, Linda Tsai with Jefferies. 
Linda Yu Tsai: In terms of April retention improving 400 bps from a year ago, is this consistent across your portfolio? Or are there regional differences? 
Michael Lacy: It's pretty consistent. Again, what we're seeing is a lot of these actions that are put in place from what we're doing with the customer experience project. And so I'd say relatively consistent across the board. The only difference I would tell you is in a place like the Sunbelt, historically, what we would have experienced is call it, 20% of our move-outs were leaving to buy a home. Today, that's closer to 10%. And so significantly less people moving out to buy homes in places where it was historically more affordable. But other than that, a lot of this has to do with the actions that we're putting in place through our innovation. 
Linda Yu Tsai: And then in terms of automation, as you move forward, does it ever become apparent that automation is being relied upon too soon that efficacy falls short and impact service levels and then you have to recalibrate and move people back into seats. If so, how do you monitor and correct that? 
Michael Lacy: Yes, Linda, that's a fair point. That's something we've experienced as we transition from, call it, Platform 1.0, where the intention was to go to that self-service model, and we reduced our headcount by about 40%. We have found that there are cases where you have to add bodies back that will drive value in the long term. And so we've been going through that over probably the last 12 months or so. And we're still trying to find opportunities where we can run what we call the unmanned sites. And today, we're around 20% of the portfolio. We are adding back from the customer service type positions in the field to make sure that we're acting all these items that we mentioned earlier as it relates to how you change that trajectory and retention. 
 So I think there are cases where you can find opportunities to drive value and sometimes if you have to add bodies back. 
Operator: Next question is [indiscernible] with Baird. 
Unknown Analyst: Have your views changed for the Sunbelt and the timing to absorb all the new supply, given the strong absorption trends you've been seeing? 
Joseph Fisher: I don't think, as we kind of look through it, obviously, we go through the peak delivery cycle here over the next couple of quarters. And so 2Q, 3Q is kind of your peak, but it's not a dramatic drop off. It's going to take a while to work through the lease-up of those deliveries. But even into 2025, when you look at overall deliveries coming that year, it's going to be a pretty normal year in terms of relative to long-term averages with the Coast actually coming in a little bit lower as they start to see it drop off a little bit quicker in terms of new starts and permits activity. 
 So Sunbelt still stays a little bit elevated as you go into '25. I think it's still late '25 that you really get the benefit of that, call it, fourth quarter of '23 drop-off and [ seize ] up in capital markets where you saw starts fall of a cliff down. They're going to $200,000, $250,000 on an annualized business in 4Q '23. 
 And so next year is probably a little bit more normal year, still some pressure on the Sunbelt. '26 has the potential to be a pretty phenomenal year in terms of the lack of housing that's available out there and what that could mean for fundamentals for our sector. 
Operator: I would like to turn the floor over to Tom Toomey for closing remarks. 
Tom Toomey: Thank you, operator, and thanks to all of you for your interest and support of UDR. And we look forward to seeing many of you at the Wells Fargo conference next week and NAREIT in June. So with that, we'll close this today. We're always available to take your follow-up calls and take care. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-07 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to UDR’s Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo. You may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR’s quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release, supplemental disclosure package, and related investor presentation were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn over the call to UDR’s Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR’s fourth quarter 2023 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher; and Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy; Senior Officers, Andrew Cantor and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. To begin, for this quarter’s call, we enhanced how we communicate our outlook for the year ahead. The volatility we have experienced over the last 5 years, combined with the supply-induced challenges our industry is expected to face in 2024 translate into a wider range of potential outcomes for this year versus our typical year. As such, in conjunction with our earnings release, we published an outlook presentation that highlights these potential outcomes and their drivers. Our prepared remarks aligned with the presentation, and those on our webcast should see the slides on your screen. We will resume our usual format of prepared remarks only on future earnings calls. Moving on, key takeaways from our press release and our 2024 outlook are summarized on Slide 4 of the deck. These are first, fourth quarter and full year 2023 FFOA per share and same-store results met the guidance expectations set forth on our third quarter call. Full year 2023 same-store NOI growth of 6.8% was particularly strong and one of the highest amongst our peer group. Second, based upon consensus estimates, we expect that economic growth and apartment demand will remain resilient in 2024, but historically high new supply will continue to lay on our core growth. Third, ongoing investments in innovation will continue to drive incremental NOI growth above the broader market in 2024 Mike Lacy will give you greater detail on this subject. Fourth, we are maintaining a capital-light strategy given our still elevated cost of capital, but we will take advantage of opportunities when appropriate. For example, in 2023, we executed roughly $1 billion of accretive deals through joint venture and operating partnership unit opportunities. We will continue to keep our eyes open for external growth and feed our cost of capital signals. And fifth, our balance sheet remains well positioned to fully fund our capital needs in 2024 and beyond. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Tom. The topics I will cover today include our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results, including recent trends and transactions, the 2024 macro outlook that drives our full year guidance, and the building blocks of our 2024 guidance. First, beginning with Slide 5. Our fourth quarter and full year FFO as Adjusted per share of $0.63 and $2.47 achieved the midpoint of our previously provided guidance ranges. On the bottom half of the slide, you can see that during the quarter, we shifted to a more defensive operating strategy and build occupancy going into 2024. Occupancy trended sequentially higher for each month during the fourth quarter, resulting in a 20 basis point sequential improvement versus that of the third quarter. As anticipated, this occupancy pivot resulted in lower blended base rate growth versus original 4Q expectations, but it was the right decision to place our portfolio in a position of strength given elevated new multifamily supply in 2024. For January, operating trends have improved. Market rent growth turned sequentially positive and is following normal seasonal patterns thus far. Blended lease rate growth improved to positive 0.2% with new lease rate growth of minus 3.6% and renewal lease rate growth of plus 4%. Concessionary activity continued to trend lower, and occupancy increased further to 97.2%. One month does not make a trend, but we are encouraged by these results. Moving on, as detailed on Slide 6, during the quarter, we executed a variety of transactions that both enhance our liquidity and set us up well for future accretive growth. These include: number one, our joint venture with LaSalle acquired a 262 home community in Suburban Boston, were approximately $114 million at an initial mid- to high 5% yield. Through platform initiatives and various fees, we expect the stabilized yield to be in the mid- to high 6% range to UDR. We continue to explore investment opportunities with LaSalle, which will provide scale-oriented efficiencies to our operations, expand our fee income, and drive future earnings accretion and enhanced ROE for our shareholders. Number two, we sold our [indiscernible] on $180 million of dispositions. These are expected to be executed at a weighted average buyer cap rate in the mid-5% range and further enhance our already strong liquidity. And three, we assumed a DCP developer’s ownership interest in a distressed Oakland asset. 1.5 years old community was appraised at $67 million or $387,000 per unit, which resulted in a non-cash investment loss of approximately $24 million to UDR. The community is still in lease-up and a submarket of Oakland were 2 to 3-month concessions or the norm. The initial yield on the assumed asset is in the mid-3% range. However, once stabilized, we expect the yield to be in the low 5% range. Turning to Slide 7 and our macro outlook. As in years past, utilize top-down and bottom-up approaches to set our 2024 macro and fundamental forecast. Our 2024 market rent growth forecast of roughly 1% was informed by third-party forecast and consensus expectations for a variety of economic factors that drive market run growth and our internal forecasting models, we combined this top-down forecast with a bottom-up growth estimate built by our regional teams as they best understand local supply and the demand dynamics in their markets. Our 1% market rent growth forecast for 2024 is slightly conservative when compared to prominent third-party forecaster estimates at 1.7% and is driven by stable to positive demand set against historically high multifamily deliveries and the expectation for continued elevated concessions. As Mike will discuss, the approximately 1% rent growth ties to our assumption for 2024 blended lease rate growth. Primary variables to our forecast include GDP growth, employment and wage growth, changes to the homeownership rate, supply and its impact on pricing, economic uncertainty. Turning to Slide 8. If we step back and consider the near to intermediate-term outlook for the industry, we remain encouraged by a variety of key supply and demand metrics. First, at the top left, our consumer remains resilient with rent-to-income ratios at the long-term average. Second, at the top right, relative affordability versus alternative housing options remains decidedly in our favor at roughly 50% less expensive to rent than own, a 20% improvement from pre-COVID. This supports a stable to declining homeownership rate and absent a major correction in home prices or a significantly more accommodated long-term interest rate environment, we do not expect this dynamic to change near term. Third, at the bottom left, the latest census data indicates that the largest U.S. cohorts remain in their prime renter years. This should provide continued support for future long-term rental demand. And fourth, at the bottom right, while multifamily deliveries are expected to remain elevated through at least 2024, starts activity is significantly retreated and is down 70% from recent highs, and is now well below historical averages. This should benefit outer-year growth absent a near-term change in financing costs. Moving on to Slide 9. Third-party data providers are forecasting record multifamily deliveries for the U.S. and in our markets over the next 4 to 6 quarters. Based on completion forecast, peak deliveries are currently expected to occur in the middle of 2024 before trending downwards, closer to long-term historical averages in the second half of 2025. We are cognizant that there will be supply slippage as they move to 2024, and that lease-up concessions could remain elevated after new deliveries update. Positively, peak deliveries in the coming quarters are not materially above the levels we have seen in the second half of 2023, and into the start of 2024. When market level concessions move throughout 2024 will be a primary driver of our ability to capitalize on our market rent growth forecast. On Slide 10, we provide more context on which regions and markets are expected to feel the greatest impact of 2024 supply. The Sunbelt is forecast to face significantly higher absolute deliveries than the coastal markets, although all regions will face higher relative supply in 2024 as compared to their long-term averages. As is evident on the bottom of the page, this dynamic is reflected at the market level, with Sunbelt market supply growth rates expected to be more pressured than coastal markets this year. Mixing this all together, we arrived at our 2024 guidance, which is summarized on Slide 11. Primary expectations include full year FFOA per share guidance of $2.36 to $2.48, same-store revenue, expense expectations that translate to NOI growth ranging from negative 1.75% to positive 1.75%. Slide 12 shows the building blocks for our full year 2024 FFOA per share guidance at the $2.42 midpoint, representing a 2% year-over-year decrease. Drivers include a $0.07 increase of same-store revenue and lease-up income from recently developed communities, offset by a $0.07 decrease from same-store expenses, a $0.025 decrease on DCP activities due to a lower average investment balance in 2024, including a potential $0.02 impact from assuming ownership of a DCP development, dependent on the refinancing of its senior construction loan. While the developer continues to advance refinancing discussions, we have chosen to take a conservative approach by including the downside scenario in our guidance. We expect to have clarity on the refinancing by the second quarter and do not see additional 2024 earnings risk from our DCP investments at this time. Continuing with the building blocks, and approximately $0.02 decrease from interest expense due to higher average interest rates and the expiration of certain hedges and an approximately $0.01 decrease in G&A, reflective of inflationary wage growth. Moving on to Slide 13, and specific to the first quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.60 to $0.62 or an approximately 3% sequential decrease at the midpoint. This is driven by a $0.015 decrease of same-store NOI, primarily due to higher expenses attributable to seasonal trends and approximately a $0.05 decrease of higher interest expense and G&A. Last, on Slide 14, we present our debt maturity schedule and liquidity. Only 13% of our total consolidated debt matures through 2026. The thereby reducing future refinancing risk, combined with roughly $1 billion of line capacity, minimal committed capital, our projected first quarter disposition and strong free cash flow, our balance sheet sits in an excellent position. In all, despite near-term macro and potential DC-related headwinds in 2024, our balance sheet and liquidity remain in excellent shape. We remain opportunistic in our capital deployment, and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation better advantages to drive long-term accretion. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Joe. Today, I’ll cover the following topics. How our 2023 results and other drivers factor into the building blocks of our full year 2024 same-store revenue growth guidance, an update on our various innovation initiatives, expectations for operating trends across our regions and our outlook for same-store expense growth. Turning to Slide 15. The primary building blocks of our 2024 same-store revenue growth guidance include our embedded earn-in from 2023 lease rate growth, our blended lease rate growth expectations for full year 2024, and contributions from our innovation and other operating initiatives. Starting with our 2024 earn-in of 70 basis points or about half of our normalized historical average, the 20 basis point increase in average occupancy we achieved during the fourth quarter of 2023 came at the expense of some rate growth, which reduced our earnings by approximately 30 basis points versus what I spoke to on the third quarter call. We believe this is prudent, defensive trade given the elevated new supply outlook in many of our markets. Next, portfolio blended lease rate growth is forecast to be approximately 70 basis points in 2024. Given a midyear convention, rate growth should add about 35 basis points to our same-store revenue growth this year. Our expectation is that blends will be lighter through the first half of 2024 before marginally improving during the second half of the year. This dynamic, if accurate, means that blended growth should have less of a positive impact on 2024, but more impactful to our 2025 growth. Underlying our blended rate growth forecast, our assumptions of approximately 3% renewal rate growth in 2024 and approximately negative 1.5% new lease rate growth. As a reminder, even during recessionary periods, we have seen approximately 2% renewal rate growth on average, which, combined with recent trends, provides support for those assumptions. Lastly, we expect the combination of occupancy and bad debt to be roughly flat in 2024. Moving on, innovation and other operating initiatives are expected to add approximately 45 basis points to our 2024 same-store revenue growth, which equates to $5 million to $10 million. The bulk of this growth should come from the continued rollout of our property-wide WiFi, other property enhancements such as the addition of package lockers as well as improved retention and less fraud. For retention, our guidance assumes that our 2024 resident turnover will be 200 basis points below that of 2023. Half of this comes from the easier first half comp. As you may remember, long-term delinquent skips and evictions were elevated through the first half of 2023. We do not anticipate this repeating in 2024 as we have seen long-term delinquent activity stabilize. The other 100 basis point improvement should come from our proprietary customer experience project, which helps us improve our resident experience throughout their time with UDR, thereby improving their probability of renewal. We have seen the early benefits of this initiative with resident retention higher on a year-over-year basis for 9 consecutive months. For every 100 basis points of improved retention or reduced turnover, approximately $3 million drops to our bottom line. We believe our customer experience project will continue to improve our turnover and expand our operating margin advantage relative to peers. Regarding fraud, we are implementing a variety of AI-based screening measures process improvements and credit threshold reviews to enhance our upfront resident screening. Given the resident-friendly legislation, we continue to see throughout our portfolio, minimizing the potential for bad debt before it gets in the front door is critical. Rolling all this up, our 2024 same-store revenue guidance range from 0% to 3%, with a midpoint of 1.5%. The 3% high end of our same-store revenue growth range is achievable to improve year-over-year occupancy, additional accretion from innovation, and blended lease rate growth that occurs more ratably throughout the year or at a higher level than our initial forecast. Conversely, the low end of 0% reflects full year blended lease rate growth of approximately negative 2%. And some level of occupancy loss and delayed income recognition from our innovation initiatives. Turning to Slide 16 and our regional revenue growth expectations, we expect the coast will continue to perform better than the Sunbelt in 2024, led by the East Coast. The East Coast, which comprises approximately 40% of our NOI is forecast to grow same-store revenue by 1% to 4%. We expect Boston, Washington, D.C., Baltimore, and Philadelphia to each deliver full year same-store revenue growth of at least 2%. Signs of recent softening in demand in New York, leave us slightly more cautious on that market. The West Coast, which comprised of approximately 35% of our NOI is forecast to grow same-store revenue by 0% to 3%. Orange County, Los Angeles, and the Monterey Peninsula are expected to produce upper tier growth, while San Francisco, San Diego, and Seattle are forecast to be softer. Last, our Sunbelt markets, which comprise roughly 25% of our NOI, our forecast to grow same-store revenue by negative 2% to positive 1%. Austin, Nashville, Denver, and Orlando are scheduled to see some of the highest levels of new supply in which should continue to pressure pricing power. On a relative basis, we expect Dallas and Tampa to be leaders among our Sunbelt markets. Moving on, as shown on Slide 17, we expect 2024 same-store expense growth of 5.25% at the midpoint. This is primarily driven by growth in real estate taxes, personnel, and insurance. While only 6% of total expenses, insurance expense growth of 16% to 20% reflects the premium increase we realized when our policy was renewed in December. In terms of year-over-year expense growth guidance, the first quarter should be elevated due to a onetime $3.7 million employee retention credit we realized at the beginning of 2023. This has the effect of increasing total first quarter 2024 same-store expense growth by more than 300 basis points. Additionally, for full year 2024, the costs associated with our property-wide Wi-Fi initiative amount to an incremental $2 million. Absent these two factors, we would expect normalized same-store expense growth to be in the low 4% range throughout the year or approximately 120 basis points lower than our full year midpoint. In closing, while the near-term operating environment presents some challenges, we continue to innovate with the intention of increasing revenue growth, improving resident retention, and further expanding our operating margin over time. I thank our teams for their collaboration and eagerness to leverage new and innovative tools to drive superior results. I will now turn over the call to Tom.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Mike. And as summarized on Slide 18, when we consider our potential 2024 growth trajectory, I come back to the key components of running a successful business. First is to understand your customer. Our residents have healthy rent-to-income ratios and relative affordability continues to favor apartments over other forms of housing. So we view the effect of elevated supply as transitory and expect that the demand versus supply dynamics will revert to our favor sometime after 2024. In terms of resident satisfaction, we can measure success through our customer experience initiatives and how they translate into greater retention, which has improved for 9 consecutive months. We expect this trend to continue. The second component is the understanding of your associates. Through frequent discussions, surveys, and town halls, we have created an open dialogue and a culture that fosters engagement and innovation. UDR is proud and recognized leader in corporate responsibility as well. And third characteristic is to listen to investors. We are highly engaged, conducting roughly 500 investor calls, meetings each year. We are confident that we have a good read on what investors think we are doing well and where we can improve. From these interactions, we have created a company we believe is a full cycle investment and maximize value creation for our stakeholders regardless of the economic outlook. In 2024, we plan to focus on what we can control, namely, this means leaning into our operating platform and innovation, developing talent, nimbly adjusting our operating strategy in the face of supply and taking a capital-wide approach to maintain liquidity and balance sheet flexibility. Taken together, we believe we can successfully navigate whatever macro environment we face moving forward. With that, I’ll open it up to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citibank. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Wolfe: Hey, thank you. Can you walk us through the math on how you get to the $0.025 of dilution from taking ownership of the two DCP assets? And I think in the past, you’ve talked about a third asset that might see a similar outcome. So just help us understand if there is likely any incremental impact beyond what’s in the 2024 guide?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Eric. Good morning. It’s Joe. Maybe some quick math on the $0.025 and then I’ll kind of take you through some of that remaining DCP risk and how we approach that. So as I think we kind of mentioned upfront, there is a Philly asset that I’ll get into that has a binary outcome coming up in 2Q related to its refinancing, which right now is in process and discussing with lenders. But if that were to not be refinanced and we were to take ownership of that asset, we’d effectively be moving from a high-yield DCP investment to a lower yield acquisition, which naturally results in some dilution. So that’s about $0.02 of that number that shifts the whole range down, including at the midpoint. So if that refinancing did occur in theory, the entire range would shift right back up by $0.02. The rest of that has to do with we took ownership of Modera Lake Merritt, as we mentioned there in the release it has a little bit of dilution to it. In addition, we’ve got an assumption in there that we have roughly $75 million of payoffs in the back half as we have some of these deals that are opening into their prepayment window and it may make sense for them economically to go out and refinance with a cheaper cost of capital. And so you get a little bit of drag from that as well, offset by continued accruals on the rest of the portfolio. So it’s kind of the puts and takes on the $0.025. As it relates to getting into the rest of the portfolio, we walked through Modera Lake Merritt, I think everybody understands kind of what took place there. When we go into these deals, you really have three primary areas of risk that we’re trying to underwrite One is the upfront kind of cost and delay and timing aspect of any development. Two is going to be the cash flow perspective, what’s going to take place on rents and the supply in any given market, and three, just the capital markets component, what happens with interest rates, cap rates and capital availability. And so that’s kind of the three main areas we are trying to underwrite when we go into these. Clearly, any one of those factors is not going to be enough to drive distress on any of these deals. But when you kind of get a couple of them that stack up, you do run into a little bit more distress, which is really what happened with Modera Lake Merritt. Yes, I think everybody is pretty familiar with what happened in NorCal since pre-COVID, rents still being down and then downtown Oakland, perhaps one of the worst submarkets in that respect, with rents still down 30% plus. And so we did take the keys back on that asset as the developer didn’t want to continue to support the cash flow shortfalls. That said, as we continue through lease up and hopefully burn off the concessions in the next couple of years, you see it in the presentation, getting to a more palatable yield here in the next couple of years. As it relates to the Philly asset that I mentioned a couple of those same risks not to the same degree, but a challenged market in downtown or City Center Philadelphia from a supply and concession perspective. And so that NOI has been a little bit weaker. We did have some delays coming through COVID on that development. But as I mentioned, that development partner is in process with a couple of different lenders, just trying to make sure that they can get it to the finish line on proceeds and terms, but we felt it prudent to take perhaps a more conservative approach and put the risk out there to the street. Beyond that, you mentioned what else is out there. So you kind of got 12 other assets, roughly $475 million of outstanding balance of those 12 when we go through the stress testing and scenarios, just three of those are what we would consider watch list and the balances on those three are plus or minus $50 million, so, only about 10% of the rest of the book. They don’t have the same degree of risk that the first to do, but they are on our watch list for varying reasons, they don’t have maturities come up until ‘25 and ‘26. So we do have a little bit of time there, unless, of course, the developer partner decides not to continue making payments. So if we did have to take those back, that’s really plus or minus $0.01 of risk over time. We don’t see all three obviously have in near-term and/or potentially even longer-term. Beyond that, you get into the rest of the book of the business, the other $400 million plus that’s out there. Most of these are in their lease-up and/or stabilization process. So we’ve got pretty good visibility on rents and NOI, which, at this time, the rest of those are in-line to above pro forma expectations. And so we feel pretty good about the rest of that book of business.
Eric Wolfe: That’s very helpful. And then maybe just quickly, the Oakland property, Lake Merritt, I guess, why not just try to sell it, take the small loss. You mentioned some of the struggles in Northern California. So I guess the question is why sort of increase your exposure there versus just selling it today, putting into more accretive uses in the near-term?
Joe Fisher: Yes. So I think the valuation, obviously, a third-party appraisal there that dictated that non-cash impairment. But when you look at where we’re at today on that asset, we are taking it over, and we do think there is quite a bit of upside be it through real estate tax resets, other income, obviously, burning off concessions and getting it stabilized. So it’s probably better value in our hands than bringing it to the market right now where, clearly, in Northern California as a whole and Oakland specifically from a transaction market perspective pretty challenged, given some of the risks out there. So I’m not sure you optimize price and value by simply trying to liquidate. I think it’s better to keep it in our operations team’s hands for a couple of years and then evaluate down the road when the market is a little bit better.
Eric Wolfe: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks. Mike, you guys averaged 60 basis points of blended lease rate growth in the second half of last year. And you mentioned the 70 basis point lease rate growth assumption in guidance assumes lower growth in the first half of this year and then kind of picks up a little bit in the back half. Is it fair to say that you think that lease rate growth bottoms in the first half of ‘24, and we see continued improvement in the back half and then into 2025?
Mike Lacy: Hey, Austin, thanks for the question. Yes, I think what you can expect to see is the first half is going to look very similar to the back half of last year. So that 60 basis points first half is where we expect things to track today. As of right now, the second half is closer to 1% on blends. And I’ll tell you what we’ve been – we promised to see the – where we’re at today just in terms of blends. If you look at December to January, you can see it in our deck. We went a 150 basis point increase, and a lot of that has to do with our strategy. And you’ve heard us talk about this before, but we tend to operate closer to 96.5% to 97%, we’re able to drive our occupancy closer to 97.2% in January. Again, that put us in a better position today to start driving our rents. We’re seeing some promising trends. We don’t want to call that things are significantly better – as we have to get through some more of the leasing season. But to start the year, things are starting off a little better than we expected.
Austin Wurschmidt: Okay, great. So it sounds like the lease rate growth should inflect, I guess, comparing spreads year-over-year in the back half of this year. The Sunbelt markets have been kind of the most challenging for your portfolio. And I’m just wondering sort of how that stacks up versus the portfolio overall this year and how you’re thinking about inflection or further deterioration across the markets that you’re in? Just any detail you can provide on how you’re thinking about the cadence for that 25%, 30% of the portfolio.
Mike Lacy: Yes, Austin. That’s another really good question. We put a good slide in here, Page 16, that walks just where we expect East Coast to perform against the West Coast as well as the Sunbelt. And I’d tell you that even though the Sunbelt we’re definitely facing higher supply and that’s playing out in some of our expectations for the year. We’re coming off a very strong year. And we compare ourselves on a relative basis within the markets against our different peers. And I can tell you, the teams are proud of what they were able to accomplish. And we’re off to a good start for this year as well. I think a lot of this has to do with what we expect with supply that we’re facing here over the next four quarters or so. But on top of that, it’s still relatively strong job growth. We’re still seeing wage growth in that area. So we’re seeing pretty positive absorption. And for us, what’s interesting when you think about what we put on Page 15, and we break down our earn-in versus our expectation from blends and other income. Other income is expected to make up about 45 basis points of our total revenue at the portfolio level for the Sunbelt. That’s double. So a lot of things that we’ve been working on as it relates to rolling out our WiFi, for example, that’s starting to pay dividends, and that’s what’s translating to positive relative performance against our peers.
Austin Wurschmidt: That’s all very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Heffern: Hey, thanks, everybody. Occupancy in January was about 50 basis points above the ‘23 level, but guidance assumes flat occupancy. So I’m just curious is the expectation that you plan to trade that occupancy for rent growth in the spring? Or is that just a conservative assumption?
Mike Lacy: It’s a good catch, Brad. We’re starting to see that today. So again, we wanted to build our occupancy in a period of time where our lease expirations are the lowest. It allows you to just push your occupancy up. And then as you move into the leasing season, you can start to get more aggressive as leases start to turn. And so the 97.2% is probably a high mark for us. I think as we move through the quarter, we expect that to come down closer to 97%, maybe even the high 96% range and continue to test our blends. And from all you can see is that rate of change from December to January. Again, very positive momentum, a lot of that is on the new lease side. So we had negative 5.6% new lease growth in December. January was negative 3.6%. February, it’s only 7 days in. So it’s probably too early to call, but things are promising, and it looks like it’s trending upwards.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thanks for that. And then how are you treating the DCP book going forward as you take back assets and redemptions come in? Do you plan to shrink the book just based on recent experience? Or do you plan to reinvest in DCP and kind of keep it at the same size that it always was?
Joe Fisher: I think naturally, you’re going to see a little bit of potential shrinkage. Embedded in guidance, we mentioned that binary outcome there with that Philadelphia asset, which if we were to take that back, that’s plus or minus $100 million balance. So that would bring it down to $475 million. And then we mentioned that we have about $75 million of assumed redemptions in the back half of the year. So you could see that balance flow down, which near-term is a little bit dilutive. That said, I don’t think there is any desire to continue to shrink beyond that. I think the hope is that as we get some of those paybacks we find opportunities to continue to redeploy into either on the traditional DCP side or the recap side. That said, it’s kind of a double-edged sword in terms of – we’re not seeing a lot of opportunities out there in that space right now, but that speaks to the fact that starts have dropped off to kind of annualized 200,000-unit level. So not a lot of developers out there starts today. But I do think over time, you’ll see us continue to pivot between that, between acquisitions, redevelopment, development as it makes sense. But I wouldn’t expect it to continue to shrink much beyond that.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Dennerlein: Yes. Hey, guys. Appreciate the time. Mike, I just want to explore your guidance assumption for 3% renewal rate growth in 2024. Are there specific markets driving that lower? Or is there just some kind of split the difference between conservatism I think you said recessions are 2% versus maybe more normal years, it’s closer to 4%, just trying to engage in where you guys are coming from?
Mike Lacy: Yes. Good question. I’ll tell you, just as we think about renewals and new leases in general, just as we started the year, you can see our renewals started to come down closer to that 4% range. And it feels to be a pretty comfortable we’re still spending on that 3.5% to 4% as we move forward over the next 2 months or so. Our expectations are with seasonality picking up even though we’re facing supply, typically, your market rents start to pick up as well. So if we can continue to see our new lease growth continue to improve. You’re going to see that, that spread between new and renewal is in a more healthy range. And then we can start testing our renewals again as we move forward. But as it relates to just regional performance, there is not a big difference typically between the Sunbelt versus the East Coast, West Coast, usually in that range of, call it, 2, 2.5 to all the way up to around 5% on renewals, but it’s pretty tight overall.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. And then maybe just one follow-up on that. Does that imply the second half renewals like 2.5% or the spreads 2.5?
Mike Lacy: They are pretty consistent right now. Our playbook is around 3% for the year. And again, when we send out 3.5% to 4% we typically negotiate on 25% to 30% of our renewals, and it’s usually in that 50 basis point range. So I feel comfortable at least in the foreseeable future in the first couple of quarters with that range. And we will see what happens with market rent. And again, if we can test the waters and push rent renewals back up, we will.
Joshua Dennerlein: Thanks. Appreciate, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thank you. So I guess just thinking about Slide 10, more than 250 basis points above historic average markets. I mean, how do you even guide in those markets – excuse me, right now? I mean, what do you – like what gives you – can you just talk about how you think about visibility in terms of like where rents could really go? What gives you comfort giving any kind of numbers on those, whether it’s historic cycles or maybe the numbers you’re seeing from third parties or however else you’re thinking about it. Really, just a question on kind of visibility in the highest supply markets.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Jamie, it’s Joe. Maybe I’ll start off and Michael will come in behind me here. But I do think, to your point, on the visibility. When you look at the deliveries that we were facing kind of in the back half of ‘23 and here to start this year, there really isn’t a material difference between deliveries that we are facing at that point in time versus what we expect to face as we get in the middle of the year. It goes a little bit higher as we kind of get into 2Q, 3Q, but it’s really not a big change. So the fact that we are already facing kind of a run rate delivery schedule during a typically seasonally weak period of time, and we’re putting up the results that we did in terms of blends and renewals and the traffic that we saw and we were able to drive occupancy. That gives you some conviction as we go into a seasonally stronger period of time, and we have seen concessions come back a little bit. We’re seeing good traffic the pricing power to start the year is off to a good start in terms of pushing rents up on a month-over-month basis. It gives you some conviction that maybe not the worst is behind us, but at least we’re finding a little bit of a floor here as we move into the year. So it helps a little bit in that approach to those high supply markets.
Mike Lacy: If I could just add. I think for us, we spend a lot of time doing both a top-down and a bottom-up approach and whether it’s coming from the field and they are telling us how the supply is impacting them directly versus all of our third-party data that we’re able to look at here in Denver, we triangulate around a range of outcomes, and that’s why we’ve provided that by region here and again, we feel pretty good to start the year and we will see how it plays out, especially as it relates to moving into the leasing season.
Jamie Feldman: Okay, thank you. That’s very helpful. And then a big week for headlines in terms of distressed and commercial real estate, KRF guides, all kinds of stories out there. What are you guys seeing now in terms of merchant stress you think it will present even more opportunities than you originally thinking for the year? And any change in merchant developer behavior on concessions as you’re starting to see more things seem to have issues?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Jamie, it’s Joe. I guess maybe just stepping back first as you think about the sector versus broader commercial real estate. I do think it’s important to think about multifamily, maybe a little bit differently than some of the headlines that are out there. A lot of that bank stress revolves around other sectors because the reality is that when we have Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the multifamily space, they do take the majority of the financing for our space. And so the banks end up having to go heavy some of those sometimes more risk factors. So you got to delineate between those two to start and the fact that in a needs-based business, but plenty of capital still flowing through it or wanting to flow into it, you typically don’t see that same level of distress within multi. So I think I’d keep with a little bit of what we’ve talked about in the past, which you’ll see some distressed developers for sure. So to the extent that you have pro forma NOIs that are below expectations, obviously, higher interest rates and cap rates or delays, as we talked about earlier, you are going to see some of these developers that feel distress just like on this Modera Lake Merritt deal that we are talking about. That said, do you see distressed pricing on the other side is another discussion, and with well-priced capital from the GSEs and availability of that capital, yes, you’re still seeing quite a big demand for multifamily. Andrew Cantor and team just spent a ton of time out at NMHC, meeting with a lot of different partners, brokers, capital providers. And I’d say the general consensus was cap rates plus or minus 5% at this point in time. There is still going to be a little bit of a meeting of the minds with some of the risks that are out there between buyers and sellers. But it still seems like we’re in that plus or minus 5% cap world. So that really doesn’t feel like distress, I’d say, as a buyer.
Jamie Feldman: Okay. If I could just ask a follow-up on that. I mean when you think about your debt lending business and your preferred lending business, and you look at the impairments you’ve taken or some of the projects you’re talking about, I mean, is part of the story, like you just don’t get great deals even in distressed moments. I mean, does it make you rethink at all some of the other ways you’re investing beyond just development and clearly very strong core operating skill set just because there is so much capital that does want to be in this space?
Joe Fisher: I don’t think it makes us rethink the suite of options that we have. I think that’s one of the powers of the platform, obviously, in terms of diversification of markets but also diversification of ways we’ve been deploying capital. We’re really not a one-trick pony. And so I don’t think it changes at all our thoughts on what we continue to deploy into DCP like investments. Those over time have provided solid returns for us. It’s a good way to pivot at certain points of time when other capital decisions may not make sense. So I really don’t see that being a pivot for us. We will continue to go into all forms of capital.
Tom Toomey: Jamie, this is Toomey. I might just add, what’s interesting, everybody can find one or two deals that have distress. And we highlighted the path that creates a lot of that distress. And you’ve gotten slightly a of repay in the last 90 days with rates coming down 100 bps. That certainly helped. But when you say the scale of distress, what my experience is, is there is a lot of people with a lot bigger capital capabilities than ours and even in the public arenas to write large checks for significant signature bank, for example. Lot of distress inside of that entity with real estate. And it was never offered up, no one ever got a hard look at it. So the range of distress one, two deals in a market, yes, and they will get picked off, but in mass, no, because of Fannie and Freddie capability as a backstop. And then that leads to significant capital beyond ours that probably can reach and grab should it become entity level-type distress. So we will be smart and nimble about it program with respect to DCP, not going to be a lot of development activity coming online anytime soon. And the recap market is pretty competitive and a lot of capital. We will be cautious about any aspect of going back into that. But we’re going to keep, as Joe said, all our options open, and see what makes sense on a risk-adjusted against matched against our cost of capital.
Jamie Feldman: Okay, great. Thank you for your thoughts on that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my questions. Can you talk a little bit about the pace of recovery trending from Northern California and Seattle? And when you look at your Slide 16, you have a top and bottom growth markets on the West Coast as a whole. So how wide is the gap between these cohorts? And then can you just talk a little bit about the trajectory of some of these markets and when we can start to see them improving? Thanks.
Mike Lacy: Sure, Michael, this is Mike. I’ll take a crack at it first. Specific to Seattle, San Francisco area, I’d say first starting with San Francisco. It’s good to be diversified. We are 50-50 urban suburban. We’ve got 50% of our exposure in the Soma downtown area and then the rest down along the Peninsula, and it covers about 8% of our NOI, team did a really good job last year. I can tell you we expect to be number one in terms of total revenue growth in that market. So we’ve been able to do a lot with what we have to work with there. Today, we’re sitting around 97%, 97.5% occupancy. We’ve seen concessions come down as of late, really over the last 30 days or so, and we’re starting to drive our rents. And I think specific to your question around trajectory and trends San Francisco is the one market out of all of ours that had the highest momentum. And when I say that, I look at December, for example, our blends were around negative 7%. In January, we’re actually flat, so about a 700, 750 basis point increase month-over-month. Again, it’s a low lease expiration period of time. So try not to get too excited about it, but we have seen demand pick up there. A lot of that has to do with the city being cleaned up more. You don’t have as much supply. So today, San Francisco feels relatively well. Seattle is not too far behind for us, again, a very diversified market. We are all along the suburbs and a lot of exposure to the Bellevue area, where most recently, we’ve heard that there is about 200 plus thousand square feet of office space being taken out by a TikTok. So more recently, we’ve seen traffic pick up in that area. I can tell you our blends, just going from December to January increased about 250 basis points, from about zero to, call it, 2.5%. So that part of the country feels a little bit better today than what we would have expected moving into the year.
Michael Goldsmith: Thanks for that. And then my follow-up is you’re including 45 basis points of benefit from innovation and other income in your same-store revenue guidance for the midpoint of – what are the current opportunities for further revenue generation and cost savings from the platform?
Mike Lacy: Yes, a few things. Let me step back and give you a little bit of color on some of the initiatives we’re working on, both on the revenue side and expense side. I mean, for us, you’ve heard us talk a lot about the customer experience project. And we put in my prepared remarks that we do expect about a 100 basis point improvement in turnover this year from that. That’s just the start of it. We just recently armed our teams with a lot of information. They are putting it to use today, and they are starting to question the power of knowing exactly what retention can be and what it will do for them. And I’ll give you an example, we went through, call it, 300,000 data points and recognize that you can have a 20% higher retention rate, if you can move people with a negative sentiment, we’re more on a bad trajectory to a good trajectory. And again, we use a lot of our proprietary information to score this, whether it’s their sentiment scores, their survey scores, service scores, we are lumping all those together to get an understanding of how we can change those trajectories. Over the last 9 months, we’ve seen an improvement in turnover. Just by putting a flashlight on this, and specific to the fourth quarter, our turnover was actually 400 basis points better than the historical average. So again, we’re just now scratching the surface. We expect a benefit this year, but even more to come in ‘25 and ‘26 as it relates to that program. In addition, we talked a little bit about our Wi-Fi rollout. We’ve got about 20,000 units installed today. We’ve got another 12,000 coming throughout the year. And so this is going to continue to pay dividends not only this year, but into the future. As of right now, we think that’s about a $6 million benefit in incremental revenue in 2024 and more to come in 2025. Aside from that, really excited about our fraud and bad debt detection, starting to utilize more AI around that, just to be able to understand who’s coming in, try to block people from getting in the front door. So we’re utilizing it in terms of our proof of income as well as our ID verification. And we’re starting to see that, that’s making a difference for us as well. And as it relates to expenses, we’re highly focused on driving that number down. You saw the midpoint of our guidance is around 5.25%. I’d remind the audience that aside from our anniversary-ing off of the CARES Act as well as the WiFi. Our organic growth is probably closer to around 4%. Still after what we can control, trying to drive that number down, some of the things that I can think of off top of my mind are vendor and product consolidation, working with the teams to try to drive that into a more efficient state, more personnel efficiencies and more ROIs around expense savings, where an example is a re-pipe. We can limit some of the insurance costs that are hitting us, and we can also eliminate some of the service requests that we’re having to face. So those are just a few examples of things that we can control that we do expect will help us throughout the year.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
Adam Kramer: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to ask a little bit about the sequential move in January versus December and blended rate growth and I guess, kind of the occupancy build as well. And looking at Slide 9, it looks like there was kind of decent drop-off in 4Q in terms of deliveries in your market. Wondering, did that kind of play a factor in maybe in kind of the January results with the December and January results? And then maybe how you are thinking about kind of, I think some of the further sequential improvements that you guys kind of talked about here in new lease in February versus January. And kind of in the months going forward relative to the fact that there is kind of that the pre-material step-up in deliveries, it looks like in 2Q, I guess in 3Q ‘24 in your markets?
Mike Lacy: Hi Adam, it’s Mike. I will start and if Joe wants to jump in, he can. Again, for us, we took the stance of trying to drive that occupancy up in the fourth quarter. And a lot of that has to do with you just have lower lease expiration. So, it’s a period of time where you can really get in there and make a difference. And I will tell you, probably more specific to how we did it. It’s not necessarily with the deliveries. I would say it’s more around our focus on retention. And so again, when you look at our turnover, and it’s 400 basis points better than what we would have historically experienced during that period of time, we were trying to drive our retention up, which obviously helps you with occupancy. Once we are able to build that up in that 97% range, we are able to continue that into January. 97% too again is probably a high mark for us. We are actively bringing that down today. I think February is probably closer to 97% and we are comfortable in the high-96% of 97% range, while testing our rents. And so probably the thing I would point to the most and probably most excited about is that trajectory. So, looking at that rate of change from December of down, call it, negative 1.2, negative 1.3 to 0.2 in January, it’s a positive trend. And the fact that a lot of that is coming from new lease growth, it gives us a lot of confidence as we move forward, but very low lease expirations in January, February. So, give us a little bit more time to see how this plays out over time.
Joe Fisher: Yes. And Adam, just to kind of close out there on the kind of midyear spike, if you will. What we are showing here on Page 9 is based off third-party forecast. And I think we all kind of know and accept that there is always going to be some degree of slippage, and so even with that spike, you are only running maybe 7,500 units a quarter above where we have been kind of in the back half of last year in terms of this year. So, it’s not a big number. There will probably be some slippage, but you are having that slippage and that higher delivery schedule into a typically seasonally a better period of time, which we would expect. And when you have got roughly 8 million units in our collective markets and you are only talking about maybe another 7,500 units a quarter, yes, it really isn’t a big number. We are cognizant of the risk it creates, obviously. So, given that risk and some others, I think it’s appropriate for us to be balanced in our approach and try to be cognizant of that and not get too far ahead of ourselves in terms of what we think could come on pricing power and guidance.
Adam Kramer: Great. That’s very helpful guys. Thank you. Just maybe a quick follow-up, wondering what the bad debt reserve that you have embedded in guidance says. And I know you have accounted for this a little bit differently maybe than some of the peers. So, maybe just what the bad debt reserve and guidance and then kind of the assumptions around, I guess where bad debt is today? And then kind of what the assumption is for where it is, I guess at year-end?
Joe Fisher: Yes. So, after kind of a challenging first part of ‘23 when we had the excessive level of long-term delinquents, the last six months of last year really leveled out. So, we are pretty consistently getting to, call it, 98.5% collected during that period of time. And that’s really our base case assumption as we go into 2024. And so those higher turns that we saw in the first quarter last year those help out in terms of thinking about stress on occupancy, on expenses, on potentially rates. But because we had reserved those individuals at an appropriate level, there is really no year-over-year implications for bad debt. And so we have taken an assumption that we basically stay at the same level. That said, I think Mike started to go into some of those actions that we are taking. And so we haven’t really assumed those actions benefit us in terms of who comes in the front door and the possibility of fraud and delinquency. Subsequent to that, be it through kind of those AI-based income and ID verification efforts, we are reevaluating a lot of our deposit and credit thresholds, taking a look at some of our processes related to move-in monies and other aspects to ensure that we continue to try to limit the front door because it really has become a cottage industry in terms of creating fraud and try to get in and take advantage of landlords at this point in time. But for now, flat year-over-year assumption, we hope there is some upside over time.
Adam Kramer: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Thank you for having me in. Joe or Mike, on the – with respect to the low-5% expense growth guidance, if you double clicked on it, roughly, what would the average Sunbelt market look like in terms of 2024 expense growth expectations?
Mike Lacy: John, they are all pretty close, probably within 100 basis points of each other. We are experiencing a little bit more pressure just on personnel in a place like that, just given the supply. Aside from that, we do have more of our rollouts on the WiFi today. So, we are incurring that expense. But we are seeing the offset again in other income because that’s double of what we are seeing in the portfolio as a whole. So, slightly elevated in the Sunbelt, but not materially different.
John Pawlowski: Okay. And then just a follow-up to that point, Mike, did I interpret your comments, the Sunbelt has doubled the lift of ancillary income, so call it, 90 bps. And so the range of 1% to negative 2% revenue growth in terms of – we are just looking for organic market level revenues really closer to zero to negative 3% in your Sunbelt market. Am I interpreting that math correctly?
Mike Lacy: Yes. I will give you a little bit more color on our expectations at the midpoint for the Sunbelt. We are coming into the year with, call it, negative 20 bps on our earn-in and that would imply about negative 2% expectations on full year blends, but the contribution from that will be closer to about 100 basis points negative.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Anderson with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Fisher: Hey Rich. You might be on mute.
Rich Anderson: Sorry. Thanks Joe. Here, I am. So, I find it interesting that the blended number – excuse me, the renewal number is still 3% or 4% or whatever it is and people are sort of confident that they – even though they know they can get two months or three months free across the street, they are sticking around, to avoid the inconvenience of moving. And that tells me something about what the swing factor is for your guidance going forward. It really is you got this blob of supply cholesterol on the system that perhaps will go away over the time. But if we get an economy in the future that avoids any kind of material drop-off. Isn’t this guidance really sort of realistic in today’s present tense view, but also designed to be beaten if we get an economic picture into the middle part of this year that is resilient – continues to be resilient and so on. So, is that the swing factor here to the upside, pure economic activity and the demand side of the equation?
Tom Toomey: Hey Rich, this is Toomey. I think you nailed ahead – nailed it perfectly. It’s jobs, okay. We have seen a robust set of numbers and the revisions have been up. We are surprised at the strength of the job market, the people reentering the wage growth side of the equation. And if that were to continue, the absorption of what the supply picture is goes pretty darn smoothly. So, I mean our business starts with jobs. Supply is a chop [ph], if you will, a bump in the road, and we will get past it. But that’s the upside scenario. And I am not sure anybody has hit the jobs number right in a long time. So, we will see how that plays out. But we are encouraged by where it started off in January and February, as Mike pointed to, and hope that, that trend continues, and that would be material revisions to our results. But right now, we are playing it on a consensus as Joe outlined right down the middle.
Joe Fisher: I think too Rich, the only thing to add, Rich, just on your comment there on renewals and why are individuals jump in for those concessions. Keep in mind that those concessions are not a market-wide concession. Those are concessions that you are seeing some developers offer in very distressed sub-markets, so maybe two months to three months in certain locations. But when you only have, call it, 2.5% of stock delivering across our market, that implies a lot of units that aren’t offering those distressed levels of concessions. So, it’s not as if every resident has the opportunity to jump ship, avoid that 3% renewal and go get three months. So, it creates a little bit of a stickiness, not just the fact that they don’t want to move and it’s costly to move, but also there is just not that abundance to jump to. And we are starting to see that a little bit. Nobody has asked it yet. But last quarter, we talked a lot about the A versus B continue in terms of in the Sunbelt, some of our B renters jump into As for the concessions. We are starting to see a shift in that dynamic after the last couple of months of seeing concessions start to ratchet down a little bit. We are seeing that continuum start to shift back to a more normalized approach to the B renter and staying in the B location.
Rich Anderson: Okay, cool. And then real quick. What do you make of Camden’s market share comment about new households increasingly going the rental route? Obviously, it’s much more expensive to own a home in this market. Are you seeing that play out at all in your neck of the woods?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think Camden and team are spot on that in terms of seeing more of a capture for the rentership side of the equation, be it multi or the single-family rental side. But when you have affordability pretty much as distressed as it has been at any point in the last 30 years, 40 years with single-family, typically, when you see that, you see the pendulum swing the other way. And so you have started to see signs of that with home ownership rate kind of peaking out to plus or minus 66% over the last year or 2 years, you start to see that tick down a little bit. So, I think on the macro side, definitely agree on that. We expect that to be the case in terms of the macro backdrop for our guidance. And then when you look at what we are actually seeing on the ground, you look at our move-outs to buy activity, it’s still significantly below what it used to be. And so we are keeping more and more people in the renter pool, which obviously helps on the retention side and helps on the pricing side. So, we are in 100% agreement with Camden on that.
Rich Anderson: Yes. I mean I get the theory, just wondering if you are seeing it in your numbers and you are saying you are already, which is interesting, so I got it. Thanks guys.
Tom Toomey: Thanks Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey there. Two quick ones for me. Good afternoon. Mike, I wanted to follow-up on your comments on San Fran and Seattle. I don’t think you mentioned it. So, perhaps can you share specifically what concessions you are seeing in those two markets today and what you are offering in your own portfolio and then maybe also outline where concessions usage is – concessions are being used more broadly and more prevalently in the portfolio? Thanks.
Mike Lacy: Yes. And thanks for the question. Specific to San Francisco, we were offering around three weeks during the quarter, during the fourth quarter. That’s actually come down to about half of that range over the last 30 days, and that’s where you see it translate into those blends that I mentioned, that 700 basis points, 750 basis point pickup from December. A lot of that is just concessions coming down in that market as well as market rents coming up. And it’s pretty consistent across the board. I mentioned earlier, we are 50% exposed Downtown SoMa area, 50% down along the Peninsula. It’s pretty consistent across the board. As it relates to Seattle, we haven’t really offered concessions there over the last year or so. That’s a market where we tend to adjust our market rents more than anything else. And today, we are not offering any concessions.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Thank you for that. And back to I think comments you guys have made on capital deployment here, it certainly sounds like there is a conservatism as you wait for perhaps to see better return versus not necessarily not having an interest. So, I am curious if you could talk a bit more about how hurdle rates – your hurdles rates have changed here and what you would need to see to get more active with on [Technical Difficulty] and perhaps more DCP deployment. Thank you.
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hi Haendel. So, I guess overarching, our capital deployment strategy is that we still sit in a capital-light mode. Obviously, the cost of debt has dramatically improved in the last 60 days to 90 days. Cost of equity has improved a little bit. Asset pricing has probably improved a little bit. So, the backdrop clearly getting better, and you continue to take off a little bit of risk at a time in terms of the supply and macro environment as we move throughout the year. So, maybe some increased degrees of conviction. But today, I would say the area that we are most focused on deploying is continue to deploy capital, joint venture partner, LaSalle, big props to Andrew and the LaSalle team on that One Upland deal that we got done in the mid to high-5s initially. With the capital flows we have seen and compression in rates, that deal would clearly trade for a cap rate inside of where we just bought it a few months ago. So, we would like to continue to deploy with them, go out there and get more opportunities. We have put about $150 million at the high end at share within our guidance. So, that’s the priority today. To the extent that DCP opportunities come along and maybe get some paybacks and we can redeploy, we will take a look at that, obviously. Development, we have seen a little bit of reprieve in terms of hard cost. They are starting to come down a little bit. And so I would say on the shovel-ready deals that we have prepared, we are probably in the 5.5% to 6% type range on current NOI and inflated cost. I think we will continue to take a hard look at that as we move throughout the year in terms of when is the appropriate time to start those given the fundamental picture, which as you go into ‘25 should be a little bit better than ‘26 clearly, when you are delivering well below historical levels of supply should be a good year to potentially deliver into. So, that’s the other piece that we will be taking a look at as we move through the year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Robin Haneland: Hi. This is Robin Haneland on for John. I just wanted to touch on the DCP. How many of these are currently on a cash basis versus simply accruing the rate of return to the balance and it looks like a couple of the preferreds were extended, Junction Phase 1 at infield. Was there any particular reason for this?
Joe Fisher: Yes. So, in terms of cash pay versus accrual, majority of these, by definition, because they are developments are going to be accrual-based. So, just the same way that the senior loan is going to have an interest rate reserve to help fund their portion, we are going to have an accrual on ours. And so over time, as those assets migrate to cash flowing and operational, at that point, they will start to generally pay the senior with cash flow, but will typically accrue. So, we will probably follow-up offline and get you a little bit more specifics on which ones have some degree of cash flow, but for now, I would assume majority are accruing as you think about it. In terms of the years to maturity, do you want to delineate between our maturity and senior loan maturity. Sometimes those are not coterminous. And so what we disclosed there in the supplemental on 10-B that is our maturity for our pref position and/or mezz position. And so typically, they are going to have extension rights built into those. So, that’s really all you are seeing there is exercise some of their extension rights that they have. That said, in terms of senior maturities, we talked a little bit about the asset in Philadelphia coming up with the maturity here in 2Q. Beyond that, our next maturity starting ‘25 and ‘26, so we really don’t have much in terms of senior maturities upcoming, which typically trigger some type of the capital event.
Robin Haneland: Got it. And on SoCal, given the current set of emergency, are your renewal rates impacted in any way? And can you maybe just touch on your flood risk insurance policy?
Mike Lacy: Yes. So, right now, they are in a state of emergency. So, there are price gouging efforts in place. So, there is a maximum of around 10% that we can charge at any given time. Right now, just in terms of how it’s impacted us, we have – happy to say it hasn’t been a huge impact. We do have probably 10 units or 12 units that are currently facing some leaks, but overall, it hasn’t been a big impact for us.
Joe Fisher: And just from the insurance perspective, every single year when we go through our renewal, we obviously renew, take a look at adequacy of limits across quick, name storm, water, whatever it may be. And so I feel we are appropriately covered at this point in time with the insurance program.
Robin Haneland: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Linda Tsai with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Linda Tsai: Hi. Just one question, back to innovation and other income, you have highlighted the $5 million to $10 million contribution in ‘24. I think back at NAREIT in L.A., there was a slide showing $40 million from innovation over the next 24 months to 36 months. So, $13 million a year conservatively, the $5 million to $10 million you are guiding to this year is less. Did anything change in your outlook versus back at NAREIT?
Mike Lacy: No, nothing has changed in our outlook. I think for us, we are just looking at the initiatives that are out in front of us. We still have a list of about 60 others that we are assessing today. And so we are constantly trying to figure out which ones to move the dial on and where we should put our efforts. And again, we think that that’s a pretty good place to start the year, and it’s consistent with probably the last 5 years or 6 years of around 50 basis points of incremental NOI that we have been able to produce.
Joe Fisher: Yes. And I think as it relates to that $40 million, a big component of that, call it, $15 million to $20 million was related to WiFi and still is. But as Mike talked about, that’s kind of $5 million to $6 million incremental. So, a lot of that lift comes in the coming years as we continue those rollouts and then you mature through the leasing cycle at each asset once we get that installed. I would say, too, just a little bit of context to that 45 or so basis points that we talk about innovation. That number is explicit to what I would say is very concrete ideas where things like WiFi or parking or storage where you can charge an explicit fee. We know what the rollout schedule is. That’s really componentized within that 45 bps. When you look at some of our biggest opportunities that Mike mentioned, when it goes to customer experience, when it goes to fraud efforts, those were not captured within that $40 million that we talked about, but those are also outside of other income. Those are pretty big implications as it relates to occupancy, pricing power, expenses, capital, etcetera. And so those are opportunities above and beyond that, but are very soft in nature because they are harder to quantify in terms of explicit timing by resident. And so those will come over time, but aren’t embedded in our guidance.
Linda Tsai: But is an opportunity in ‘24?
Joe Fisher: We do think there is an opportunity in ‘24. Mike mentioned we captured the kind of 1% of reduced turnover from customer experience. That adds a little bit to our ‘24 number, plus or minus $3 million on a year-over-year basis. But we do think there is a lot more opportunity above and beyond that to continue to push that customer experience and move detractors into supporters and start to continue to renew with us. Similarly, on the fraud side, we assumed no improvement year-over-year on bad debt. But in totality at that 1.5% number, that’s $25 million of revenue right there, and the real cost is usually about 2x that when you factor in upstream, downstream costs, expenses return, capital return. So, that’s a $50 million opportunity of which we are going to be going after a portion of, obviously, as we move to the future years and roll out some of this fraud prevention.
Linda Tsai: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good afternoon. Just one for me, I think you mentioned earlier in the call that you saw some softness in New York. Maybe talk about what’s going on there in your kind of medium-term outlook for that market.
Mike Lacy: Sure, Anthony, this is Mike. Just to give a little background, New York, 8% NOI market for us is mainly down in the financial district. And I will tell you, prior to the team this year, we are going to end up with the top revenue amongst our peers in that market, so they have done a really good job. But I will tell you from what we have experienced, we were coming off some pretty big highs. And we are obviously running 97.5%, 98% of occupancy. And then we started going to the more seasonal slow period of time, I am happy to see that in January, our blends did actually increase from December. They are up about 150 basis points, and they are roughly flat today. So, some of it’s probably seasonal, some of it’s coming off of a high, but we are anxiously are hopeful that things are going to continue to improve there.
Anthony Powell: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue. I would like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Thanks to all of you for your time, interest and support of UDR. We look forward to seeing many of you in the upcoming events. With that, take care.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-27 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to UDR's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo, you may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although, we believe expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR's third quarter 2023 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher; and Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy, who will discuss our results. Senior Officers, Andrew Cantor and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. To begin, for much of the third quarter, the multifamily industry continued to benefit from a resilient consumer, continued job and wage growth and relative price point affordability versus alternative housing options. These tailwinds served as an effective break against elevated apartment deliveries during the quarter. Our quarterly results reflect this relative stable demand versus supply environment with year-over-year, same-store NOI growth of 6% and FFOA per share growth of 5%. Both of these growth rates were at/or above our historical norms. However, towards the end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter thus far, the stable supply and demand dynamic changed as the seasonally slower leasing period took hold. Since mid-September, increased concessionary activity from new supply deliveries and lease-up have put more pressure on our lease growth rate and occupancy across A and B quality communities throughout our portfolio. This dynamic and its impact on our B quality communities in particular was unexpected and unprecedented in my 30 years in the multifamily industry. Even more so, as demand has continued to hold up relatively well. While this situation being felt across our industry, it has led us to lower our Same-Store and FFOA per share guidance for the full year 2023 with yesterday's earnings release. While we cannot control macro factors that impact our business, such as interest rates, inflation and job growth to name a few. We are focused on what we can control. These include, first, we continue to innovate, which has added to our bottom-line in 2023, and we'll do so for the years to come. We expect our two largest near-term initiatives being building-wide WiFi and enhanced customer experience to increase revenue, improve resident retention and further expand our operating margin over time. Mike will provide greater detail in his remarks. Second, we anticipate driving cash accretion from the six Texas communities we acquired during the third quarter. By bringing these communities on to the UDR platform and operating them more efficiently, we expect to capture approximately 800 basis points margin over time. Third, the joint venture partnership executed at the end of the second quarter is poised to grow with positive redeployment spreads, which should expand our fee income and result in scale-oriented efficiency benefits to our operations. We are actively engaged with our partner on where to deploy capital that should provide future earnings accretion and enhanced ROE. And fourth, we can actively enhance our liquidity to be in a strong position to take advantage of growth opportunities when our cost of capital eventually improves and supply pressures lessen. Looking ahead to 2024, we expect that a validated apartment deliveries will continue to pressure organic growth and capital markets recession should limit external growth prospects. Mike and Joe will add comments and color on these as well. Moving on. We continue to build on our position as a recognized ESG leader with the publication of our fifth annual ESG report, being named a sector leader by GRESB. Our GRESB survey score of 87 matched the highest in our history, and for the fifth consecutive year, our public disclosure was NA rating. These are achievements that all UDR stakeholders should be proud of as we work towards a more sustainable future. Lastly, I believe that UDR multifaceted diversification, leading operating platform and investment-grade balance sheet with nearly $1 billion of liquidity will help us to successfully navigate whatever macro environment we face moving forward. In closing, to my fellow UDR associates, thank you for your continued hard work and dedication. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tom. Today, I'll cover the following topics; our third quarter same-store results; early fourth quarter 2023 results and how they factor into our updated full year 2023 same-store growth outlook; and an update on operating trends across our regions. To begin, third quarter year-over-year Same-Store revenue and NOI growth of 5.3% and 6.1%, respectively, as well as sequential same-store revenue growth of 2.3%, met our expectations. Similarly, quarterly Same-Store expense growth moderated primarily due to favorable real estate tax outcomes in Texas and fewer insurance events. Thus far in 2023, a variety of demand and profitability indicators have benefited our business. These include stable occupancy, improved revenue retention and renewal lease rate growth holding above 4%. However, since mid-September, some challenges have emerged, including weaker traffic, lower leasing volume and new lease rate growth decelerating beyond typical seasonal norms. Combining all of this, we have seen a demand environment that continues to hold up well but one that has been overtaken by growing concessionary pressures from elevated apartment deliveries as we entered the seasonally slower period of the year. In short, the consumer seems okay right now, but in place and prospective residents can choose among more options at a discounted price in many of our markets. Buyers have become shoppers, which has pressured blended lease rate growth and occupancy across the industry. And ultimately led us to reduce our full year straight-line same-store revenue and NOI guidance ranges by 75 basis points each at the midpoint. Nevertheless, our revised guidance still remains above the peer group average. To provide a little more context. When we reported second quarter results in July, we were aware of the elevated new delivery forecast through the back half of 2023. At the time, we saw a resilient consumer elevated supply with developers offering approximately one month free and not competing with our predominantly B quality product and easier year-over-year comps in the fourth quarter. This dynamic persisted through early September until things begin to change. The financial health of our consumer was and still is okay, for lease-up concessions in many of our markets increased rapidly and began to compete directly with B quality product. This was something we did not expect and place our brands in occupancy under more pressure than originally anticipated. EDR typically does not use many concessions, but as a result of more direct competition, our average portfolio-wide concessions have increased threefold from half a week to 1.5 weeks. This equates to approximately 2% lower blends or the difference between the 3% to 3.5% fourth quarter blends we thought we would achieve back in July versus the roughly 1% blends we are currently realizing. We expect this concession-heavy dynamic to continue throughout the fourth quarter and into 2024. Looking ahead, and based on this revised outlook, we are forecasting a 2024 same-store revenue earn-in of approximately 1%, slightly below our historical norm. We will provide official 2024 guidance in February, but two initial considerations include: one, as it relates to same-store revenue market conditions suggest that 2024 rent growth will be below the long-term average of approximately 3% due to the negative impact of elevated deliveries combined with potentially lower forward demand. And two, our same-store expense growth is likely to approximate 2023 levels, driven by pressure on insurance, utilities and personnel. In particular, we faced a difficult year-over-year comparison in the first quarter, due to the $3.7 million one-time employee retention credit realized at the beginning of 2023. Moving on, we continue to make solid progress implementing our innovation initiatives, which we expect will enhance our growth profile in the years ahead. The two largest initiatives underway: one, building wide WiFi installations, we have underwritten and are achieving incremental revenue of $50 per month, per apartment home at a nearly 75% margin. We expect to end 2023 with community-wide WiFi installed across roughly 20,000 units, with additional rollout planned through 2025. Two, our customer experience project will help to reduce turnover over time. We've spent the last two years analyzing nearly a decade worth of leasing data and resident interactions across every possible touch point. From this, we built real-time resident-specific experienced dashboards and [indiscernible] 50% of our turnover is controllable. We sell across various operational metrics, but acknowledge our turnover has been higher than the peer average of light and believe there is a large opportunity to put upon this. While still early in the process, we are operationalizing our dashboards to identify resident or property-specific probe areas, make changes and ultimately improve retention. On its own, every 100 basis points of improved retention equates to approximately $2.5 million of higher NOI. Over the coming years, the tangible effects of our efforts should be evidenced by lower turnover, as well as higher occupancy, expense savings, increased other income and improved pricing power. Turning to regional trends. The relative outperformance of Coastal versus Sunbelt markets in recent quarters has continued, although elevated supply exists across all regions. On the East Coast, New York and Boston, which comprised nearly 20% of our total NOI, continue to be two of our strongest markets. Weighted average third quarter occupancy for these markets was 96.7%, and we achieved nearly 7% year-over-year same-store revenue growth. Minimal competitive new supply and high levels of demand continued to support pricing power with blended lease rate growth of nearly 4% during the quarter. In annualized resident turnover, 330 basis points lower than a year ago. On the West Coast, occupancy has remained in the mid to high 96% range. Orange County, which is our second largest market at 11% of total NOI, showed the greatest strength with year-over-year occupancy increasing by 70 basis points and NOI growth of 7% during the third quarter. Other markets across the West Coast, however, have seen an increase in concessionary activity, with the San Francisco Bay Area most impacted. While we are currently averaging three weeks of rent concessions across our San Francisco portfolio, it is not uncommon to find four to six weeks of free rent in the market. Lastly, the Sunbelt continues to face elevated levels of new supply, which has resulted in year-over-year new lease rate growth of negative 3% to negative 6%, equating to an approximate three-week concession on new lease. Based on job growth and traffic volumes, we believe demand remains solid and absorption is positive. However, because of the multitude of new options available to residents, renters have been wanting to shop more, we expect Sunbelt supply deliveries will remain elevated in 2024, which should continue to constrain pricing power across the region. In closing, while the near-term operating environment presents some challenges for us, I thank our teams for continuing to utilize new tools and technology to drive superior long-term results. I will now turn over the call to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our third quarter results and a fourth quarter and full year 2023 guidance, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity and a balance sheet update. Our third quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.63 achieved the midpoint of our previously provided guidance range and was supported by strong year-over-year same-store NOI growth. The approximately 2% sequential increase was driven by incremental NOI from same-store, joint venture and recently completed development communities. Year-to-date results through the third quarter were largely in line with our initial expectations. However, elevated levels of supply have resulted in less robust pricing power than previously expected towards the end of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter thus far. As a result, we have reduced our full year 2023 same-store growth and FFOA per share guidance ranges. Looking ahead, for the fourth quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range of $0.62 to $0.64, or an approximate 3% year-over-year increase at the midpoint. The expectation for stable sequential FFOA per share is driven by a $0.005 benefit from same-store NOI growth, additional lease-up NOI from recently developed communities and lower G&A expense. Offset by $0.05 from near-term FFOA dilution from the OP unit transaction we completed during the third quarter. Next, a transactions and capital markets update. First, during the quarter, we completed the previously disclosed acquisition of 1,753 apartment homes in Dallas and Austin for approximately $402 million. This was financed to roughly $173 million of UDR operating partnership units issued at $47.50 per share and our assumption of nearly $210 million of debt at an attractive weighted average coupon rate of 3.8%. Due to negative non-cash debt mark-to-market adjustments related to the below-market rate debt assumed, which were more adversely impacted than previously expected due to recent increases in interest rates, the transaction is dilutive to FFOA per share in 2023. However, moving forward, we are confident in our ability to drive future accretion by capturing approximately 800 basis points of margin upside. Second, during the quarter, we repurchased a total of approximately 620,000 common shares at a weighted average price of $40.13 per share for total consideration of approximately $25 million. These buybacks were executed at an average discount to consensus NAV up 15% and a low 6% implied cap rate. Funding came from a portion of the proceeds we received from the LaSalle joint venture seed portfolio, which was priced at a low 5% yield, thereby capturing a positive spread. And third, during the quarter, we achieved occupancy stabilization on a $127 million development community, totaling 220 apartment homes located in Dublin, California. This property, along with three other recently completed developments are expected to be accretive to FFOA in 2024 and 2025 as they continue to progress towards stabilization. Finally, our investment grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first, we have only $114 million of consolidated debt or approximately 0.6% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2024, after excluding amounts on our credit facilities and our commercial paper program. Our proactive approach to manage on our balance sheet has resulted in the best three-year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 3.4%. Second, we have nearly $1 billion of liquidity as of September 30th. And third, our leverage metrics remain strong debt to enterprise value was just 30% at quarter end, while net debt-to-EBITDAre was 5.7 times, down 0.3 times from a year ago and happy turned better versus pre-COVID levels. We expect these metrics to remain stable through the remainder of 2023. In all, our balance sheet and liquidity remain in excellent shape. We remain opportunistic in our capital deployment with balanced forward sources and uses. And we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation, competitive advantages to drive accretion. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Eric Wolfe with Citi. Please proceed.
Eric Wolfe: Hi. Thanks. You talked about the impact of supply. But if I look at the sort of deceleration in 3Q from 2Q, it looks like the deceleration is pretty broad-based, not just in markets that have that heavy supply. So just trying to understand if maybe there's also a more, broad tenant or consumer problem or if the impact of supply is, just going to get more pronounced in certain markets going forward?
Joe Fisher: Hey Eric, it's Joe. I think it's probably helpful to look at attachment 8G, because I think will Sunbelt does get the predominance of the focus in terms of supply. The reality is that supply as a percentage of stock is increasing above long-term averages in all three of our regions. And so while in an absolute sense, clearly in the Sunbelt up at the four-plus range, it is higher than the other two regions. But even in the East and West Coast, we do have pockets of supply throughout those markets where you have kind of high-ones, low-twos as a percentage of stock by each region. And so what we've really seen is a ramp-up in supply in the back half, they'll probably continue into the first half of next year. And it's degrading the growth rates and blown all three of those regions. And so they're all coming down at a pretty similar rate of change. It's just that East Coast dealing with a little bit less supply is doing a little bit better than the others than the West than the Sunbelt. And so I do think it really is a supply story. When you look at the consumer side of the equation, look at our dashboards on that front, we're really not seeing anything to the negative in terms of collection trends, doubling up, trading down anything of that nature. In fact, we're actually seeing the B-Quality Resident in some cases, actually jumping up and paying more and taking some A-Quality product, because of the fact that concessions have come up pretty materially in some markets and so, not seeing anything on the consumer side yet. And so demand's trends are still good. It's just really fighting through these pockets of supply.
Eric Wolfe: Got it. That's helpful. And I think someone asked this on the last call, but it was a good question. So I guess I'll steal it. Can you just sort of look at the sort of compounding impact of supply time it takes to sort of lease up properties and sort of a pretty heavy amount of supply that's going to hit this year. I mean is there a reason to think we're going to see positive market rent growth next year?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. I think it's a good question. Hopefully, we have a similar and/or good answer as last call. So I think there's definitely reasons to be optimistic as you think about 2024 from an Industry and from a UDR perspective. I think we all know about the elevated levels of supply that are coming on kind of ramping here into the back half and then the first half of next year before it starts to dissipate a little bit. But we still do have from a total housing perspective, supply is coming off overall. When you look at the reduction in single-family starts and deliveries that are expected in next year, it sets the tone in terms of total supply, I think also when you look at the relative affordability component, clearly, affordability is a stretched to the spend going back to the GFC, you can see the repercussions of that when you look at existing home sales going back to levels we haven't seen since the depths of the last crisis. And so in terms of closing the back door at least and capturing any incremental household formation, think rentership remains in a really good position on that front. We still expect to see positive demand overall. If you look at third-party forecast going to the next year, when you look at third-party expectation job growth, wage growth, et cetera, that looks positive. So it really just comes down to the supply picture and the fact that renewals remain pretty sticky overall, as you saw in the third quarter and throughout this year. I think most of us are still sending out renewals in the four-plus range, and pretty sticky. So I think there's reasons to be optimistic that we could say positive as a whole. That said, when you do have a little bit less demand and clearly a little bit more supply going into next year, we do think next year is a below average trend in terms of blended lease rate growth and revenue. What we're going to be focused on is clearly on the innovation and other income components and trying to drive some relative performance as we set up for 2025, which we do think starts to get a little bit better and become the light of the end of the tunnel as we work into the back half of next year.
Tom Toomey : Hey, Eric, this is Toomey. Just elongate the answer a little bit. I think we might see the capital markets recession that we're currently experiencing start to lessen and so I think with capital starting to flow again, that will change some of the dynamics in the marketplace as well towards positive, but we'll see how that plays out.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Jeff Spector : Great. Thank you. Just want to follow-up, Tom, on your opening remarks, given it's so significant. The unprecedented comment, again, listening to the responses to Eric on supply. But given this is the first time in your career, 30 years to see such an impact on B quality mean what's the conclusion here on what's happening? Because just to tie this into storage, right, self storage is seeing similar sensitivity on new customers since the summer. So it does feel like something is going on with the consumer more than just, let's say, price shopping.
Tom Toomey : Yes, Jeff, I appreciate the question. In the opening comment, here's what color I would add to it. I haven't seen the Bs have this much impact from a concessionary A type marketplace ever. And what's driving it? I think the Internet and transparency on pricing and the shopper or in essence, our customer has more options available for them. And so they're looking at their renewal or a new move-in number and just going down the street and saying, I can get more out of a new A product after they lay in the concessions of one month, two months, they're walking in the door and saying, I get a lot more. So I mean that gives us some comfort that they're trading up out of Bs on a concessionary and not down, which would be the normal concern we would have in a slowing economy. So that says a lot what Joe just commented on. The consumer seems very healthy. just enabled a lot more than they have been in the past to shop for value and they're doing it. And I think Mike can add some more color on ASPs and this what we call a shopping phenomenon that we hadn't seen before.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. Thanks, Don. Let me give a little context here. So in our Sunbelt markets where we have 25% of our NOI, and we're obviously, we're experiencing a little bit more elevated supply. Our Bs have underperformed our As our new lease growth by about 170 basis points. And just to size it, our Bs were negative 4.4%, and our As were negative 2.7% on new leases. This is very different from what we experienced during the second quarter and quite frankly, what we would have expected to experience. So during the second quarter, Bs actually outperformed our As on our new lease growth by 110 basis points. again, the size that Bs were negative 1.3%, As were negative 2.4%. And again, just to summarize, from what we would have expected, our Bs over A performance was off by 300 basis points on new leases in the Sunbelt.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. Very helpful. My follow-up is, I just want to clarify when you believe we'll see peak supply pressure. I know that's probably difficult to forecast right now, but how should we think about the supply into 2024, what's estimated into 2025? And again, when there might be peak supply pressure. And I don't know if it helps to discuss by region? Thank you.
Tom Toomey: Yeah, Jeff. I guess the positive is clearly what you've seen headline wise with starts dropping very dramatically here in the last couple of months of down kind of 50-plus percent, which someday will be a positive as we get into the fundamental picture probably in the 2025. As we look at 2024, it looks like we're going to plateau in the first half of the year. There's really not that much of a divergence within our different regions. There's clearly some markets that start to look a little bit better than others. But regionally, they're all kind of hitting in that first half of the year. That said, it's not going to be a cliff in the second half. You're going to start to see a dissipation in deliveries, but then you still have to deal with plus or minus 12 months to get through the lease-ups. And so those lease-ups are going to take place into 2025. So we're not going to say that 2025 is going to be the panacea for multifamily. But I think when you start to see the light at the end of the tunnel, some of these more extreme levels of concessions probably start to roll off and you have a little bit more rational pricing as you move through the back half of 2024 and into 2025. And so we're going to be dealing with it for a while, but 2024, clearly, we're still facing at 25% probably starts to look a little bit better for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed.
Nick Yulico: Thank you. Yeah. I just wanted to go back to, I guess, the original guidance on revenue growth and what it is now and just understand what changed. I guess in terms of sort of the second half of the year here, was the original guidance assuming that you wouldn't have as much typical back half of the year, seasonality pressures and you're assuming better pricing and occupancy in the back half of the year, and that's why now you're -- you face some issues on both of those items?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hi, Nick, it's Joe. So good question. One, we've obviously spent a bit of time on here in the last 30 to 45 days. So it's probably helpful to go back a little bit to July when we last confirmed guidance and talk about kind of what we had been experiencing at that point in time as well as kind of what we expected here in the second half of the year. And so yeah, in terms of experience, we're sitting there in July with six-plus months of sequential rent growth kind of up 4% through the first part of the year. That was pretty normal with historical trends in both in terms of absolute level, but also seasonality. We are seeing increased levels of supply, but we are still seeing pretty normal concessionary utilization. We still have pretty sticky occupancy, sticky renewals. And so we had a pretty stable environment, it felt like even in the elevated supplies we were sitting there in July. And so back half of the year, we expect a kind of a continuation of that in terms of yes, we do supply was going to keep picking up, but we thought that developers will continue to act rational and we wouldn't see a material increase in concessionary activity. We definitely thought that the first half performance of our Bs in those more heavy supplied markets. We're going to keep outperforming days, which Mike talked to that reversal a minute ago. And we really did believe that given we've seen normal seasonality in the first half of the year, that easier comps when we went into that September time period that we talked about previously, we thought we were coming up on the easier comps and that would definitely help as we move into 4Q. So when you kind of rolled it together, we expected plus or minus 3.5% blends coming here through 4Q. What we talked about upfront was we're starting off the first part of October at around 1%, which we hope kind of continue at that level through 4Q. And so we end up with about a 2.5% divergence that 2.5% on our revenue is roughly $0.02. That's kind of two-thirds coming from the broader supply commentary across all markets. And so just to increase concessions East, West and Sunbelt and about a third of it is kind of the AB phenomenon. And so it kind of breaks up the change that occurred. Obviously, we're not happy about it. We've got a really good track record historically of consistently delivering on the guidance that we put out there. So it's probably a little bit on this room here on the call of we were a little bit too optimistic 10, 12 months ago when we put that together. That said, definitely don't want it to mask what the operations team is doing and kind of track from what our goal here is, which is relative results. And I think, at least to date on third quarter, when you look at the five of us that put out results, I think Mike and team and the rest of the ops team should be really proud of what they've done in a relative sense. Yes, you look at revenue, I think in the quarter, we're number one sequentially and year-over-year, year-to-date. I think we're number one or two on both revenue and NOI. We're number two on year-over-year AFFO.  And so overall, I think the relative piece still holds. We're proud of what we're doing on a relative basis. And I know blends get a lot of focus to. And we've seen deceleration in blends on an absolute basis, we're probably slightly lower than some of the peers, maybe 50 bps, 100 bps, but it does mask a little bit of the occupancy strategy that we've had because our occupancy has been holding better than peers, keeping that relatively static. At the same time we're driving other income, which is why those revenue numbers look good. So it kind of gives you a summation of where we are at, where we're at today, but also want to refocus everybody on what we're doing on a relative basis.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Yes. Thanks for that Joe. Just one other question then is on if you have what the full -- the new full year blended rate growth assumption is, I think last quarter, you said it was 2.5%. And then for 2024, there was some commentary earlier that rent growth would be below the long-term average of 3%. I wasn't sure if that was also referring to like a blended rate growth number?
Joe Fisher: Yes. So kind of the update for this year is roughly 2% on blends down from that $2.5 million, so that 50 bps kind of for the full year equates to that kind of 2-plus percent delta that we're seeing in 4Q from 3.5% to down 1%. And that as it relates to 2024, the comment really has to do with we're seeing decent earn-in as we go into next year, approximately 1% earn-in as we head into 2024. So, slightly below the long-term average, but still a pretty good jumping off point. We do expect other income as it typically is to be additive to the number. But we do expect that, all else equal on the third-party forecast on demand, which, obviously, those can move around. But at this point in time, it looks like demand may be a little bit weaker next year at the same time that supply on the margin is a little bit higher. And so blends will probably be a little bit below the long-term average, if they're typically plus or minus 3.5%. This year, we're putting up 2%. So, we've got 75 days to kind of work towards that, see what the market gives us on the supply and the demand front and then come out with guidance next year, but we don't expect it to be an above average year as it relates to revenue growth.
Operator: Our next question is from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks. Do you guys expect any of your markets to have negative market rent growth next year, maybe more importantly, negative blended lease rate growth? And then on the flip side, any regions or markets you think could exceed that long-term average of 3% in 2024?
Joe Fisher: Hey Austin, it's Joe. I think it's too early at this point in time. We're going to look at it at a portfolio level and then also a ground-up level when we come through the budgeting process. And so there's probably going to be outliers to either side ultimately win another five, 75, 90 days to get through our budgeting process, get into next year and then come out in late January, early February and talk to you guys about what we're thinking.
Austin Wurschmidt: That's fair. And then how far along are you in backfilling kind of the skips in the VIX? And I guess I'm just curious how you kind of shape up the additional risk in the quarters ahead. Some of your peers have recently started discussing some similar issues that they're seeing.
Joe Fisher: Yes, I think we talked a lot in the first half of the year about that elevated level of long-term delinquents, which put some pressure on the occupancy and the pricing, some of the fees and of course, the turn cost and legal costs in the first half. But team has done a really good job both with upfront screening but also working through the appropriate regulatory and legal processes here throughout the year to get that number down. And so we do have a slightly elevated number of long-term delinquent still in the portfolio, maybe 15% above the long-term average. The challenge is that you still have elongated fiction processes in place, which means that you end up with 2, 3x the amount of dollar exposure for those individuals. And so we'll probably stay at that level, maybe get a little bit better over the next year. Encouragingly, though, I'd say in the month collections continue to be strong, we kind of get 96.5% collected each month. Subsequent to that, we have additional collections that usually take us to about mid-98s collected over time. And so that kind of gives you a 1.5% bad debt number. That's been pretty stable here over the last couple of quarters. We'd expect it to remain stable in the year-end. I think as we go into next year, could there be a little bit of upside. I don't think we're getting back to long-term averages of kind of 99.5% collected, given the regulatory environment, but maybe there's a little bit of upside from that 98.5% type level. That said, it really kind of becomes a rounding error in the total picture. So I think we're kind of losing a little bit of the force through the trees when we kind of dive into it.
Austin Wurschmidt: Got it. And then just sneaking in one quick one, I'm curious how the level of concessions portfolio-wide compare versus that, I think it was 2016, 2017 period where coastal markets were negatively impacted supplies. Could you just compare those two periods? Thanks.
Mike Lacy: Austin, we'd have to probably go back and look at some of the numbers from 2016, 2017. But I think what I would tell you is what we mentioned in my prepared remarks, seeing 1.5 weeks today. That compares to a half a week just a few months ago. And what's been interesting is places like Denver, L.A. and San Francisco, we've actually seen those increase a little bit more than average right around two to three weeks. And then the Sunbelt as well as our Philadelphia assets have moved about 1.5 weeks to two weeks over that time frame with everything else being pretty consistent. But I would say as you go back to 2016, 2017 levels, maybe slightly elevated today.
Operator: Our next question is from Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So the other income line continues to grow. I know it's part of your growth plan. We're just wondering about the quality of those earnings versus rental income and how resilient you think they'll be in a downturn as you're pulling back on your rent expectations.
Mike Lacy: Jamie, this is Mike. They're pretty sticky in nature. A lot of this has to do with things like parking and different fees that we've applied, whether it's package lockers, smart homes, things like that. So these things tend to be pretty sticky. In addition to that, it's incremental in nature. So things like short-term furnished, we still have premiums there. We're still doing things with our amenity rentals. And the newest thing was just rolling out our Internet program. We're starting to achieve those $50 increases. And again, that's – that's looking pretty good. The earnings for next year on that alone is going to be pretty significant to continue to drive, call it, that 50 basis points of other income growth. So overall, everything feels pretty good today.
Jamie Feldman: Okay. Thanks for that. And then I mean, shifting gears to some of the other levers for investment. I mean, can you -- what is this I guess what does the change in market conditions mean for your appetite to fund developer capital program, even new development starts? I mean do you think this has any kind of big picture impact and how much capital you think you could put to work in some of those in the coming year?
Joe Fisher: This is Joe. I'll take it. I guess, number one, we feel really good about the liquidity and balance sheet position. So clearly, going into this period of time with position of strength, if you will. So we've got a good optionality. As you go down to kind of that pick list, I'd say we would start with the dry powder that we reserved for our joint venture and so we did that seed portfolio earlier this year, source some capital in the low 5s effectively. Today, cap rates are in kind of that mid- to high 5s range based off a limited transaction volume that is out there in the market. So we'd like to be able to transact with our partner. We're showing them transactions. We think we can transact at that level. But just as importantly, we can go out there and layer on the platform and get the additional kind of 10-plus percent upside in NOI on top of that, plus that recurring fee stream both on asset and prop management to make the effective yield pretty compelling relative to where we source that capital. And so we and our partner are very focused on that right now to drive the forward accretion and take advantage of the market the way it is right now. I'd say on the DCP side, the good thing is we're really not seeing that many opportunities, which tells you that any development starts is going to be taking place. And so while we do think that market comes to us over time, and we would be interested in potentially adding to our portfolio there. At this point in time, looking at the capacity being utilized over on the JV and waiting for more opportunities to come our way. And then lastly, you mentioned just development. Development is pretty challenging right now. We've got some assets coming through lease-up that are doing well and will clearly drive some additional FFO accretion here in 2024 and 2025. But in terms of new start thresholds, we'd want to see at least mid-6s on a current basis, most likely given current cost of debt, where cap rates are and where our cost of capital is, we're not there at this point. But I would say we're getting some benefit potentially over time from the cost side. We're starting to see costs level out, if not come down. And so, I think if we're patient there and just keep building up optionality and making sure that we got all our land ready to go, there's going to come a point in time when we go pretty aggressively when all the market signals point us to go that way.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. You talked about that the demand has been holding in there pretty well. But I was wondering if there was any change in how the consumer is approaching the cancellation processes given that there's a lot of options out there, we've talked quite a bit about the As and Bs. Are they walking in signing a lease and then regretting their decision and backing out? Just curious of the trends within that?
Mike Lacy: Hey Michael, that's a great question, something we obviously have been watching very closely. And to your point, we are seeing people shop a little bit more. So when you think about that canceled denial rate, we typically run in that 36%, 37%. This time of the year, we're currently running around 42%. So we are seeing people come through the door. They're finding that there's potentially a better option out there. So they are canceling their release at times, so that is a little bit more elevated on the front door. And then on the back door, what I would tell you is, negotiating has picked up to some degree. We typically negotiate on, call it, 20% to 25% of our leases. We are currently around 25% to 30% negotiations, and that equates to about 50 basis points off of what we sent out. And normally, that's around 20 to 30. So, both front door and backdoor has elevated a little bit, but still will drive that occupancy in the high 96%. So we feel pretty good about where we're at.
Michael Goldsmith: Just to clarify the factor that's related to lease renewals, correct?
Mike Lacy: Correct. And I'll tell you, we've been very focused on our renewals as of late. And over the last six months, we have seen our turnover go down just by putting a flashlight on that. So even though we are negotiating a little bit more, and again, it's not that much more, we are still achieving above 4% on our renewals. We're still sending out around 4% rest of this year, and we're going to continue to try to drive our retention up.
Michael Goldsmith: Got it. And then as my follow-up question, just going back to the As and Bs, is this an issue in relative pricing in that the relative -- the gap between As and Bs have come down as new supply as get to concessions, or is this like more of an absolute issue where As have come down to the price, where at a certain price that there's more utility at that price and sort of like the gap between the As and Bs is less relevant. And just at that price, there's more interest in that new supply. Just any thoughts around that?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think it's more of the relative piece. So, if you look at traditional delta between our B quality portfolio and the new deliveries, you're usually looking at a 20% to 30% delta and price point. But when you throw two months concessions on there or roughly 16%, will you end up with is, call it, a 10% delta effectively between that B and that brand new product. So 10% on our type of rent, you're talking about $250 a month. And so positively, you're seeing the consumer say, okay, I can afford $250 incremental a month. So it speaks to the strength, cash position and kind of where with all of them. So they're getting a better quality asset or a little bit more cash. I think what will be interesting is when we get 12 months from now and to the extent that those concessions begin to burn off that's where you start to recreate that wider delta A and B product. It will be interesting to watch what happens to that consumer 12 and 18 months from now, if they come back down into that B space. But that's a little bit further down the road for now that dynamic we're seeing is the ability to upgrade for that B quality consumer.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks. Just one question, Joe, on capital allocation. You talked about the share buybacks, I think, around $40, and obviously, the stock is appreciably lower than that today and stock's probably trading around a 7 cap. I'm just curious what the appetite is to maybe sell more assets either into JVs or outright asset sales even if they're at higher cap rates than what you'd normally dispose at and use some of those proceeds to buy back stock at these levels?
Joe Fisher: Yeah, we did do the buyback when we had identified source of capital locked in at that lower level. And so it's generally been our MO in the past is to do it and smaller scale if we have that identified source. I think right now, we will take a look at exposing additional assets to the market to see where they price over the next several quarters. Just to continue to shore up liquidity, present ourselves with some more optionality and of course, look at redeploying into some opportunities, be it the JV, DCP or potentially buybacks. But I think right now, the priority definitely is trying to find JV opportunities instead of the buyback side of the equation. And while -- if we're trading in the mid to high sixes that may seem like a wider spread versus a mid to high fives, on the acquisition market. I think when you capture that upside that we can get from a below average operator, if you will, and bringing it onto our platform, plus throwing that recurring fee stream on and then adding scale to the enterprise versus shrinking scale from the enterprise. The delta really isn't that wide in terms of, call it, the final NOI yield or stabilized FFO yield between the two options. So we'd prefer to deploy with our JV partner in this environment.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up on the development, I think you mentioned 6.5% was the targeted yield. I guess why is that the right level if I know bond yields may come down, but we're sitting close to 5%. Spreads would certainly tell you you'd probably be issuing in the mid-sixes. Cap rates might be in the high fives to sixes. So why would a 6.5% to percent development yield makes sense?
Joe Fisher: Yes. That's a fair question. I'd say, number one, we are definitely on pause on that front. So I wouldn't expect anything here, definitely not the rest of this year and even probably at least through the first part of next year. Maybe by the time we get later into the year, if dynamics change, then we'll be able to take a much harder look at what is the required yield relative to what the source of capital is that we have at the time. I'd say that 6.5% right now on current that should stabilize out higher than that if we were able to start a 6.5%, because usually we're looking at current rents and stabilized cost. And so that 6.5% becomes a 7% over time as we lease that up. That 7% would compare to that 5.5% to 6% cap rate in the market today. And so you get a brand-new asset stabilized at, call it, 125 basis point spread to the source of capital or market cap rates. And so that's why we think it makes sense if we get to that point in time. We're not at that point in time yet where we have starts available at those levels. And I think we're still in a macro environment where we want to wait and see and stay capital-light.
Operator: Our next question is from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
John Kim: Thank you. Other markets, your other markets have been a drag on lease growth rates. And when you look at some of the markets that compose this, it doesn't seem like they have a lot of supply pressures. I know, Joe, you mentioned that supply is broad-based, but can you just remind us, are these assets typically older in nature, or is there one particular market that's kind of dragging down this performance?
Mike Lacy: Hey, John, it's Michael. This goes back to what I was talking about a little bit around concessions and what we've experienced over the last few months, places like Denver and Philadelphia. They fall in our other market category, and that's where we've seen concessions pop over two to three weeks in that period of time. So partially due to a lot of supply, those properties in those markets are typically a quality computing with that supply.
John Kim: Okay. And Mike, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, the focus on improving retention and that you've identified that 50% of turnover is controllable. At the same time, it's been mentioned many times on this call that people can price shop and make more information to move around. I guess, my question is how much confidence do you have that you could improve retention meaningfully in this market?
Mike Lacy: Quite a bit of confidence. And part of it, I had mentioned in the prepared remarks, we haven't done a great job with us over the last two years. When you just compare us versus our peers and so we think there's 3% just to get back to average. And the things that we're putting in place today, we think, are going to drive us above average. And for example, I mentioned it a little bit in my prepared remarks, but just having these dashboards to score interactions from every interaction that's coming through the door and being able to see exactly what's happening to change those trajectories. We're arming our associates in the field with that as well as our centralized teams. And it's starting to play out, as I mentioned, six months rate of turnover coming down, we're just now scratching the surface. And so as we go into 2024 and 2025, we're going to lean heavily into this utilizing the data that we've been able to mine and I think it's going to produce a lot of results for us.
Joe Fisher: Hey, John, just to add on to that because I think embedded in your comment a little bit is in an environment where there's concessions or better rent opportunities, if you will. Want that overwhelm their desire to stay or go. The reality is when we went and look back at the last 10 years of that controllable performance on turnover, only one of the top 15 factors actually had to do with rents. And so it has a lot more to do with their move-in experience and then what's their experience subsequent to move in. So it's both at the property level when you're dealing with things like crash and pet waste or noise or parking and how do we remedy those. And/or at an individual level, how do you remedy certain circumstances that they're having related to perhaps service calls the maintenance issues, some of the appliance issues, maybe noise next door. Just are we responsive in meeting their needs. And so there's a lot of property and individual level controllable factors. Have nothing to do with rent that we think we can take care of, to hopefully give them a better experience and therefore, a stickier resident at the end of the day.
Operator: Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, guys. Just one left on my list here. Joe, was hoping maybe you could add some light on why the bad debt reserve was up. I think about $9.2 million here, up 10% versus last quarter. And I know you guys are contorta bit differently, but maybe you can remind us what's embedded in your full year '23 guide from a bad debt perspective? Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Yes. And so just for reference, where he's looking for everybody on the call, just attach them at one down in footnote 2, we disclosed our net AR reserve. And I'd say, number one, that number is an output of two other inputs. And so you have our gross accounts receivable and then you have a reserve that we put against that, which is basically predicting what do we think is uncollectible of that gross amount. And so the net of those two is roughly $9 million, it was up about $900,000 in the quarter. And that's really driven by two things. That gross accounts receivable actually came down by about $1 million. And so that number coming down, clearly, a good thing in terms of collections. The other piece is we brought our reserve down as we looked at in the month collections and collections over time getting to that 9.5%. We're looking at that and saying we think collectibility of that gross accounts receivable actually improved. So, kind of, similar to what you see with the banks when they're getting a delinquency on a mortgage loan. It's really no different and that instead of us having a delinquent payment and then writing it off to zero, we're actually assessing collectibility of each one of those delinquencies. So it's not necessarily binary utilizing a little bit of science and a little bit of hear. So the trends that we see in continue to be good on collections. It ticked up a little bit, but we think it would probably be stable to trending down here over the next couple of quarters.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate that. And then broadly, within the guidance for bad debt near-term expectations, growth the motivation.
Joe Fisher: Sorry. Yes, yes. So we're -- we kind of have in the full year at this point, plus or minus that 98.5% collected. We think we'll probably level out of that here in the back half. We were a little bit lighter than that in the first half of the year. Little bit better in the second half of the year as we had success getting those long-term delinquents out. And so I think for a full year, 98.5%, I mentioned earlier, maybe there's some upside to that as we go into 2024, that's really going to depend on the regulatory environment, plus some additional screening mechanisms that we're putting in place here in the back half of this year to try to keep fraudulent individuals from coming through the front door. So there could be a little bit of upside. But again, I don't think it's a big number for you 98.5%.And over time, we get to 99% maybe there's 50 bps on the table over a couple of year period. And so it's not going to be the key driver for our performance next year, but hopefully, it is a slight positive.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Adam Kramer: Hey, guys. Just wanted to ask, I think you guys characterized kind of the competitive environment with some of the new supply as maybe kind of no longer rational in some ways in terms of kind of the concessions they're offering. Maybe just if you could kind of -- I don't know, it's a little bit of a high-level question. Maybe just kind of describe some of the behavior you're seeing from these developers, right, kind of to the extent to which they are offering concessions. And then just move on the other side of it, right, to the extent that they're not able to kind of hit their targets for lease-up. Are you kind of starting to get inbounds from them where they have different pressures, capital markets challenges? And maybe there's opportunity there on kind of more of the distressed side.
Tom Toomey: Hey, Adam, this is Toomey. It's always hard to judge if people are being rational irrational. But my experience says this, I think the developers are being rational about it because they're looking at their maturing loan and trying to say, I need an extension. I need a debt service coverage ratio and they're mostly going to pro forma one month free. And they'll stretch during slow periods of time to two months for to try to get there. Capitulation is when they go to three months free. Then they are immediately calling their lender and saying, "We need to start negotiating a paydown and/or an extension." So you're right to connect. What is the ultimate goal is to get to that refi and hold on to the asset as long as possible. And I'm not sure that there'll be irrational. What I think has caught us by surprise is the customer, that's sitting in that B Apartment, paying $2,200 a month and looking at the A down the street at 3,000 and saying two months free, I don't have to pay any rent, even though I can't afford the three most likely. I'm going to stretch for it and hope for a better day or a raise. And frankly, a lot of them are getting those raises. So that's the surprise to us is the jump from B to A in a lot of these markets. And I wouldn't expect that to -- I'm not sure I hate this forecasting stuff all the time. But the truth is, that doesn't seem very rational to me on the consumer side, jumping that way and putting themselves further in underwater, if you will, at a time of higher rates, higher credit card balances. So we may see that reverse. No evidence of it yet. But that's the surprise. We're speaking. The developers, not so much, not really surprised. They don't seem desperate yet. We're not seeing any market with a three-month free flag hanging out there. And when we do, I think that will be some very, very interesting times.
Adam Kramer: That's really helpful Tom. Thank you. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pawlowski with Green Street. Please proceed.
John Pawlowski: Thanks for the time. Joe, just one question on the developer capital program just how quickly, given how quickly property values and land values are moving. Can you give us a sense what you think the true loan-to-value ratio is for the average deal in your existing book right now?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. It's definitely in blend a fluid situation. As you mentioned, I mean, -- cap or not cap rates, borrowing costs were up by 100 basis points just since our last call. So it is pretty fluid. I'd say majority of these deals did have built-in expectations of 30-plus percent value creation relative to cost. And many of them, if you think about when they started to where they're at today, they had NOI exceeding their pro forma numbers. So there have been some challenges where there’s been a greater pocket of supply, but by and large, I'd say the majority of these deals are actually exceeding their expectations. And so I don't know specifically how to get into individual deals or overall, I would say if you look on Attachment 11B, just to point out the time lines that we have to potentially figure out when that equity comes due. We got some questions on those first four up in the pref equity stack, showing that years' to maturity. Just want to remind everybody that down footnote four, that years' to maturity is actually for our pref position. That's not always co-terminus with the senior loan. So, those first four deals, which look like they're coming to do a little bit sooner. Those are actually mid-25 to mid-2026, type maturities. So those are not coming due. The next deal up for us is actually down in the loan section, 1300 Fairmount, that's coming due in January 24. And so that's the only one that we have due in 2024, that we're going to be working through and trying to think about how does that refi look and what does the capital stack look like. So I think by next quarter, we'll have some more to talk about on that transaction. But overall, I think most of these are exceeding their initial pro forma. It's just trying to figure out where cap rates and values stabilize ultimately.
John Pawlowski: Okay. One follow-up, can you give us a sense how many projects on Attachment 11B, you're concerned about the debt service coverage ratios, the interest cost on the other types of debt going up, market rents are going down. It feels like the perfect storm for developer cash flow drying up. So can you give us a sense of how many projects you're worried about?
Joe Fisher : Yes. I guess I don't want to get into specific transactions. I'd say, most of these -- they're kind of in that 9% to 10% NOI yield. These deals that are kind of in the bottom two-thirds of the page, because of the fact that their pro formas have been exceeding expectations. So that's kind of a 6% to 7% yield to our pref position, which a mid to high 5s cap environment feels pretty good. I think what we've got to be able to get to with these is, yes, SOFR has increased materially. And when you're sulfur plus 300, that becomes painful from a coverage perspective. The reality is that the GSEs are very much still alive and well and have liquidity available. And so you got to balance the liquidity and then the rate and coverage. And so if you're doing GSE debt, you can get nice cash flow coverage on many of these deals once they get to refi. They're just trying to manage when do they want to go to that refi window and do they want to lock in longer duration debt. So I'd say at this point, nothing to speak of in terms of impairments or takebacks of any of these assets given the duration that we have on the senior loans, but we'll continue working with the senior partners and equity partners over time to figure out where those discussions need to go if they have to go somewhere.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question is from Connor Mitchell with Piper Sandler. Please proceed.
Connor Mitchell : Hey, thanks for taking my question. So you guys talked a little bit about how you're looking at the different development landscapes now? And I guess my question is just regarding the guidance reduction, how does that impact your underwriting of your own and then also JV. So, how can we think about the environment now versus a few months ago when you made the LaSalle JV deal? And maybe looking ahead, what can you expect to see a difference in the underwriting?
Joe Fisher : Yes. I guess, I'd say, first off, we're very pleased that we got that joint venture done. Obviously, it's a little bit different debt market at that point in time. So fluctuating that transaction and the pricing that we did, very pleased with and then being able to pull out those cash proceeds deploy them into basically CP paydown in a non-dilutive manner was clearly a nice trade there for the time being as we got stockpile that liquidity, if you will, until we redeploy. I think from an underwriting standpoint, we're going to meet the market in terms of where cap rates are if we find the right opportunities. So today, you're seeing kind of that mid- to high 5s caps. You are seeing that on a very limited transaction volume. So there's not a lot of sellers out there in the market. And you do have a number of buyers that are in the market to kind of help that pricing. So you've got a number of closed-end funds that have capital available that they've already raised. You have family offices, high net worth type of money, then, of course, the 1031 buyers out there. And so the market right now, while those pricings are beneath where current borrowing costs are with that limited amount of transaction activity, there's enough of a buyer and seller pool to actually get that done. I think going forward, the underwriting is not necessarily going to change in terms of forward growth expectations over an extended period of time. We're going to really be focused on what can us and our partner find together that can maximize what we can do from an operating platform perspective. And so that's always what we're focused on. So I don't think there's much in terms of change in underwriting on a go-forward NOI growth perspective.
Connor Mitchell : Thanks. I appreciate the color. And then you talked a little bit about the underperformance of B products versus A products and how that was the opposite earlier this year. Just kind of wanted to get some of your updated thoughts on how you think about the mix of B and A in your portfolio going forward? Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. I think over time, the diversification has clearly served us well when you look at having diversified price points, diversified submarkets and, of course, the 20 plus or minus markets that we're in provides a pretty good foundation from which to insulate ourselves relative to volatility and cash flow, but also kind of pivot the sources and uses. So I think we want to remain balanced. We're a little bit more B biased, obviously, throughout the portfolio, which has worked well for us over time. have a kind of a solid B that you can redevelop when you see upside rent potential and the markets are going well, but also helps insulate it during downturns is pretty nice. So I don't see any material shifts taking place to the overall portfolio strategy. We do typically like to try to find Bs to buy because as allowed for more opportunity to get a little more meat on the bone and/or more margin upside when we bring those on to the operating platform. So you do typically see us kind of buy that B to A range typically. And then the improvement in portfolio quality really comes through our development arm that does a great job of bringing on high-quality developments for us.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I would like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Well, thanks for all of you and your time and interest and support of UDR. I want to highlight again relative performance in my closing remarks. In particular, I think during the quarter, Mike out of the five peers that have reported, finishing number one in revenue, expense and NOI, it matters what we get to the bottom line. And it starts with operations, and I take my hat off to the team for that level of performance and it's a testament to their efforts and the platform, which are key points of future differentiation and growth potential. With that, we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in Los Angeles and in a couple of weeks at other upcoming events. And enjoy your holiday/Halloween and take care.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to UDR's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Vice President of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you Mr. Trujillo, you may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of the risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO Tom Toomey. 
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent and welcome to UDR's second quarter 2023 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher; and Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy who will discuss our results. Senior Officers Andrew Cantor and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. To begin the multifamily business continues to exhibit strength. In the second quarter, the industry experienced positive net absorption demonstrating the health of the consumer and the attractiveness of the apartments versus alternative housing options, despite pockets of elevated supply deliveries. Our results reflect the strength a few highlights: one, our second quarter year-over-year same-store NOI growth of almost 8% led to year-over-year FFOA per share growth of 7%, both of which we expect to be near the top of our peer group. Two, early third quarter trends including traffic, other income, and collections have accelerated versus our June results. This supports our expectations of sequential same-store revenue growth above historic norms and FFOA per share acceleration in the second half of 2023 as indicated in our guidance. Three, the joint venture partnership and portfolio acquisition of six communities we announced aligned with our strategic goals and demonstrates the strength of our operating platform by attracting capital from a sophisticated global institutional partner, while finding a unique opportunity to deploy capital and grow the company. These transactions provide future cash flow accretion, enhanced ROE for investors, and offer additional scale and efficiency benefits for our operating teams. And four, our investment-grade balance sheet remains strong with over $1 billion of liquidity. This provides both safety and the ability to execute accretive transactions should our cost of capital improve. Looking ahead we are encouraged by the continued job and wage growth combined with the prospects of additional clarity on the direction of interest rates. Regardless of the economic path forward UDR is well equipped to succeed based upon our diversified portfolio, prudent capital allocation, and our leading operating and innovative platform, all of which should help us outperform versus peers. Collectively, the actions we are taking are poised to benefit our stakeholders, our associates, and the communities in which we operate. With a highly engaged group of associates and future utilization of innovative technologies, I'm confident in UDR's ability to capitalize on the strength of the multifamily industry and expand our advantages amongst public and private peers. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include our second quarter same-store results, early third quarter 2023 results and how they factor into our full year 2023 same-store growth outlook, and an update on operating trends across our regions. To begin, year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI grew at strong rates of 7.6% and 7.7% respectively, in the second quarter. Similar to the first quarter, we continue to recapture apartment homes that were previously occupied by long-term delinquent residents. This temporarily high-level of baking units pressured pricing and increased repair and maintenance expense relative to what was in our initial guidance. There's still some work to do on this front, but we believe these disruptions are now largely behind us, as long-term delinquents have reverted to near our pre-COVID levels and in the month collections continue to improve. Next, we continue to see favorable fundamental trends to start the third quarter. First, demand remains relatively healthy. Year-to-date job growth has been stronger than most anticipated which is supporting solid levels of traffic. Second, the financial health of our residents appear robust as wage inflation has largely kept pace with rent growth in most markets, resulting in steady rent to income levels in the low-to-mid-20% range. Second quarter move-outs due to rent increases totaled only 8% down from roughly 10% last quarter and 18% at its peak a year ago. Third, relative affordability remains in our favor with mortgage rates hovering around 7% and low single-family home inventories bolstering prices, renting an apartment is approximately 55% less expensive than owning a home versus 35% less expensive pre-COVID. Only 6% of move-outs in the second quarter were due to home purchase which is 50% less than our historical average. And last, concessions remain minimal and average approximately half a week on new leases across our same-store portfolio. The concessions we've been offering remain, primarily concentrated in certain submarkets where elevated levels of new supply are being delivered. With this backdrop, we have confidence in our ability to drive further sequential same-store revenue growth improvement in the second half of 2023. First, after a slow start to the year sequential market rent growth of 3% over the last four months is above the pre-COVID average of approximately 2% over the same timeframe. July blended lease rate growth of mid-2% and occupancy in the mid-96% range are similar to our June results and are anchored by the most difficult year-over-year comparisons we face, given June, July and August 2022 blended lease rate growth of 15.5% on average. As the year progresses, our comparisons to 2022 results ease. This, when combined with our strong loss to lease and rent growth momentum should result in acceleration in both new lease rate growth and blended lease rate growth throughout the year. This would benefit not only 2023, but also positively contribute to our 2024 earn-in. Second, our loss to lease at the portfolio level stands at 3% to 4%. Much of this is related to leases signed in the fourth quarter of 2022 and first quarter of 2023, due to greater than typical seasonality during those periods. New York, Boston, Washington D.C., Seattle and San Francisco which are collectively half of our same-store NOI have the largest upside with a weighted average loss to lease of approximately 5%. And third, resident turnover is improving, which has both revenue and expense benefits. During the first half of 2023, we had approximately 600 more unit turns from resident skips and evictions compared to the first half of 2022. This impacted our occupancy, turn costs, repair and maintenance expense and administrative expenses which collectively reduced our earnings by approximately $0.01 to $0.02 per share. Now that we are closer to the pre-COVID norm for long-term delinquent residents we expect less pressure on turn costs, a reduction in vacant days and improved pricing in the second half of 2023 and into 2024. In all, we have positive operating momentum as we begin the back half of the year and expect to produce sequential same-store revenue growth of 2% to 2.5% in the third quarter, which compares favorably to pre-COVID averages approximately 1% and above levels seen a year ago. Relating this to full year 2023 guidance recall that the building blocks we've provided to achieve the midpoint of our same-store revenue growth guidance included: one, our 5% earn-in; two, full year blended rate growth of 2.5% with the contribution to 2023 being half of this or 1.25%; three, 50 basis points from other income initiatives; and four, flat year-over-year occupancy. Thus far, better realized year-to-date blended lease rate growth versus what was in our original guidance has been offset by 50 basis points of occupancy headwind from quicker-than-expected success removing long-term delinquency. We will continue to take a balanced approach between pushing rates and maintaining occupancy to maximize revenue and NOI. Turning to regional trends. The positive momentum we have seen on the coast has continued. On the East Coast, our Northeast markets of New York and Boston are portfolio standouts. Weighted average second quarter occupancy was 97.2%, and we achieved 9.4% year-over-year same-store revenue growth, robust levels of traffic and minimal competitive new supply continue to support pricing power with blended lease rate growth of nearly 5% during the quarter. On the West Coast, occupancy has remained consistent in the mid-96% range with stable concession usage. Seattle was a standout in the second quarter with a 70 basis point sequential acceleration in blended lease rate growth compared to a 30 basis point deceleration for the entire portfolio. Return to office mandates for various large employers in the region, coupled with new jobs created by artificial intelligence companies has enhanced both traffic levels and pricing cover. Lastly, the Sunbelt continues to face a pair of headwinds that has led to negative new lease rate growth in order to maintain occupancy levels. First is the relatively high level of new supply deliveries, which we would expect to continue through 2024. Second is an increase in skips to nearly twice the prior year level attributable to compounded rent growth over the past few years, outpacing income growth and affecting affordability for certain residents. Because of these factors, we expect pricing power across our various Sunbelt markets to remain constrained in the near term, though we continue to believe in the long-term growth prospects. Finally, I'm excited to operate the six communities in Texas that we are under contract to acquire. Our acquisitions team identified properties with in-place controllable operating margins that are approximately 800 basis points on average below UDR communities in the same markets. By bringing these acquisitions onto our best-in-class operating platform, we can drive compelling upside and create value through our existing and ongoing innovation initiatives. In closing thanks to our teams for your ability to execute our strategies as we continuously innovate and adopt new technologies to drive strong results. I will now turn over the call to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our second quarter results and third quarter and full year 2023 guidance a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity, and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Our second quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.61 achieved the midpoint of our previously provided guidance range and was supported by strong year-over-year same-store NOI growth. The approximately 2% sequential increase was driven by incremental NOI from same-store, joint venture and recently completed development communities. Year-to-date results are largely in line with our initial expectations. Operations are trending to the midpoint of guidance and potential accretion from the LaSalle joint venture is offset by near-term dilution from the announced Dallas and Austin acquisitions. As such, we have narrowed our full year 2023 same-store growth and FFOA per share guidance ranges. Looking ahead for the third quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.62 to $0.64 or an approximately 5% year-over-year increase at the midpoint. The $0.02 or 3% sequential increase is driven by a combination of higher NOI from same-store and recently developed communities. The implied fourth quarter FFOA per share guidance of $0.65 reflects another $0.02 or 3% sequential increase. This is driven by an increase in revenue from blended lease rates, occupancy and other income initiatives, additional lease-up NOI from developed communities, higher income from DCP investments sequentially lower expenses and improved bad debt trends. Next a transactions and capital markets update. First, during the quarter, we completed the formation of a $507 million joint venture, with LaSalle, on behalf of an institutional client. UDR contributed a seed portfolio of four communities, totaling more than 1,300 apartment homes at a low 5% yield. With the $245 million in proceeds, we reduced our commercial paper balance, which carries a mid-5% interest rate. We plan to grow the joint venture alongside our partner by targeting acquisitions with operating upside, that are located proximate to other UDR communities to increase operating scale, densification and earnings accretion. This transaction is expected to be accretive to cash flow and FFOA per share, once dry powder is deployed and will enhance our future growth profile. Second, subsequent to quarter end, we entered into an agreement to acquire six communities totaling 1,753 apartment homes for approximately $402 million. In addition to the operating upside Mike discussed, we were able to finance the transaction through roughly $173 million of UDR operating partnership units, issued at $47.50 reflecting, a 2% premium to consensus NAV. Furthermore, we assume nearly $210 million of debt at an attractive weighted average coupon rate of 3.8%. Due to negative noncash debt mark-to-market adjustments related to the below-market debt rate assumed, the transaction is expected to be cash flow neutral and slightly dilutive to FFOA per share in the near term. However, we expect to drive accretion once operations captures the significant margin upside. Third, during the quarter, we addressed three of our upcoming DCP maturities by funding a total of $39 million to pay down and extend the maturity dates of the senior construction loans. These fundings will earn a projected initial contractual weighted average return rate, of 9.4% while having our first dollar exposure starting in the low 50% LTV range. And fourth, during the quarter, we achieved stabilization on one development community totaling 292 apartment homes for a cost of $102 million at a stabilized yield in the high 5% range. We continued the successful lease-up at our two other recently completed development communities, which also have an expected weighted average stabilized yield in the high 5% range and will contribute significant FFOA accretion, in the second half of 2023 and into 2024.  Finally, our investment-grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first, we have only $113 million of consolidated debt or approximately 0.5% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2024 after excluding amounts on our credit facilities in our commercial paper program. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet, has resulted in the best three-year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 3.2%. Second, we have $1.1 billion of liquidity as of June 30. And third, our leverage metrics remain strong. Debt to enterprise value was just 27% at quarter end while net debt-to-EBITDAre was 5.5 times down 0.7 times from 6.2 times, a year ago and more than half a turn better versus pre-COVID levels. We expect these metrics to remain stable throughout 2023. In all our balance sheet remains in excellent shape. Our liquidity position is strong. We remain opportunistic in our capital deployment, with balanced forward sources and uses and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to drive cash flow and earnings accretion. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator? 
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Wolfe: Hey, guys. Maybe I missed this in your remarks, but where do you expect market rent growth to go in the back half of the year?
Mike Lacy: Hey, Eric, it's Mike. We're seeing some pretty positive trends. So just to kind of put it in perspective over the last few months, we've seen market rents rise about 2% in the back half of the year. We expect to see something similar. So right now market rents, we've got some tailwinds if you will. 
Eric Wolfe: Got it. So market rents you said 2% blended rent would be a bit higher than that given like a loss to lease?
Mike Lacy: Yes. It's different by region obviously. What we're seeing today is loss to lease in that 3% range. We're probably closer to 5% to 6% on the East Coast around 3% to 3.5% on the West Coast and then our Sunbelt's roughly flat today. So we do expect to capture a lot of that in the back half. And just as a reminder when we were going into the back half of last year into the first part of this year, we had a lot of headline news if you will just around tech layoffs the banking issues put a little pressure on our market rents, but we expect to gain a lot of that back this year. So that's part of our confidence in where we're headed with both new lease growth and renewal growth as we move into the rest of the year.
Eric Wolfe: Understood. And then just a quick follow-up on that. I mean, in your remarks you said you needed to adjust pricing to induce demand from some of the delinquent tenants that left earlier than expected, which obviously is a good thing. But when I look at where blended spreads went down the most was in the Northeast and the ,Sunbelt which is where I would think you would see the least amount of delinquent tenants, I would think would be on the West Coast. So just maybe help us understand sort of how much you think those sort of delinquent tenants and the price adjustments impacted your spreads during the second quarter?
Mike Lacy: Sure. I'll give you a little color, but I think we've gotten a few questions on this. So let me just back up a little bit and provide a few other points. I think it's important just to remind everybody there's varying definitions on blends out there right now. And as a reminder, we include everything first and foremost. And when we think about blends right now over the last three to four months and really thinking about last year, we were about 200 basis points higher than the peer average. So we were really driving our loss to lease. We are pushing our renewal growth. And we've got a tough comp right now. As we think about it going forward, just getting rid of some of these long-standing delinquents the fact that they're more or less behind us, we're starting to see that momentum in market rents. That goes to what I said with what we expect going forward especially in those coastal markets. And that's truly what's going to drive that rent growth trajectory as we move forward.
Eric Wolfe: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Spector : Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. My question is focused on the Sunbelt. Is it fair to say that the Sunbelt is a bit worse than expected so far this year? I know you've been flagging it supply issues, but I guess how would you characterize the Sunbelt? And if you could be more specific on is it certain cities? Is it urban suburban? We're getting a lot of questions on the Sunbelt today. 
Mike Lacy: Yes, Jeff, again, this is Mike. I would tell you, we do experience a little bit more weakness in the Sunbelt than we would have expected. And as I said in my prepared remarks, I think, it's twofold. It's partially due to some of the supply that we have in some of our submarkets, specifically what we're seeing in the Cedar Park area of Austin as well as Addison in Dallas where we have more exposure. So I think that's part of it. The other piece of it was really the skips that we experienced down there. So, as you all know we've been pushing renewal growth pretty aggressively over the last couple of years, we experienced about 250 to 300 skips in that part of the country and that put a little bit of pressure on our occupancy, which obviously in turn has pressure on your market rent. That being said skips are starting to slow back down at this point. And going forward it feels like the Sunbelt's relatively stable. Today we're in that 96.5% occupancy range not really seeing the concession levels pop up as much and market rents are holding steady. So, as we move forward, we expect that we'll see probably blend similar to what we just experienced in 2Q in the Sunbelt. That being said, we did see more growth in the coast, specifically the East Coast. We didn't expect New York, Boston, even D.C. to do as well as they have. And again, those are other markets where we're running close to 97% occupancy today. Concessions are basically nonexistent in New York and Boston, still a little bit to some degree in the 14th Street Quarter of D.C., but pretty strong growth on just top line rent. In addition to that other income is doing really well. We feel pretty confident about where total occupancy is today. We think we can get a little bit more aggressive as we move forward on our rents and we're seeing a lot of success return in some of our other initiatives that relate to other income as we move forward too. So, overall a positive outlay as we go forward too. 
Jeff Spector: Thank you. And just to clarify I know you had some comments on supply in the Sunbelt in '24. I guess some of the data showing that might remain elevated beyond '24. Any information or any color you could provide there on kind of that Sunbelt supply you were talking about through '24 potentially into '25? 
Joe Fisher: Hey Jeff, it's Joe. I'd say, overall for our portfolio as well as Sunbelt, I think we've remained pretty stable when you go into '24. So you see a pretty big ramp here in '23 relative to '22 in terms of deliveries taking place. So we're kind of up 30% really that kind of 2.5% of stock number overall within our portfolio. It's a little bit less than that within our submarkets here this year. But you do have Sunbelt running up in the 4% range as a percentage of stock and even higher in certain markets like Nashville and some others. So they're facing a little bit more pressure. When you go into '24, it looks like it's going to remain pretty stable. There's not a lot of volatility either this year or next year as it relates to first half second half stats. So I think you're kind of stuck with Sunbelt staying a little bit higher here through this period of time. I would say though from a total housing stock perspective, you've seen single-family completions coming off fairly dramatically as starts have really fallen off a cliff in the last six to 12 months. And so total housing stock picture looks quite a bit better. And generally it's stable on a year-over-year basis in '23 and likely into '24. Plus you got the relative affordability piece which is clearly in multis favor. So I think generally Mike's comments on stability feel pretty fair in terms of -- as long as we continue to see that demand in household formation in the Sunbelt, I think we'll be in a pretty good place there. As it goes into a little bit longer you're kind of alluding to is that tail going to get stretched out? You're starting to see the early signs on the census data in terms of permits and starts coming off maybe 10% from peak. I would say anecdotally we believe it's off quite a bit more than that. Just talking to developers in the space talking to lending partners that we work with obviously looking at DCP projects that honestly we really not seeing much come through our pipeline. You look at the Architectural Billings Index which is off pretty dramatically. So, a lot of good forward indicators that tell us it's about to fall off. Similarly, if you look at some of the third-party data and go away from census-based data which is a little bit spotty from a survey perspective at times and somewhat lagged. If you look at third parties like QAxio and their stat data which is traditionally been very well correlated with overall starts they're up as much as 50% from peak already in the last 12 to 18 months. So I think somewhere in between the down 10% and down 50% is probably closer to reality but we are seeing that supply come down which bodes well for '25. 
Jeff Spector: Very help. Thanks Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. I guess good morning out there. I guess Joe to kind of follow-up on that question. I'm just curious, are you seeing any maybe early signs of any distress or investment opportunities maybe on the land side? My understanding is a number of merchant builders are starting to scale back the size of their development teams and maybe looking to sell some land parcels. So I'm just curious, is there anything that's come up or you think it's shaken loose over the next six to nine months that might be a '24 or '25 start for you guys? 
Joe. Fisher: Yes. I'd say number one, just kind of thinking about the starts activity within our internal business plan, we had plus or minus six projects that we had to kind of penciled in to start either this year or next year. And just given our capital-light strategy, the cost of equity, the cost of debt where cost and rents are in place yield, we are kind of sitting on those and just building in the optionality, so that either when rates come down, cap rates down, stock price up, ingoing yields up, we'll be ready to really jump into our existing development pipeline. And so we have delayed that, which obviously helps sources and uses and is prudent I think to kind of sit back and wait. On the distress side, be it land, be it acquisitions, we really aren't seeing distress within the multifamily space. I think there are sectors that have become much more capital starved and/or have different fundamental profiles, but in multifamily with the GSE backstop there's always liquidity available and it is a preferred asset class as we've seen good performance going through COVID and coming back out the other side. So I'd say if you go to some of the tertiary land parcels maybe they're trading off as much as 20%, 30% but if you look kind of main and main core parcels, you're really not seeing anyone willing to transactions. The developers are generally pretty decently capitalized and not in a rush to transact at potentially discounted prices. So nothing on that front, and honestly really nothing on the acquisition front. Commentary really hasn't changed much from last quarter. And then when you look at current NOI, we're still seeing plus or minus 5% cap rates on the deals that we've been taking a look at. We've shown a lot of deals to our new joint venture partner and have been working through those assets and see in the market and what the returns are there. We're still seeing a lot of unlevered buyers out there be it sovereign high net worth closed-end vehicles, PE that are looking for kind of that 7-plus-percent unlevered IRR. So we think we're in that plus or minus five cap world right now, so not seeing much distress out there.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks. That’s it from me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thank you. Just stepping back for the total portfolio, can you just give us a sense how far along you are in that eviction process? And how you expect to be able to backfill some of the vacancy you highlighted due to skips and evicts. I mean is that a 2023 event? Could you get back to the high 96% range later this year? Just trying to get a sense of how that trends and then also what you're assuming to get to that 2% to 2.5% sequential revenue growth for the third quarter?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Austin, it's Joe. So I'd say overall feeling really positive as it relates to that long-term delinquent picture. We're down to plus or minus 250 longer-term delinquents at this point in time, which really isn't materially different than our long-term average. It's just that they are sitting there with a little bit higher balances because they've been able to stick around quite a bit longer than history would have allowed them to do. So, we're feeling pretty good there. We've gone from kind of 750, nine, 12 months ago down to that number. I think as Mike said between the evictions and the skips as we work through that process we saw about 600 incremental in the first half of the year, which definitely came at us quicker than we expected. We thought it may take a little bit longer either due to eviction moratoriums that used to be in place and/or eviction diversion programs that have elongated the process. So we did get them back quicker. As Mike mentioned it cost us maybe $0.01 or $0.02 in the first half between taking a little bit of occupancy and pricing hit, losing some fee income. And of course you have higher turnover, higher legal and then marketing costs will acquire the new resident. So we did have that headwind. But overall I feel like we're in a pretty good place now. You've seen our gross AR and the AR continue to trend down. And when you look at our collections, our end-of-month collections and end-of-quarter collections continue to trend higher. So overall I feel good on that trajectory. So when you think about that 2%, 2.5% sequential number there is some occupancy pickup that we expect as we go forward. So you got that, you have blended lease rate growth that is positive. Mike already talked through some of the other income and reimbursement initiatives that we have out there that are going to help drive some of that sequential. And then you get into bad debt after taking more of the hit in the first half it starts to improve from a sequential and year-over-year perspective here in the second half of the year in 3Q and going into 4Q. At the same time on the expense side, we think we're relatively static in expenses in the back half relative to 2Q. So they'll pop up a little bit in 3Q and back down 4Q. And then beyond that, the other big driver that we have out there, which is non-same-store but helps drive that increase in FFO from 61 to 63 to 65. We've got development lease-up NOI. So we've got three assets that are in lease-up right now about $375 million basis. In 2Q, they produced an annualized yield of just over 1%. Those are eventually going to stabilize in the high 5s. So there's about a $3 million or $0.01 pickup from 2Q to 4Q from that plus probably another $0.03 of accretion year-over-year by the time you get into 2024 from those lease-ups. So it's kind of the roll-up of kind of that walk forward from 2Q to 4Q. 
Austin Wurschmidt: A lot of helpful detail in there. It sounds like some occupancy pick up but maybe not back to the high 96% range you were at. So as we think about then this improvement in lease rate, can you just give some detail around how new and renewal lease rate growth trended month-to-month in 2Q, so we can get that picture of how things are trending into the back half now that the skips in evics are further behind you?
Mike Lacy : Yeah. Hey, Austin, it's Mike. Throughout 2Q, we were hovering right around 3% to 3.5% in the first part of the quarter and then June we were closer to 2.5. I would expect July and August to look very similar to June at this point just because we're anniversarying off of those very high numbers from last year. And again, that being said, we do expect September to start to take off. Even with normal seasonality right now with market rents, we will see year-over-year market rent growth going forward and that will obviously lead to higher new lease growth and higher renewal growth. 
Austin Wurschmidt: Just to clarify, when you say start to take off, is that sort of back to the 3% to 3.5% level, or do you think it could get better than that? 
Mike Lacy: Right now we're thinking that 3% to 3.5% range as we move forward, once you get past this July, August time frame. 
Austin Wurschmidt: Very helpful.
Joe Fisher: And Austin just to quantify that a little bit. When Mike talked about that seasonality, we saw last year starting in September when we saw those -- a lot of those headlines pop up on the banking and the tech side. We saw seasonality dip pretty aggressively September through December. It actually dropped by 300 basis points versus typical seasonality. So a lot of that loss to lease that Mike is talking about of plus or minus 3% that's embedded in basically September all the way through 1Q of next year. So the loss to lease that we're looking to capture isn't so much occurring here in the next couple of months. As we go through kind of those blends, you're going to really start to see a pop potentially in 4Q and 1Q next year. So that's really the momentum piece. Part of it is better market rent growth year-to-date and part of it is just a lot easier comp both on an absolute and relative to peer basis. 
Austin Wurschmidt: That’s a good detail. And I appreciate the insights.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Derrick Metzler: Hi. This is Derrick Metzler on for Adam Kramer. I appreciate the comments on accretion for the JV and the subsequent property acquisition in the opening remarks. If you could talk any more about expectations for timing to deploy the dry powder that you mentioned in the JV? And any other puts and takes you can talk about after the subsequent property acquisitions. So net-net, how should we think about accretion for these transactions? Thanks. 
Joe Fisher: Great question. So I'd say as it relates to guidance this year because we've gotten a couple of questions on kind of the implications of the two. The JV is expected to be year one accretive, but contingent on deployment of that dry powder because once that dry powder gets deployed, that's when you start to earn the asset management prop management fees. It's also when we're able to redeploy and do assets that we can go capture operations upside and kind of enhance yield on. So day one it's kind of a push as we sold the low 5s and then paid off. You have a low to mid-5s commercial paper balance. So there should be some accretion coming there. We are pretty convicted in terms of our ability over the next 12 months to begin to get that capital deployed. As I mentioned Barry and Andrew of team have been working pretty tightly with LaSalle and looking at a lot of different assets in the market, trying to make sure what fits for them what fits for us. And as we've talked about aside from kind of that just accretion from the fee side, I definitely think it's beneficial to be able to have a partner that over the long term we can continue to grow with, redeploy proceeds with on an efficient basis and get some of that operating upside from our platform be it through the traditional initiatives or getting more deal next door and more densification play. So I think over the JV you'll see that accretion come in over the next 12 months. The counterbalance to that is obviously the OP unit transaction which is day one dilutive for us. So the net of these two ends up being slightly dilutive here to 2023. But over time both FFO and cash flow accretive in 2024 and 2025 we believe. So maybe just a couple of comments on that OP unit portfolio transaction. We're obviously very excited. I think this is going to be a very fun test for the operational team to take what has been under-managed assets and really lean into the operational upside there. So I'll make a couple of points, but Mike will probably come over the top and give you some more specifics. But to the positive the controllable operating margin here, it's about 800 basis points below the margin in our Dallas and Austin assets. That's the widest differential that we've seen of the $3.5 billion that we bought over the last four or five years. So probably the most meat on the bone of any transaction we've seen. From a funding perspective, we really like this because it's basically self-funded in the sense that we had low-cost assumable debt combined with a very attractively placed equity issuance through OP units. And so we like the self-funding nature of it. On the debt side assumable debt carries a rate of about 3.8%. When you look at that relative to market today in the low 5s we've got six-plus years of call it 150 basis point advantage on that debt, which if you think about a debt for market value it translates into about a 25 basis point benefit in terms of asset pricing. And then lastly, these are newer institutional assets that have been very well maintained. If you think about the CapEx profile on these relative to our legacy portfolio as a percentage of NOI, it's probably going to be round about half of our legacy portfolio over the next five-plus years. So that equates to about a 25 basis point improvement to the cash cap rate relative to the equity that we issued. So day one we buy this at about a 4.5% NOI yield. Year one, it's probably about a 4.75% and that assumes that we capture about 200 basis points of that margin upside. But then when you adjust for that cash differential you're basically issuing and buying a year one at the same cash cap rate. And from that point forward you have all the revenue initiatives plus all the margin upside to go after, which we think ultimately drives much better growth from this portfolio relative to our legacy portfolio and gets to probably $0.01 or so accretion over the next couple of years. I'll turn it to Mike. He can take you through some more details. 
Mike Lacy: Yes. Let me just add a little bit more color around that controllable operating margin. Joe mentioned, the team is very excited to get our hands on these assets. He mentioned, 75%, 76% controllable operating margin. We run our properties in the same markets closer to around 84%. So we do believe in the next six to 12 months we'll be able to capture a good chunk of that. And obviously after two years we'll be able to capture the majority of it. A couple of things just to give you more specifics around it. Four of these assets are basically in our backyard right next door to one of our wholly-owned assets. So we intend to get a lot of efficiencies just as it relates to just the personnel side of the business and we expect to capture that again in the next six to 12 months. Aside from that we do have some positive in-unit amenities that we're able to get in there day one and add such things as smart homes washer dryers on a couple two or three of these deals were able to get in there and do that. That's really good return for us. And in addition to in-unit amenities, there's also everything that's on the outside. So things that we've done in the past with parking initiatives, the fact that they do not have package lockers were able to order those and get those installed in the next few months, a lot of low-hanging fruit. And we believe between the end unit and the amenity areas, there's probably 150 basis points alone in the next 12 months. Aside from that, more innovation on WiFi over the next six months we'll assess that and try to go hard on installations and then just our revenue management alone. The fact that we can get in there and do more of our surgical pricing on in-units, we think there's a lot of upside. So I think it's safe to say that call it 700, 800 basis points will be captured in the next 12 to 18 months.
Adam Kramer: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thank you. A lot of moving pieces here on the guidance puts and takes. Just as you think about the back half of the year, where do you think there's the most variability? Where may you actually surprise the upside? And where are you most concerned about the downside?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think when you go to the non-ops lines, we generally feel pretty dialed in as it relates to interest expense variability. We're running at maybe 6% floating rate debt plus or minus in the back half of the year. So minimal variability there. G&A feels pretty well dialed in. DCP, we did the $40 million of additional investment there. We'll have some additional fundings on a couple of other deals as we fulfill commitments on a couple that are just working through construction but minimal variability that we see on the DCP side. I think a couple of variability aspects of on the OP unit transaction just as we integrate maybe you see a little bit of either positive or negative. Same with the joint venture if we redeploy quicker those cash proceeds. We could start to earn those fees a little bit sooner and start to capture some of that upside. But I think most of it is going to come through on Mike's side on the same-store piece. And so we do expect to see some upside in occupancy. We've talked about that pickup in blend starting in September of the year although that ends up being a little bit more of an earn-in in 2024 story at that point given how many months are left. So I think that's your big variability. Real estate tax is pretty well dialed in at this point. We know 80-plus percent of those, I think personnel R&M especially given that we have gone through a lot of the high turnover, pretty well dialed in on the expense side. So we feel we're pretty tight. That's the reason we end up going right back to the midpoint as overall we're tracking to where we expected to this year.
Mike Lacy: If I can just add a couple of things I think to Joe's point, we feel pretty good about the blocking and tackling around the operating environment. In fact, we're sending out between 4.5%, 5% renewals through October. We intend to capture that. And again, market rents should start to see that year-over-year bounce back. So, overall the blocking and tackling feels good. On the opportunity front, I think it's around innovation. And you've heard us talk a lot about what we've put in place this year in terms of rolling out Internet. We've got about 9,000 units installed for bulk. At this point, we've got another 9,000 that are coming over the course of the next five months or so, and we'll continue to push that forward as we move into next year. So I think there's some opportunity there. As far as unmanned sites, we're a little bit over 20% of the portfolio rolled out. We're going to be assessing that and looking at 2024 to see if we can add more. But overall, I'd say the things that we've rolled out have been successful. But where we're probably most excited about and you've heard us talk a little bit about it, is the customer experience dashboard. And the fact that we have full transparency on the life cycle of the resident with all of our data in one place in chronological order, which includes things like text, surveys, phone calls, service requests, we can see exactly what's happening. We're testing different hypotheses right now and we think there's a ton of opportunity as it relates to this. I think what's on the horizon, it's probably more of a 2024, 2025 but obviously we expect this will increase our retention. We think it will be -- allow us to do a little bit more as it relates to capital decisions and how we spend money. And ultimately, it's going to lead to pricing power. So I think there's more opportunity with this in front of us and we're just now scratching the surface.
Jamie Feldman: Okay. Thank you. And it sounds like you'll see some acceleration in the back half of the year on same-store and earnings. Rolling into 2024 on the expense side, what do you think your growth rates look like there, if you think about the major line items at least from the visibility you have today?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Jamie, I'd say it's pretty early to get into that. But honestly, they get with a 4.75% midpoint this year you probably don't look materially different next year. I think it's a little bit above that long-term kind of 3% number. So kind of let's say 4% to 5%. Real estate taxes, you do have some lagged impact of valuations having come down and NOI moderating, insurance clearly is going to continue to be an area of pressure, although overall premiums only about 2% or 3% of expenses. There's still some degree of wage pressure given the strength of the job market out there. So, we still have wage increases and as well as within R&M. But it probably doesn't look much different than it has here in 2023.
Jamie Feldman: Do you see a scenario where it's materially higher?
Joe Fisher: They never say never but some of the big pressure items that we saw here coming through this period of time as you look at the level of turnover that we had, driven by those long-term delinquents those are exceptionally costly to us. And given how much they cost us in the first half of the year, it's hard to see how that would be the case. We do have some tough comps. I think everybody remembers in the first quarter we have the benefit of the care benefit in terms of the personnel reimbursement. So that was maybe a 75 basis point impact. At the same time, we've got a lot of initiatives. Mike mentioned, going to fewer headcount over time. We rolled out our maintenance technology suites recently, which is vastly improved efficiency as well as resident communications. So there's probably more benefits there. We've got a number of ROIs that we'll be focused on, both from a revenue and expense perspective. So, vastly higher would be challenging I think. But it remains to be seen. I think six months from now we'll get into on that guidance call in January. 
Jamie Feldman: Okay.
Tom Toomey: All right.
Jamie Feldman: Thank you.
Tom Toomey: Jamie this is Toomey. I might just add. I mean if you think about it long-term the advantages the publics have is sophisticated operating models that continue to put distance between us and the private owners. And so when we get a cost of capital advantage, you're going to have a distinct advantage both on the revenue and the expense because of the investments these companies have been making. So I think when I look out on the horizon '24 '25 when we get a cost of capital there's going to be opportunities for these enterprises to continue to grow by making investments in their operating and innovation platforms. So while we might not be able to fight back all the expense pressure it is by far a fraction of what private operators are having to deal with. 
James Feldman: Yes. No that makes sense. I guess Tom just like you have the mic I mean the whole Sunbelt debate I mean it seems like this quarter some portfolios have acted a little weaker than people thought. Some have acted better. I mean what's the big picture on Sunbelt's supply in your mind? 
Tom Toomey: Well I mean I think it's always been -- we run a book of national. So we can't talk a region or up or down one. I think in the long-term the Sunbelt will have an equilibrium. It should have attracted a lot of supply did attract it. It attracted a lot of jobs at higher paying ratios. And so we'll see how those higher-paying jobs other businesses relocating. If those grow and grow into that supply it should perform very well. And so I think in long-term housing as a whole is a great place to be invested in. And these markets go through these ups and down cycles but in long-term our business really comes down to the health of the consumer their wage growth and their ability to continue to be employment and grow that income that we want a piece of. So long-term I think it will equal out. Markets will cycle up and down. That is our philosophy about how we structured the company be diversified. These markets are going to go up and down. But if we can pick the right markets at the right time we're going to do really well.
James Feldman: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Thanks for the time. In the opening remarks, you made some comments about maybe some stretched affordability in the Sunbelt. So I was hoping maybe you could provide a little bit more color on where those levels have gone from and to and how that compares to kind of the other markets or close to part of your portfolio please? 
Michael Lacy: Juan it's Mike. Yes, I think that's more specific to what we experienced with the skips in the Sunbelt versus the evictions in the coast. So we did see around 250, 300 skips and a lot of that has to do with some of the supply in our backyard. So when we're tracking and we're finding out where people are going they're pretty much sticking within that marketplace but they're able to capture either a concession or a lower rent at some place next door. So again that put a little bit of pressure on us in the Sunbelt. And it's the opposite with what we experienced in the coast. That's where we're able to get in there move through the eviction process. We did see more evictions than what we saw last year. And again, this puts the same type of pressure on both our occupancy and our rents but we feel like a lot of this is behind us now and we're able to move forward.
Juan Sanabria: Maybe a dumb question here but how do you determine if something is "skip" versus just a normal course move out? 
Michael Lacy: The skip typically somebody comes in they drop off the keys. So they're not waiting to go through the eviction process they're more or less giving up. 
Juan Sanabria: Got it. Okay. And then just second question. How are you guys thinking about the potential overhang from the end of the student debt relief and the strikes in LA related to the Hollywood business the writers, actors any impacts you guys are incorporating or thinking about with regards to your second half expectations? 
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I guess as it relates to the student debt piece. I'll take that one and then Mike can talk to anything about the recent strikes in LA. On the student debt side, I wouldn't say we have great insights here. We're going to be holding to wait and see when August 29 occurs and payments go potentially back into place. Overall, you typically see about 20% of households in the United States that have some form of student debt with a medium payment only being about $200. So as you think about our renter and their typical household income it is less than 2% typically of overall household income so not a meaningful component. That said, I think, we're going to just have to wait until we get into the fall and see if there are any implications in terms of pricing power on renewals or any demand impacts in terms of traffic come through the door. But today we don't have any great insights there. 
Mike Lacy: Yes. Specific to L.A. I think, it's always important to note, this is really just a 3%, 3.5% of our NOI market. A lot of our exposure is in Marina del Rey. And I'll tell you the market has done well where we continue to see positive new lease growth renewal growth still in that 5% range and occupancies hovering around 96.5% today. More concessions are downtown where we have our JV assets. But overall L.A. feels good. I have gotten a couple of questions around just our sequential growth. And I think it's important to note that without some of the eviction that we saw there as well as some of the skips, we would have been closer to about 1% to 1.2% sequential revenue growth without bad debt. So again this market feels pretty good to us today. Not really seeing a big difference in traffic. And I think we're in a good position as we move forward. 
Juan Sanabria: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question. 
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks a lot for taking my question. Mike the quantification of the new lease rent growth by region was helpful. Do you expect the gap in the new lease rent growth for the East and West Coast and the Sunbelt? Do you expect that to widen through the back half of the year and by how much? 
Mike Lacy: Not much. So what I would tell you is again in the back half of the year we think there's more opportunity in the coast just because that's where we have the greatest loss to lease. And again that's where we had some of the depressed market rents last year. So I think you'll see that continue to show well in the back half. But what we're seeing with the Sunbelt today is we've got through a lot of these skips it did put pressure on us. We do expect that it to be somewhat stabilized going forward. It's not going to widen. So maybe the coast gets a little bit better, but I don't expect the Sunbelt to get materially worse. 
Michael Goldsmith: That's helpful. And then have you seen any changes in the lease-up strategies from merchant builders who see their product delivering into a high supply environment, or has pricing remained overall pretty rational around lease-up? 
Mike Lacy: It's been very rational. We see in some cases where concessions are going to four to six range, but we're not seeing people go as far as eight anything past that. So overall it feels rational. Sunbelt today minimal concessions. And then I think there's just pockets where you have developers offering a little bit more, but overall we feel pretty good. I mean we have a couple lease-ups of our own and we offer right around four weeks to six weeks and we're ahead of schedule in terms of leasing. They've been leasing at about double the rate of what we see in our mature portfolio. So overall promising. 
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question. 
Nick Yulico: Hi, everyone. I just wanted to see in terms of the acquisitions that were announced you gave some perspective on the yield. Are these also underoccupied assets? Any sense on what the you can give us on the occupancy of the assets? 
Mike Lacy: They're a little bit lower than what we would run. So we see around 95.5% to 96%. And again in the Sunbelt area we're closer to 96.5% today. So just slightly under where we typically run them. 
Nick Yulico: Okay. Got it. I just wasn't sure what the initial yield you talked about whether we should think that in reality the yield would be a little bit higher before what you've already mentioned was some of the margin improvement you expect to achieve. 
Mike Lacy: That's right. 
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Wes Golladay with Baird. Please proceed with your question. 
Wes Golladay: Hi, everyone. It looks like you have a lot of opportunity on the acquisition you discussed earlier. But can you remind us like what is the typical value creation you can achieve just to the UDR platform within a few years? 
Joe Fisher: Yes. Typically when you go back Wes and look at from 2019 to early 2022 we did $3-plus billion of transactions usually the controllable margin differential that we saw on those was around 400 basis points. So back then we buy and we can typically get 10% lift excluding any market rent growth. And so that would be capturing that 400 basis point, plus you're going to put on some occupancy upside rev management. You can do other topline initiatives like parking and package smart rent and Wi-Fi and all that that will help drive topline as well as expense piece helps the margin. So, it's usually 10% lift. We can contact to the bank when it's managed by a typical third-party. In this case this is not managed by third-party property manager. It's really more of a mom-and-pop shop. So there's a little bit more meat on the bone there with 800 basis points of margin than we typically see. 
Wes Golladay: Got it. And you mentioned not seeing any distress but we did see you come in and help one of your DCP a few of your DCP investors. I know you're a well-capitalized company. I'm just kind of worried I'm not worried I just maybe want to get your view of the state of the average private developer they're probably getting a lot of recruited interest. Cap rates have moved up a little conversely. NOI has increased. Has that been sufficient to still have them with equity just for the broader industry based on the people you talk to, or do you think we lose some developers in the cycle? 
Joe Fisher: I think you're definitely going to see some developers lose assets to cycle and lose capital. In this case, with these three assets, definitely not going to tell you that they're going to get the returns that they originally expected when they went into these transactions. But from a capital stack perspective, the cap stack on these was basically they were built for $360 million. After these paydowns, the senior loan is at about $175 million. Our position is about $160 million. So, we're kind of going to 50% to low 90% loan to cost on these assets. Obviously originally they expected these to be worth substantially more than cost. But even if you use cost as a baseline there's still some equity in there. In terms of the distress for those developers we talked a lot internally about how to approach these over the last kind of three to six months. Ultimately, we didn't want to push either our lending partner or equity partner to the brink on this to find out was there going to be capital available from the equity or force them into the position where there are plenty of opportunistic lenders out there. The challenge with them is they charge much higher rates. You'll have points on the way in and on the way out potentially interest rate reserves and just general terms that we as a pref-equity partner, don't really want to have sitting ahead of us in the cap stack. So, we like the idea of doing the refis with the relationship lenders keeping them in place and just doing the pay down which for us doing it that 50% to 60% loan to cost is effectively where we're investing that new capital at a mid-9s that felt like a pretty good return for assets. We know the assets that are still going through their stabilized NOI phase they're 90% leased less occupied but NOI trajectory looks good on those. So, overall, felt good about them. But yes, there probably will be some distress out there at some point in time for certain developers.
Wes Golladay: Thanks for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alan Peterson with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Alan Peterson: Thanks for the time guys. Joe maybe just a follow-up there on the DCP projects that you guys extended incremental capital to. In terms of the conversation with those partners what's really holding them back from starting to market these assets for a potential disposition opportunity for them?
Joe Fisher: I just think timing-wise when you look at the environment that we're in today, they're coming through lease-up. These markets specifically relative to a lot of the rest of are owned or DCP portfolio have been more challenged. When you look at the Oakland market that has faced a lot of supply. Santa Monica has been a little bit more challenged. And even Philly it is in a pocket where there has been a lot of delivered recently. So, from an NOI trajectory, there is a belief that is you work through that that you going to see rents continue to lift those NOIs will stabilize and you'll have a better number here in a couple of years to either refi off of and look at a different refi environment to potentially sell into or recap them to. At the same time, you've got a lot of unknowns around where fed has been where rate is going to stabilize and where buyers can actually underwrite these assets too. So, today while they have equity they don't have the equity and returns they wanted. And so holding on for a potentially better environment makes a lot of sense to them and we're happy to be along for the ride as we like where we're at in the capital stack. 
Alan Peterson: Appreciate those comments. Maybe just shifting over to operations. Mike in terms of some of the heavier supply markets, I appreciate your comments on just the lease-up concessions that are being offered right now. You started to notice a lot of stabilized concessions as well within some of these heavier supply markets within the Sunbelt, whether you're using them or some of your private peers are and to what degree?
Mike Lacy: Hey. It's a very good question. I'll tell you again, just to remind everybody, we have been giving out less than half a week on new leases. So we're not really utilizing a lot of concessions on stabilize. That being said, in the Sunbelt, we have seen a few more people offer maybe two weeks here and there just to try to drive a little bit of demand but nothing that's thrown us off. And I'm not really seeing a lot on stabilized assets in some of the coastal especially East Coast markets.
Tom Toomey: Hey Alan, this is Toomey. I'd also add, I mean, part of this market is how owners operate and how they adjust their strategies. The other part is really the resident. And Mike had in his opening remarks, but we're not seeing any stress with respect to our residents. I've seen the doubling up impact. And we're kind of grateful that we've gotten through the long-term squatter issue and got that behind us. And so that really feeds a lot of our optimism from where we are, the facts that we are looking out 90 days and what we're seeing for renewals et cetera. So that really does feed the second half story of what we believe is unfolding in the marketplace. And you continue and like you have written strong employment picture, good wage, no stress on the consumer that's evident. That's our optimism. And it's turning into being a reality when we look out 90 days and what we're sending out for renewals. And what we're getting back in our turnover number is coming down again. So it feels good, really.
Alan Peterson: Appreciate, those comment. And thanks for taking my question guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good afternoon. Maybe one more on the seasonality here, it sounds like you're saying that the first and the fourth quarters will be the highest for lease spreads and market rent growth which is the inverse of a typical seasonality. So is that the case? And do you think that's unique to your portfolio, or is that an industry-wide phenomenon we'll see adjusting for markets in geographies?
Mike Lacy: I think it's a little bit of both. So when you think about just the comps we pushed very aggressively in the middle of last year and that goes back to one of the comments I made, our blends were about 200 basis points higher from call it April through July. As we went into the back half of last year, we started bringing down our renewals. Our blends were a little bit lower than some of the peers. So I think we have more upside in terms of year-over-year as it relates to comps, but a lot of this is the seasonality we've talked about. If nothing else changes and we have normal seasonality going forward, September really starts to move. So you do see that inverse relationship as it relates to a year-over-year basis, and that drives your new lease and renewal growth.
Anthony Powell: Got it. So you're pretty confident you'll see that higher rent growth even in a lower foot traffic environment kind of in September, October, November given the comps and given what you're seeing on renewals, and given the strong costumer?
Mike Lacy: Based on everything we're seeing today yeah, and it goes back to Tom's point with the consumer being as healthy as they are. And again, where we're tracking today we feel pretty confident.
Anthony Powell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey good afternoon out there. So two questions and first your comments around the Sunbelt and the rent pressure certainly poke a lot of holes in the folks who would want to say that these pricing systems control the market, clearly not. My question is, when you guys were pushing rents aggressively and I think you said you ended up with a bunch of skips in the Sunbelt, what went into the process on pushing the rents so aggressively? Presumably, your leasing team knew about the competitive supply nearby. So I'm just trying to understand better, the strategy of pushing rents, if you in fact knew that you were facing the supply pressure down there?
Mike Lacy: Yeah, Alex I think that's a really good question. I'll tell you it's more about what we did, not what we did in the last couple of months. So the last couple of years we were probably more aggressive on some of our renewal increases in the Sunbelt. And I think that started to stretch people to some degree as we moved into this year. But over the last few months you can see it in our renewal growth rates as well as our turnover. Our renewals were going out at a pretty normalized 4.5%, 5% range. So it wasn't necessarily what we're doing recently. It's more of what we did over the last couple of years. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question is supply in the Sunbelt definitely seems to be more of a submarket issue because it's not uniform. And you guys obviously just bought -- committed to buy more product down there. What are you guys doing as far as diversifying away either older -- buying older product or buying more in the suburbs or diversifying your holdings such that and this by the way I guess applies to the coastal infill markets as well so that you diversify your product away from where people can build new supply. 
Jose Fisher: Yeah, I think it's a good question. When you look at our existing Sunbelt portfolio, we are much more suburban and B quality. The new development rents that are coming online are typically 20-plus percent above most of our Sunbelt portfolio. So I think we're mildly insulated but clearly not immune from that activity. But we have talked about over time do we want to become more diverse within those markets being more suburban and B quality. This trade obviously helps us go up in quality from a quality perspective. So newer product obviously the podding aspect, we are podding for these six assets. So they're closer adjacent to existing assets. So it's helpful from an ops perspective maybe not diversification or submarket perspective, but it does help the ops team quite a bit. So we do think about that and we did think long and hard about the exposure to Dallas and Austin. It is adding to the Sunbelt and a period of temporary weakness we believe. Tom laid out kind of the thesis longer term or we do think Sunbelt longer term is a great place to be. And I would say Dallas has been kind of middle of the pack for us. It's not in the same level with the Austins, Nashvilles, Charlottes, Phoenix et cetera that have been getting hit as hard with the supply and fundamental stuff, Dallas where the assets has been performing better for us. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you, Joe.
Operator: And our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Good afternoon, up here. My first question is a follow-up on the JV with LaSalle. I guess three parts. But quickly firstly how do the IRRs on the assets you're buying and underwriting compare with what you're selling into the JV. Second, can you discuss the market selection process involved? I understand that the assets that were contributing to the JV there were no Sunbelts in Boston DC Seattle. Was that a deal breaker for the partner? Do you not want any Sunbelt? And then lastly you mentioned, there's capacity or desire to contribute further assets. So curious how much larger this JV could become?
Joe Fisher: A good question. So a number of these actually kind of evolved as we went through the process talking about this partner and others in terms of desired portfolio exposures unlevered returns future growth profile et cetera. So I'd say -- on the unlevered side generally not necessarily specific to this conversation, but a lot of the conversations that we had as we went through the partner selection process, the unlevered kind of low to mid-7s IRR is where a lot of sovereign wealth funds were looking to transact at. So that with a typical kind of 2.5% 3% growth number really supported the kind of five cap environment that we're in. So I would expect these were underwritten about the same way on a go-forward basis as we show assets I do think we have the ability to capture outsized IRRs on an unlevered basis. If you're buying at market pricing but they can put better than market operations onto that asset. You should have a potential to drive a little bit of incremental IRR relative to that 7-plus number. In addition I think they're going to continue to look at our partner going to continue to want to look at kind of that 10- to 20- 25-year-old asset. That maybe has more of that operational upside as well as potentially a CapEx plan which could help returns further. So I think we're pretty well aligned because that's been our strike zone for a number of years of on the acquisition front. So we should be good there. Market selection-wise we really didn't try to cherry pick certain markets. We try to make it sure it was diverse for all the potential partners we talk to make sure it kind of looked like the EDR portfolio as a whole. I would not say that Sunbelt is red line for this partner. Andrew and team have shown them a number of Sunbelt transactions already. So it's not a red line market. It's going to come down to market submarket and assets. So perhaps over time we do see more Sunbelt assets come into that JV. And then just lastly in terms of future growth each of us have plus or minus $250 million of dry powder earmarked for future growth together on an unlevered basis. So, that would take this JV from roughly $0.5 billion to $1 billion. At some point in time, we may put leverage on to the joint venture, if it becomes accretive and makes sense for both parties in the future. And then the -- one of the pieces, we're probably most excited about with this partner was they're pretty light on real estate allocation today, and expect to continue to grow over time. And we'd love to be one of their preferred partners to grow with and continue to enhance this JV when returns and cash sources and uses make sense for us. So hopefully, we see more growth going forward there. 
Tom Toomey: Haendel, this is Toomey. What I'd add that probably hasn't been said enough, is in the interview process with finding a partner, it was finding someone that thinks about the business the way we do. And what we found was a very unique partner that looks at it and says, diversification operating acumen and ability to continue to grow these assets over time. So in targeting assets, you could see what we contributed but what we're also looking at is buying assets over a 15-year cycle, that have a couple of opportunities to redevelop continue to expand margin through our operations and innovation. And so, they're looking at it from that standpoint, and not just target a market and hope it rebounds, but who can actually drive cash flow growth over time and expand the investment because of their footprint. So, it comes in as a very good partner, who looks at the world a lot like we do. 
Haendel St. Juste: That's great color guys. I appreciate that. The other question, I had was on the insurance market, the headwinds you referenced. I know it's not a huge component of OpEx, but I was hoping you could talk a bit more specifically, about the level of installation, you're seeing there what you're expecting near term? And then, I guess how much are you self-insuring today versus historically? And if there's any cost savings for perhaps doing that, how do you balance that against potential catastrophic risk? Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Yes. Thanks, Haendel. So yes on the insurance program, so I'd say, number one, we are locked in through mid-December with the existing program. So I feel good about the kind of go-forward rest of year insurance money or forecast. The big driver of the number being down on year-to-date ,we did see about 20-plus percent premium increase last year. What we've seen though is that year-to-date claims have come off dramatically, part of that is because we came through 2021 and 2022 off a very inflated number of claims activity, as individuals simply happen to stay home more. We also put in place a lot of preventive maintenance and ROIs to help drive those claims down. So we feel pretty good about the number this year. I think going into next year's renewal no doubt, we're going to see continued pressure on the premium side. I wouldn't doubt to see a plus or minus 20% number, again. But I think by next call, we'll have a lot better sense for what that number is. We just got to do our best to either constrain that or continue to focus on claims through more ROI and preventative maintenance. On the self-insurance side that you mentioned, we've traditionally had a $4.5 million retention above and beyond our deductible that we have to eat through first. And then over time, we play with the different layers and evaluate what's our historical loss ratio relative to the premiums being charged. Last year, we took another $5 million of self-insurance risk and the primary $10 million from where we were at previously. And the thought process there was really I think the premium, we're going to be charged for that $5 million was something like $4 million for the year versus a loss ratio of maybe $2 million over the prior 10 years. So over the long-term, it should be a net positive for us. So each year, we'll look at which layers are potentially priced inefficiently, and see what decision we want to make. 
Haendel St. Juste: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Toomey for closing comments. 
Tom Toomey: Great. Thank you. Thank you for all your time, interest and support of UDR. Clearly, we have established ourselves as a full cycle investment that delivers above-average growth in total shareholder return across, a variety of macro environments. We remain enthusiastic about the apartment business and believe our operating, our capital allocation, our innovation advantages should deliver relative outperformance versus peers in 2023 and beyond. As a long-time veteran of this industry, what I'm struck by is actual results where I find that our number -- we're number two, in operating statistics from my viewpoint and look to be finishing that at the end of the year and number two, or three in cash flow growth. And so actual results is what matters in life on the most, I've always found and I think the team is very focused and enthused about those results, and we look forward to continuing to grow beyond those numbers. So with that, we look forward to seeing many of you in the upcoming events. And we'll hope you the best for the remaining balance of the summer. Take care. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the UDR First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Trent Trujillo. Please go ahead.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although, we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey. 
Tom Toomey : Thank you Trent, and welcome to UDR's first quarter 2023 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher; and Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy who will discuss our results. Senior officers Andrew Cantor and Chris van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. To begin, we started 2023 from a position of strength: steady demand from years of housing undersupply in the U.S. cycle-best relative affordability versus alternative housing options and embedded same-store revenue growth that was three times higher than our historical average. Year-to-date results demonstrate this strength. Let me highlight those. One, our first quarter same-store revenue growth of nearly 10% and same-store NOI growth of almost 12% led to year-over-year FFOA per share growth of 9%; two, early second quarter trends across traffic, blended rate growth and collections are in line with our expectations, reinforcing the confidence we have in our business and guidance; and three, our balance sheet is strong and we continue to adhere to capital market signals with our capital-light strategy. Our investment-grade balance sheet and nearly $1 billion of liquidity provide safety during the potential downturn and afford the opportunity to grow the company should our cost of capital improve. Looking ahead, there remains a wide variety of economic scenarios that could play out, but UDR has excelled across a variety of environments over our 50-year history. Our strategy is built around diversification, prudent capital allocation decisions and focusing on what we control to drive relative outperformance within the industry. These include; first, our leading operating platform continues to maximize the value of our communities and deliver a high level of resident satisfaction; second, innovation initiatives are again proving to be a differentiator versus peers and are a positive contributor to our growth profile in 2023 and beyond; and third, our diversified portfolio provides both safety and the ability to allocate capital across a variety of markets and investment opportunities that generate high risk-adjusted returns. Additionally, we benefit from favorable relative setups for the U.S. multifamily industry. Job and income growth have defied expectations and remain positive. Total housing supply is stable and the level of future development starts has started to decline. And relative affordability versus single-family housing is as favorable as it's been in nearly my 22-year tenure at UDR. Taken together, I remain very optimistic on the relative strength of the multifamily industry and UDR's advantages within the industry. We have a strong culture, a talented team, with a robust track record of performance and we continue to invest in our associates and additional technologies. We expect to improve our efficiency, expand our NOI margin and create value for all UDR shareholders and stakeholders. In closing, I thank my fellow associates for your commitment to excellence and innovation, which I'm confident should continue to drive attractive absolute and relative results. With that I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include: our first quarter same-store results, early second quarter 2023 trends and how they factor into our reaffirmed full year 2023 same-store growth outlook, and an update on our continued innovation and operating efficiencies. To begin, strong year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI growth of 9.6% and 11.7% in the first quarter were driven by: first, blended lease rate growth of 3.5% ,which was in line with our expectations and driven by above-average renewal rate growth of 7.4%; second, occupancy that held strong at 96.6% supported by healthy traffic; and third, rent collections continued to improve with March being our highest level of in-the-month collections since the beginning of COVID. During the quarter, we remain focused on enhancing our rent roll and recapturing apartment homes that were previously occupied by long-term delinquent residents. The short-term effect of our approach had three direct results: one, approximately 400 basis points of higher annualized turnover versus the prior year, although 39% annualized turnover is in line with our long-term first quarter average; two, increased repair and maintenance expenses; and three, higher levels of availability during a seasonally slow leasing period and therefore, a near-term drag on pricing. However, re-leasing these apartment homes to paying residents is beneficial to total revenue. Our efforts to date have reduced the number of long-term delinquent residents to approximately 300 or 50 basis points of total units, which is down from a peak of 750 and compares to our long-term average of 250. This in combination with better in-month collections helped to further reduce our bad debt reserve. Next, we continue to see favorable fundamental trends to start the second quarter. First, demand remains relatively healthy. Year-to-date job growth has been stronger than many had anticipated and traffic is roughly in line with the elevated levels we saw a year ago and well above the long-term average. Second, the financial health of our residents appear to be in good shape as wage inflation has largely kept pace with rent growth resulting in steady rent income levels in the low 20% range. In light of recent consumer spending habits and bank commentary, we continue to watch for signs of change but affordability remains strong as only 10% of our first quarter move-outs were due to rent increases, which is down from roughly 18% at its peak during the middle of 2022. Furthermore, we have yet to see material evidence of residents choosing to double-up. Third, relative affordability remains in our favor. Renting an apartment is approximately 50% less expensive than owning a home versus 35% less expensive pre-COVID. Only 5% of move-outs in the first quarter were due to home purchase, which is roughly 60% less than our historical average. And last, concessions remain minimal and average approximately half a week on new leases across our portfolio. The concessions we have been offering remain primarily concentrated in certain submarkets of San Francisco, Washington D.C. and our Sunbelt markets, with the latter a function of new supply being delivered to those areas. With this backdrop, second quarter blended lease rate growth is trending as expected and should average approximately 3%. New lease rate growth in April is approximately 50 basis points higher than March, though renewal rate has decelerated by 100 basis points. This convergence is in line with our expectations. Relating this to full year 2023 guidance to achieve the 6.75% midpoint of our year-over-year same-store revenue growth guidance, full year blended rate growth needs to approximate 2.5%. With first quarter blended rate growth of 3.5% we need to average only 2% blends for the duration of the year. We believe blends are anchored by renewal rate growth, which even during past downturns was at least 2% on trailing four-quarter average. In short, we remain confident in our ability to achieve the guidance we set in February. Turning to regional trends. On our last call, we anticipated that growth in our Sunbelt markets would continue to converge with the Coast and that Coast would have better growth results starting in mid-2023. That crossover occurred in the first quarter slightly ahead of our expectation. While traffic remains healthy across all of our markets, the level of new supply being delivered to certain Sunbelt markets has resulted in higher market level concessions and has led to a pause in the ability to push new lease rate growth. Conversely, results and momentum in New York and Boston which comprise roughly 18% of our same-store NOI have been stronger than expected. Minimal levels of new supply and robust traffic led to 97% occupancy and portfolio-leading blended lease rate growth of more than 6% on average for these two markets in the first quarter. These divergent situations reinforce the value of a diversified portfolio across markets and price points. We will continue to take a balanced approach between rate and occupancy to maximize revenue and NOI. Finally, we are progressing with our various innovation initiatives, which will add to our bottom line in 2023 and beyond. Our high-margin revenue-focused and tech-enabling building-wide WiFi project is expected to be rolled out across approximately one-third of our portfolio by year end and our entire portfolio by 2025. We are making inroads on various resident-specific initiatives as part of our customer experience project that will enhance satisfaction, reduce resident turnover and drive greater pricing power. And we have advanced the integration of big data to enhance our pricing system. Over the past decade our same-store growth results have benefited from approximately 50 basis point contribution from our unique initiatives. In this year, we expect the same. In closing, thanks to our teams for your passion in delivering best-in-class results to our residents and stakeholders. I'll now turn over the call to Joe. 
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our first quarter results, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity and the balance sheet and liquidity update. Our first quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.60 achieved the midpoint of our previously provided guidance range and was supported by strong year-over-year same-store NOI growth. The slight sequential decline was driven by higher average share count from the settlement of forward equity agreements at the end of the fourth quarter and higher interest expense partially offset by incremental NOI from recently completed development communities. Included in our first quarter results was a $3.7 million onetime expense benefit due to a refundable payroll tax credit related to the employee retention credit program which was previously contemplated in our original guidance expectations. Looking ahead, our second quarter FFOA per share guidance range is $0.60 to $0.62 or an approximately 7% year-over-year increase at the midpoint. The 2% sequential increase is driven by a combination of higher NOI from same-store, joint venture and recently developed communities. Year-to-date results are in line with our initial expectations and we have reaffirmed our full year 2023 same-store growth and FFOA per share guidance ranges. Next a transactions and capital markets update. First in alignment with our shift towards a capital-light strategy in mid-2022 we made no acquisitions no new DCP investments and no new development starts during the first quarter. Second, during the quarter we completed construction of a $145 million 300-apartment home community in Washington D.C. With this, our current development pipeline consists of just two communities totaling 415 homes at a budgeted cost of $188 million with 40% of this cost already incurred thereby limiting our forward funding commitments. And third, during the quarter, we achieved stabilization on two development communities, totaling 605 apartment homes for a cost of $142 million at a blended stabilized yield of approximately 7%. We also continued the successful lease-up at our three other recently completed development communities which have an expected weighted average stabilized yield in the high 5s. Finally our investment-grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first we have only $113 million of consolidated debt or approximately 0.5% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2024 after excluding amounts on our credit facilities and our commercial paper program. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best three-year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 3.25%. Second, we have nearly $1 billion of liquidity as of March 31. And third, our leverage metrics remain strong. Debt to enterprise value was just 29% at quarter end, while net debt to EBITDAre was 5.7 times down nearly a full turn from 6.4x a year ago and 0.5 turn better versus pre-COVID levels. We expect these metrics to improve further throughout 2023. In all, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape. Our liquidity position is strong. We remain selective in our capital deployment with balanced forward sources and uses and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to drive earnings accretion. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Eric Wolfe with Citi. Please go ahead.
Eric Wolfe: Thanks, good afternoon. We get a lot of questions from investors on sort of how supply is going to impact the Sunbelt later this year just that there's more sort of cumulative impact from all the supply delivering. I guess, as you look at your markets and project forward, do you see the Sunbelt diverging from the coastal markets later this year, or do you think things will just keep trending together?
Joe Fisher: Hey Eric, it's Joe. Maybe I'll kick it off and then kick it over to Mike to talk about some of the trends we're seeing down there. But we've talked about seeing a pretty decent increase in supply as it comes to the Sunbelt. I do think our portfolio is a little bit more insulated when you look at supply growth within our submarkets. We have a little bit more of a B quality and suburban price point down there so a little bit more insulation. But overall I think Sunbelt for us has seen about 3.5% of stock. And so while demand has held up relatively well in recent years depending on the macro outlook if that does start to fade a little bit you probably have a little bit more risk there as supply comes on. So Mike can probably give you a little bit more on what we're seeing down there.
Mike Lac: Yes. Thanks Joe. Eric specific to current trends I mentioned in my prepared remarks we are seeing concessions start to pick up a little bit in the Sunbelt. That being said we're not offering much there. Occupancy is still strong in that 96.5% range we expect that we'll be able to continue to push rents as traffic continues to increase on a month-over-month basis moving into the season.
Eric Wolfe: That's helpful. And then unrelated question but you're always thought of as being forward thinking on the technology front. And to that end I was just wondering if you'd consider using your platform to help manage the back office of other companies' portfolios like one of your peers announced recently. 
Joe Fisher: Eric, it's Joe. It's a good question a good thought. But I'd say when you look at our innovation we've talked a lot about the 60-plus initiatives that we have out there right now that we're focused on $40-plus million that we think will come in at a run rate here in the next couple of years. So for us I think staying focused on what we can control what's going to benefit the consolidated portfolio today and keep rolling out those initiatives I think we want to stay laser-focused on that for the time being. 
Eric Wolfe: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Next question comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Spector: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. Just taking a step back again, it's pretty amazing the quarter you've had. We've been talking about this recession coming for over a year now, and then just some of your comments on latest conditions and the health of the tenant. I guess from your seat on this recession, how are you thinking about this, just big picture? And is it possible that apartments or UDR's portfolio could be more resilient than what we've seen in the past during recessions? In particular, we're seeing a lot of white-collar job layoffs. 
Tom Toomey: Yes, Jeff, this is Toomey. With respect to a recession I mean I think they're all different shapes, forms and how you get out of them, are quite a puzzle to solve through history. But this one strikes me as a capital markets recession, brought on by policy, lending patterns, capital flows. And so that's kind of unusual. Usually, it's followed by a rapid employment outlook change. And we're just not seeing it. And you've seen the first three months of the year probably four, all have positive job growth which is a big driver of our business. So it feels like to us capital markets recession, not impacting the jobs that severely. And if it does, it's going to be localized and we'll adjust accordingly. But it doesn't feel like the normal type of recession that has a heavy employment-based downturn. 
Jeff Spector: Thanks, Tom. And then, if I can ask and I apologize if I missed this, did you discuss how April leasing rates are doing so far, what you're seeing in April in various markets? 
Mike Lacy : Jeff, let me take that. And I think it's important to just give you a few other points, as we think about April. And I want to reiterate, we're on track with our initial guidance. The year is playing out as we expected as a whole. And again, we've said this before guidance assumed 2.5% blends for the year. With our 3.5% in the first quarter, we only need that 2% for the remainder of the year, so just to kind of put that in perspective. As far as regions go, East Coast is still doing extremely well. We're seeing occupancy in that 97% range, blends in the 6% range in both New York and Boston. And then the West Coast, right now is basically in line with our expectations, so we feel pretty good about the West Coast. Right now, Sunbelt is a little bit weaker than we would have expected. Still seeing pretty strong blends coming out of that part of the country, but that's a little bit off from what we originally had for our plan for the year. As far as April goes though, it looks a lot like 1Q. Our blends are in that 3.5% range. We're seeing new lease growth continue to increase month-over-month. Our occupancy is in that 96.6% range, which is comparable to what we had in 1Q. Traffic is picking up based on seasonality, kind of where we expected. And we're sitting right now, with less long-term delinquents than we've had in a very long time. So, we feel pretty good about where our occupancy is today going into the season. 
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Austin Wurschmidt: Yes. I was just curious Mike, which markets saw the biggest moves in month-over-month improvement on new lease pricing April versus March? And then specifically on New York, I mean how long do you think the momentum you saw -- how long do you think the momentum could continue I guess versus, how it performed in the first quarter? 
Mike Lacy : Sure. Thanks for the question, Austin. Still seeing the most growth on the East Coast. And to your point New York, it's coming down a little bit from those highs of 18% 20% blends, but we're still seeing 6% to 8% today. So still strong probably the strongest month-over-month today, followed by -- I would tell you, Boston feels good as well as DC starting to pick up. And then the others are pretty much in line, with where we were in March. New York, specifically, I think they still have a little runway. We're still seeing a lot of traffic come to that market. No concessions to speak of, and with occupancy where it is today close to 98% we feel pretty good about continuing to push. 
Austin Wurschmidt: That's very helpful color. And then as it relates to potential joint venture, I guess what's the latest update around the interest from potential partners and timing of announcements? I guess has there been any change in sort of your initial expectation on pricing as it relates to just contributing those assets?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Austin, it's Joe. Yes, first off, I would say, obviously, we've got a great partner in MetLife. It's been a very good long-term partner that we continue to work well with, so no change on that front. Strategically, as we think about joint venture capital, I think we've talked about it in the past on these calls and with investors. I think we've proven out over the last couple of years that we have a value creation mechanism in terms of the operational platform and its ability to add excess NOI margin to new acquisitions. And so, we've proven that out utilizing our own equity, when that's available and priced right. But being a public company, we don't always have that capability. And so, a joint venture would allow us the opportunity to be in the market throughout the cycle to be able to utilize dry powder sourced through a JV through a seed capital, which would come at fairly efficient pricing and be able to go out there and transact in this market and then go lift NOI and cash flow growth. So, it does a number of things for us. You get the cash flow growth on the assets. You, obviously, get fee streams that enhance the incremental ROE on each dollar that we deploy. You're getting scale along the way, as long as we continue to buy that deal next door and keep helping both the consolidated and JV portfolio. So, overall, still strategically have a desire to do that. We continue to advance discussions on that. No update at this time. But on the pricing front, I think, pricing today plus or minus 5% cap rates is kind of where the market has settled in. So I would hope to, if we do have something, be able to source capital at that level.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Next question Tony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please, go ahead.
Tony Paolone: Yes. Thanks. So just following up on that, because I think you just mentioned cap rates maybe in the 5s. I think last quarter you said maybe the bid/ask was something in the high 4s to mid-5s. And so, just wondering if you can talk a bit more about just what you're seeing out there in the transaction market and what your crystal ball looks like on how that evolves over the balance of the year.
Andrew Cantor: Hey, Tony, it's Andrew. How you’re doing? I'll take that one. In general, as Joe said, we remain focused on a capital-light strategy at this point. We are having a lot of conversations and staying connected to the market, underwriting a number of deals. I think, pricing is definitely more in that 5% to 5.25% range today. With us focusing on platform and the deal next door, if and when we get back in the market, will be our focus and be able to utilize the benefits of our platform that have been discussed where we can add value from acquiring from other owners and operators and to layer on Mike's team and the platform that we've created.
Tony Paolone: Okay. Nice. And then, just second one on the DCP book, I guess, somewhat related to allocating capital. I mean, what's the comfort level and desire to kind of keep it at this level versus either seeing more opportunities out there to do more, or even get paid back on what you have?
Joe Fisher: Yes, it's a good question. I guess, as with everything within kind of our diversified platform, it's all things in moderation. So as a percentage of enterprise, we're about 2% of enterprise value within the DCP book. We've talked about a willingness to take that a little bit higher from kind of that $0.5 billion type of number. We have had actually JV discussions around that as well. We think that's an area that could be an opportunity for us to source alternative forms of capital and help expand that book and the ROE on those investments, but also not increase our exposure too materially. So it's an area that we're looking at today. I would say that the book of business available or the pipeline has come off quite a bit. You've seen a lot with, obviously, the regional banks pulling back on overall construction lending. You've seen it become more difficult to line up equity partners for new developments. And so, our DCP book being a byproduct of that has pulled back. And so, little bit less of a pipeline today which for DCP deployment not necessarily a near-term positive, but I think for overall fundamentals and the $1.6 billion of revenue we have, clearly a positive when you start thinking about a smaller supply pipeline going into the second half of 2024 and into 2025, so -- 
Tony Paolone: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jamie Feldman with Wells Fargo. Please, go ahead.
Jamie Feldman: Great. Thank you. Can you talk more about what you're seeing in terms of urban versus suburban performance and the A versus B assets across the different markets?
Mike Lacy: Sure. Specific to the Bs, we actually have seen a little bit more outperformance. So I would say thinking about blends, probably 70 to 100 basis points more on the Bs today than the As. Occupancy has been relatively stable around that 96.5% to 96.7% both A and B, so not a big difference there. So I'd say right now the price point on Bs is a little bit stronger and that's kind of what we expected for the year.
Jamie Feldman: And then what about like your urban assets versus your suburban assets?
Mike Lacy: Urban's still doing a little bit better and I would point specifically to places like Boston, D.C. for us today as well as SoMa in San Francisco. Those parts of those markets are doing a little bit better than some of the things on the outskirts. It's not materially different, but urban is a little bit stronger. We do expect that some of the suburban starts to bounce back midyear this year and probably converge to some degree.
Jamie Feldman: Okay. Thank you. And then for my second question, what would you say is the key downside risk in terms of your same-store expense guidance whether it's taxes insurance R&M? And where do you feel like you have the least visibility right now?
Mike Lacy: We feel pretty good in terms of taxes and insurance today. I would tell you more on the controllable front just with what we've seen with turnover you have a little bit of pressure on R&M. That being said, I think we've done a really good job with putting in place our technology around maintenance. We just rolled that out about three weeks ago across the entire portfolio. So we think we've got some things that can help mitigate expenses going forward there. We are starting to roll out more of those unmanned properties, as we move into the season here so that will help mitigate on personnel expense. And A&M costs, typically go with turnover, so if you have more evictions skips things of that nature you could have more attorney fees. But it's minimal. So I'd tell you right now turnover to some degree but we do believe we have it mitigated.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. And just to follow-up on that Jamie a couple of comments. We've been asked a few times about kind of cadence of expenses. And so if you go back to 2022, first half of the year was about 4% growth, second half 7%. So we're actually coming up on easier comps when we go into the second half of the year. A lot of that was driven by one, it was very difficult to place personnel in the first half of 2022 given the labor environment so we had a lot more open positions that we're comping against here in the first part of the year. In response to that we did do a lot of midyear raises throughout the portfolio and so we'll be anniversarying against that by the time we get to the second half. Mike mentioned the turnover piece and we started to have more success with long-term delinquents in the second half of the year last year as well as definitely here in the first quarter and I think second quarter so we'll start to see hopefully that mitigate to some degree. And then Mike mentioned the real estate tax insurance piece. Real estate taxes today we generally know about 70% of that number for the year at this point, so don't expect a lot of volatility there. And on the insurance side we do our renewal in mid-December. So premiums are relatively locked in here for most of the rest of the year at kind of a 20-plus percent number. The claims can be volatile. Claims making up about 50% of the insurance number. And so that's why you see insurance in first quarter actually being down on a year-over-year basis. Premiums were up but claims were down 30-plus percent as 2021 and '22 were both running at pretty significantly elevated levels relative to history. So we're starting to see that come back to a more normal run rate.
Jamie Feldman: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you very much. Thanks guys.
Joe Fisher: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: Next question Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Adam Kramer: Hey, guys. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to ask about capital allocation recognizing kind of the capital-light strategy or the shift you mentioned earlier I think you guys have been really -- have a really good chart in your deck and have shown a really kind of ability over time to kind of issue equity when you're trading above NAV and kind of sell assets to buy back shares when at a discount. Wondering how you're thinking about the buyback in that context. I think buyback was not mentioned in the supplemental. Just wondering how you're thinking about buyback kind of in current environment and at current levels.
Joe Fisher: Yes. So clearly, we've been active in the past on buybacks. We did some in the second half of last year. We've done some in the previous years when we get to discount. So I'd say last year was a relatively easier decision given that we had previously issued equity on a forward basis in the first half of 2022 up in the high-50s. And so you had an identified source of capital at a very compelling price i.e. roughly a 4% cap and we're able to buy back stock in the high 5s. If you fast forward to where we're at today, we are in a capital-light strategy. Sources and uses are relatively balanced with a relatively light forward development and debt commitments in terms of maturities. So I feel good on sources and uses. I think we do need to figure out where we would find and where we would price that additional source today if we did want to do a buyback. We talked earlier on the call about exploring joint venture capital. That could potentially create some dry powder for us to deploy and do both operating assets, DCP and potentially buyback. So that would be part of that discussion if and when we ultimately source some capital there. But right now sticking to the capital-light strategy it's something that we'll consider but nothing there in the first quarter. 
Adam Kramer: Great. That's super helpful. And just maybe switching gears thinking about affordability. Maybe just talk a little bit about that. I know you guys have had some really good numbers in your slide deck historically. Maybe just whether it's the latest moving data affordability there, and maybe even tech tenants or tech employed tenant exposure is there any numbers around that you're able to quantify? I think that would be helpful as well.
Mike Lacy: Yeah, I'll start and Joe you can clean me up here. But from what we're seeing one thing I would point to is just on the affordability aspect, people aren't moving out to buy homes. We are seeing right around 5% moving out to do so. That typically runs around 12%, so we're just not seeing much on that front. In terms of people leaving because of rent increases that is around 10% today, significantly down from mid last year when we were around 18%. And so we're starting to see that come down to some degree as well. Not seeing people double-up. We always talk about how many people are in our units, still right around 1.8 and we're not seeing people transfer down to smaller units. So right now it feels pretty good. Joe, anything you'd add to that?
Joe Fisher: No.
Adam Kramer: Great. Thank you guys.
Operator: Next question, Chandni Luthra with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Chandni Luthra: Hi. Good morning, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. You gave us some thoughts on the Sunbelt. You talked about the East Coast. Could you perhaps throw some color on the West Coast particularly markets like San Fran and Seattle? What are you seeing in these markets from a pricing standpoint and then from a concession standpoint? Like did things get worse in the last two months? Thanks.
Mike Lacy: It's a good question. I've received a few of those lately. I'd tell you again the West Coast feels pretty much in line with what we expected. And I'll break it down a little bit for you starting with the Pacific Northwest. Seattle for us we're not really utilizing any concessions. That being said market rents have been a little bit weaker than we expected going into the year. Market rents are starting to pick up as of late. And our occupancy is still in that 96.5% range. So Seattle feels good. I think specific to some of our submarkets, Everett, Kirkland places like that, we saw around 10% 11% growth. So we're seeing a little bit more strength out in the suburbs. Bellevue today still relatively strong, no concessions about 5% to 6% growth. So that's the landscape of Seattle. In terms of San Francisco, SoMa is still doing really well for us. We saw almost 14% growth during the quarter and we're still seeing about a two-week concession. That seems pretty average. We've had two weeks for about 18 months now and it's just kind of par for the course if you will. When you start to go down the peninsula, not really offering concessions today. Occupancy is in that 96%, 97% range. And we're still seeing pretty decent blends. So traffic is starting to pick up in San Francisco. Down along the SoCal if you will LA has been very strong for us. This is a 3.5% NOI market, so relatively small and our exposure is mainly limited to Marina del Rey. We've had a lot of success there. Occupancy is in that 97% range, no concessions to speak of and market rents continue to move up. So I feel pretty good about LA. And then Orange County's been just steady as it goes, occupancy 96% to 97%, no concessions. Market rents continue to improve as we move into the seasonal part of the year. So right now SoCal feels pretty good for us.
Chandni Luthra: Great. And as a follow-up, could you discuss how the impact of eviction moratoriums ending in LA has played out for you? Like what portion of delinquent tenants paid back all their past dues in full? What portion just decided to give back keys and leave? What's the ultimate upside? And how do you think about any near-term headwind to vacancy from this dynamic?
Christopher Van Ens: Hey, Chandni, it's Chris. I can help you out with that. So when the county eviction moratorium went away at the end of March, we had about 70 long-term delinquents in the portfolio. Once again as Mike said, it's a pretty small market, it was 3.5% of NOI. But of those 70 about 40 came in and paid us right away as far as April rents. So they still have a balance that's due but they paid us April rent. Probably two to three people came in paid April rent and paid off their entire balance. The remainder of, them are either under eviction sued -- served a payer quit notice something like that. So we're working through that process right now.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. And just maybe some higher-level comments, as it relates to the rest of the portfolio. Just a reminder overall we guided to mid-98% collected for 2023 which is pretty consistent with where we're at in 2022. I'd say we're seeing minimal variability at this point in time to that number. So don't see any downside really don't see a lot of upside. Overtime, we can probably get back to maybe a 99% collected for the portfolio. But going back to the mid-99s, where we used to run is going to be exceedingly difficult just given eviction diversion programs in a lot of our portfolio. So somewhere in the mid-98s is where we're at. We did have a little bit higher write-offs than expected in the first quarter as we've had really good success getting some of those long-term delinquents out of the portfolio. We thought that would have taken a little bit longer throughout this year. And so while it was a little bit of a drag on both sequential and year-over-year revenue growth, we do think it's a tailwind as we go through the rest of this year on both sequential and year-over-year as we keep moving throughout the year on that front. So, overall feeling really good, I mean, when you look at collections in the month as well as in April, March and April are running much higher than they were in 2022 in terms of in-the-month collections. And so between collections getting better, getting new residents in and also as we have some of these Eviction Moratoriums having come off and converting formerly non-paying residents back to paying. We feel really good about where we're tracking in terms of guidance and the bad debt number.
Chandni Luthra: Thank you to both.
Operator: Next question Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: All right. Thanks for the time. Just on the investment side, notwithstanding, your capital-light strategy today and maybe the cost of capital not where you want it exactly but, curious what markets would look the best. With your kind of forward-thinking data analytic approach sometimes it's a bit contrarian. Just curious, as you look out a couple of years where you see the best opportunities across your opportunity set.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey Juan, it's Joe. I mean, I guess, number one the area that we always have the most conviction is the transaction down the street. So if we can find another property nearby, no matter what market there's, so much efficiencies to gain out of that and additional scale to gain out of that. So we're never going to redline certain markets. We'll always be looking for deal next door. Beyond that if we did have a source of capital that was compelling today. There's, markets in every region that look good. If you go down into the Sunbelt, I'd say, Dallas looks more compelling to us. Even Nashville, even though it has headwinds today from a longer-term perspective you're seeing permit activity come off really dramatically in Nashville at this point in time. So there's, a couple of Sunbelt markets that we like. Out East-Philly's really been on a tear here recently in terms of market rent growth and continues to screen well for us as does D.C. and Boston from a longer-term perspective. And then out West, you look at maybe suburban San Diego. There's interest in Northern California, actually screens well from a quant perspective but you really got to pick and choose your points given the regulatory environment there and certain municipalities. And so that one is a little bit more challenging on the regulatory front. But I think overall there's, a lot of areas that we can pick and choose from. That's one of the benefits of being diversified. So if we do have a cost of capital or source of capital that's compelling that's kind of where we'll look.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks for that. And then just on renewals you mentioned kind of the spread blew out between the new and the renewal spreads over the quarter. Just curious on, how we should think about that for the balance of 2023 maybe just how you're thinking about that in your own budget and where the May and June renewals have gone out at present.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. Great questions what we're sending out today basically through June at this point is in that 5.5% to 6% range. We expect it to stabilize in that range probably over the next few months maybe come down in that 5% to 6% going forward. And then new lease growth – excuse me, continues to move up on a month-over-month basis. So obviously that spread will continue to compress. 
Juan Sanabria: Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Goldsmith: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Mike in your opening remarks you described traffic is in line with last year but also commented the demand is relatively healthy. So does that imply that conversion is lower or something else is weighing on demand despite similar traffic? 
Mike Lacy: That's a good catch. We have seen some of those conversion numbers come down a little bit just with some of the affordability that's down in the Sunbelt. So more cancels and denials. And it's really a product of people searching the market getting an understanding of what's there for new supply what concessions are being offered. So at times we do have more people canceling. But we're still netting out where we need to be. And obviously with our occupancy in that 96.5% to 96.7% range, we're still holding where we need to be. So feel pretty good about it.
Michael Goldsmith: Got it. And then Tom in your opening remarks you talked about that the geographic diversity of your portfolio allow you to allocate capital in the markets that are most advantageous. You've kind of shifted to this balance sheet-light strategy where your active development pipeline includes Dallas and Tampa. So should we interpret that as these are the markets where you see the most opportunity? Thanks.
Tom Toomey: Yes, I'll kick it back to Joe. I think Joe highlighted it very earlier in the Q&A with respect to we're always going to look for the deal next door where we can achieve the high level of efficiency and in some cases as Mike has done actually operate assets with no one on site. So whether that's Tampa, Dallas. I think then we go to Chris and his analytics of where we think rents are trending with respect to the next four and 10 years and that's our targeting aspect of it. The good news as Joe also mentioned was we're in 21 markets today, so that gives us a broad range of looking at where we can accretively deploy capital at any given time. And capital-light strategy is a reflection of where we currently trade with respect to our stock price and where we think assets would trade. So when that's not there we turn to our other value creation mechanisms. And you've seen us highlight those over the years from either operations, innovation to DCP to redevelopment, which is probably gaining more steam in our mind these days as we see stabilization and growth prospects in these markets return or accelerate in some cases.
Michael Goldsmith: Thank you very much
Operator: Next question Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Dan Tricarico: This is Dan Tricarico with Nick. First question Mike you may have said new lease rates in the Sunbelt have been a bit weaker than expected. So I'm curious if you could expect a relative softness there in relation to how you view the occupancy rent trade-offs entering like the peak season. 
Mike Lacy: Yes Dan. Again, we're still seeing healthy growth in the Sunbelt. It's just a little bit off from our original expectations. And we have seen market rents start to move up over the last three or four weeks there. So on a month-over-month basis it continues to improve. It's just a little bit off from again, what we said originally going into the year. 
Dan Tricarico: Sure. Okay. And then I guess switching to the other Coast. So in your Northern California and Seattle portfolios, do you have a sense of what percentage of your tenants are employed by tech or big tech companies? And have you seen any increase in move-outs quoting job loss as the reason, or do you think there's been sufficient rehiring to mitigate that given the job market strength that you quoted? 
Mike Lacy: Yes. No, we watch that very closely and we're still right around 13% to 15% exposure in both San Francisco and Seattle as a whole. We haven't seen a lot of people come in and drop off keys because of job-related events. And we continue to see in-migration in those areas. So again, it's not a lot of our exposure today and not seeing a lot of issues if you will. 
Joe Fisher: Hey, Dan, it's Joe, maybe a couple of things to add to that too. Just I know those two markets get a lot of focus given some of the headlines around the tech layoffs. But a number of individuals that are on this call have done some pretty extensive analysis on the warrant notices. We do our own analysis as well on that. And typically you see maybe about 20% of those notices actually reside within California and Washington for those tech layoffs. So it is pretty well dispersed around the country. I think when you look at our blended lease rate activity in those two markets both of those markets actually saw acceleration from 4Q into 1Q. So I think it gives you a sense that the layoffs are pretty diversified. Supply is actually coming down in Northern California. And from what we're seeing on the ground, we're actually seeing pretty good traction.
Dan Tricarico: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question, Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good morning. I had a question around I think the April lease spreads again, which I think you mentioned a few times. So in the first quarter you had blended spreads of 3.5%. And I believe in the prepared remarks you talked about 2Q being closer to 3%. But in a Q&A question, I believe you said 3.5% for April. So I wanted to make sure all those numbers were correct and maybe kind of tie them up.
Mike Lacy: Sure. The 2Q, when we've referenced 3% that is anchored towards our initial guidance. So, it's still early in the quarter. Again, April looks a lot like 1Q. It all will hinge on what's going on with new lease growth. So again, if we're sending out 5.5% to 6% renewals through the remainder of 2Q, expect to see a little bit of improvement in new growth going into May and then we'll have to see what June has to offer. But today things are trending slightly better than that.
Anthony Powell: Got it. Thank you. And maybe on the affordability, I think you've mentioned a few times that people aren't moving out to buy homes. It's more affordable to rent now and that fewer of your tenants are reporting affordability as an issue. That suggests that there's actually more pricing power than you're taking advantage of. So I'm curious if you agree with that. And maybe what's preventing you for pushing more on rent given kind of these favorable trends you talked about? 
Mike Lacy: I think that's where you see the spread between renewals and new leases. We are taking advantage of it today and we have been probably in the last 18 months or so. Typically we're sending out renewals about $100 to $130 over market. And so that's why you have basically a 5% spread between new lease and renewals today. So we feel like we're aggressively pricing that but also trying to keep in mind retention is a key factor for us and obviously helps drive new lease growth as well.
Anthony Powell: Fine. Thank you.
Operator: The next question, Alan Peterson with Green Street. Please go ahead.
Alan Peterson: Thanks. Mike, in terms of your proactiveness in using concessions in San Francisco, can you share what other markets you're needing to be proactive in using concessions? And are you expecting to use concessions over the balance of the year to maintain this mid-96% occupancy level?
Mike Lacy: Yes Alan. What I would tell you, it's been kind of more of the same. Similar again, in April we're seeing similar trends. We're still offering concessions in those pockets. It's in San Francisco, parts of D.C., and it's extremely minimal in cases down in the Sunbelt. Right now what I would tell you April, again, looks very similar. I don't expect that we're going to go up more than call it a week per new lease and going forward into the season. Demand is still strong. We still have plenty of visits coming to the property. We're going to continue to balance that. I don't expect concessions to be much of a drag on us.
Alan Peterson: Appreciate that. And then maybe just shifting over to the DCP portfolio. For the deals that are maturing within the next 12 to 18 months, are you guys seeing any weakness on lease-up, or are your development partners concerned about refinancing the more senior portion of those debt and construction loans?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey Alan, just I'll give some context on that. I mean I think you're right to focus on the near term. We get questions on this leading up of the call as well as last night kind of trying to understand if there's any stress in the system. I'd say number one as mentioned earlier it's only 2% of enterprise value. And when you look on Attachment 11b, clearly fairly well diversified, not just by market but also maturity schedule. And so, we've got a couple of questions on capital stack, so I'll kind of address that here as a part of your question. If you look at the overall capital stack for our DCP book, and I'm going to kick out the portfolio recap deal as well as the Portland deals, which we're also operating recaps, so a little bit different risk profile so just looking at more of the development deals. We've got about a $1.6 billion cost for that development portfolio. There's about $950 million of senior loan, so call it, 60% loan to cost. Our commitment was about $350 million on those deals so 60% to 80% and then you had about $300 million of equity behind us. So a pretty good amount of equity sitting behind us on all those transactions. When you focus on these upcoming maturities, you got one in Philly Santa Monica and Oakland. Those are about $360 million of total cost. When you look at the capital stack within those you've got a senior loan that's about $215 million. You've got commitment from UDR for the portion of about $90 million, and we had about $55 million of equity originally behind us on those. Now we've continued to accrue up our interest income. So our basis today on an accrual basis is a little bit higher than that initial but still pretty sufficient equity behind us. So at this point in time, yeah, we haven't taken any impairment's on those. We are of course starting to have the discussions with our equity partners as well as lenders trying to think through what their plan is in terms of do they want to restructure, do they want to exit through a sale do they simply want to extend with the senior and see what happens on a go-forward basis. So, no stress to speak of right now, but not to say it won't develop over time depend on where refi rates are and fundamentals.
Alan Peterson: Thanks for all those comments, Joe. Super helpful.
Joe Fisher: Thanks, Alan.
Operator: Next question Flora Tong with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Flora Tong: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I guess the acquisition volume remains unchanged at zero. And I wonder, if you're seeing more distressed opportunities coming into the market. And separately, are you seeing a big slowdown in new starts or planned starts from maybe some of the competitors and the merchant builders? Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Flora. So yeah I guess to kind of bifurcate distressed comment into two different buckets so there's -- is there a distressed pricing and/or are there distressed equity partners. On the former, I would say no. If you're a seller and you're willing to meet the market at that plus or minus 5% cap rate range we don't think of that as distressed. You're not going to be able to buy a 6% cap in a 5% cap environment. So, if you're a seller that's willing to meet the market in multifamily where you have pretty substantial capital flows it's a preferred asset class. And of course we have the benefits of the GSEs, which are still lending kind of in that high 4% range. We don't think you see distressed pricing. Now, you could of course see equity deals on merchants that maybe got upside down got too far out over their skis in terms of underwriting or how they financed, but that doesn't necessarily lead to distressed pricing. So I don't think that's going to necessarily occur. In terms of the forward pipeline and what's taking place in supply, yes, you're starting to see it in some of the numbers with some of the starts and permit activity for multifamily coming off call it 5% to 10% from peak levels in 2022. I think when you look at broader kind of total housing supply clearly the single-family space haven't come off 30-plus percent and therefore total housing supply coming off about 20%. You are starting to see the impact of that. It's probably not going to flow through until you get into second half of 2024 and then 2025. So it's ways out there. I mentioned earlier within our DCP pipeline just what we're seeing in terms of new deals it's off dramatically which tells you because of what's going on in the regional bank space what's going on with ability to raise equity you're going to start seeing way fewer starts on a go-forward basis. So we do think that's going to be a future tailwind. 
Tom Toomey : Flora, this is Toomey. Just one thing to add to your calculus when you're thinking about this the multifamily industry enjoys the benefit and partnership with the GSEs provide a stable capital flow that helps the transaction market continue to flow the refi market continue to flow. And so there's not this historical just everything's got to be sold and there's no capital so it's vulture time if you will that occurs in the multifamily industry as long as we have the GSE. So it's a unique animal for us and very beneficial through periods like this as I mentioned earlier capital markets recession.
Flora Tong: Thanks. That's really helpful. And maybe shifting to the technology I know UDR has been fairly active on the innovation front. Have you seen any opportunity associated with artificial intelligence such as ChatGPT or other language model that can help UDR create further technology efficiencies going forward? 
Joe Fisher : We have seen that. We've actually rolled out AI chat text and call across the portfolio over the last 12 months. And so that's already being utilized throughout our portfolio. There are going to be additional opportunities that we think going forward. We've already started to kind of sketching those out in terms of how do you provide the customer kind of individualized responses, how to give them more automated responses but feel like they are addressing their specific questions they understand their specific history, what their issues could be. So there's definitely going to be an opportunity for that in terms of the customer experience and providing them a better customer experience but also from a cost perspective, how to bring our cost structure down. So we are looking at it I think it's pretty early days other than what we've done on the AI chat side. 
Tom Toomey: And Flora just one data point Toomey again. With respect to the AI chat piece, surprisingly enough it closes better than we thought it would. It's about a 10% higher closing rate on our sales than we've seen through a natural call center-type template. So customers are embracing it so it must be working. 
Flora Tong: Great. Thanks. That’s all from me.
Operator: Next question Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Hi. Thank you. Good morning So just really quick two quickies. First, Joe on the insurance front is there opportunity for you guys to increase the amount that you self-insure to try and mitigate some of the large premium increases or some of the carriers or reinsurers pulling back? 
Joe Fisher: Yes, Alex good question. That's actually an analysis we go through every single year looking at every single layer, how the layers are being filled in and how pricing is relative to loss history. And so each year we go through that analysis. So when it comes up for renewal again in December, we'll go through that same analysis. I think with capacity having pulled back in the space and despite premiums going higher it really hasn't returned. Some of the profit margins that these insurers are taking are pretty substantial relative to loss history. So it's one of the advantages of obviously being a pretty large diversified company that's well capitalized relative to being a private operator that may not have that capability and has to just take on that premium increase. So it's something we'll be looking at. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second question just quickly, you guys mentioned the Sunbelt being weaker, but you also mentioned that your B portfolio isn't really being impacted by the supply. So just sort of curious if that was sort of a relative because East Coast is performing better than you thought maybe you expected better out of Sunbelt or if you're just saying more Sunbelt broadly but not really about your assets in particular? 
Mike Lacy: Alex, I think it does go back to East Coast just doing better in general. And where we are seeing pockets of weakness it's more in those urban settings in the Sunbelt because that's where the supply is coming from. So that's why the Bs are outperforming a little bit more down there than we would have expected going into the year. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Awesome. Thank you.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Alex.
Operator: Next question Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Tayo Okusanya: Yes. Good afternoon. Actually my questions have been answered. I just couldn't figure out how to get off the queue. Thanks.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tayo.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the floor over to Tom Toomey for closing remarks. 
Tom Toomey: This is Tom again and thank you all for your time interest and support of UDR. We've established ourselves as a full cycle investment that delivers above-average growth and total shareholder return across a variety of macro environments. We remain very enthusiastic about the apartment business and believe our operating capital allocation and innovation advantages should deliver relative outperformance versus peers in 2023 and beyond. . And with that we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT conference in June as well as upcoming individual events. With that take care. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-07 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the UDR, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Trent Trujillo, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Trent. You may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR’s quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurances that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR’s Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Trent and welcome to UDR’s fourth quarter 2022 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher and Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacey, who will discuss our results. Senior officers Andrew Cantor and Chris Van Ens, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. To begin, 2022 was an exceptional year for UDR. First, our same-store revenue growth was near the top of the sector and we achieved record high full year same-store NOI growth of 14% and FFOA per share growth of 16%. Second, we further advanced our already industry leading operating platform by investing in our people, which included establishing a 16-person task force to generate and execute innovation initiatives. Additionally, we engaged in various PropTech and ClimateTech investments. Together, these resources should further expand our peer-leading operating margin into the future. Third, we adhered to the capital market signals, growing opportunistically when our equity was attractively priced early in the year and actively pivoting to a capital-light strategy when our cost of capital increased. Being a good steward of your capital is paramount. Fourth, while we had next to zero debt maturities in 2022, we continue to reduce leverage, strengthen our balance sheet and enhance our liquidity. And last, we were honored to be recognized by a variety of organizations for our ongoing commitment to our associates, stakeholders and the environment. These include UDR earned a 5-star ESG designation from GRESB, the highest rating possible. Company was named by Newsweek as one of America’s most responsible companies for the second year in a row and institutional investors recognize our ESG program, our board, IRR team and numerous executives being top three in the respective categories among all U.S. REITs. In short, we have the right strategy and leadership in place to continue to propel UDR forward. Looking ahead to 2023, we are very aware of the wide range of economic scenarios that are forecasted to play out, but we build our strategy around diversification and the ability to perform in any environment. This is well demonstrated by our history of cash flow growth and TSR outperformance, specifically an 11% TSR compounded annual growth rate over my 22 years at UDR. The constant over this time is our focus on what we can control and how that sets up for relative long-term outperformance? This includes: first, the strong relative setup of U.S. multifamily industry. Housing is a needs-based business, supply is stable, demand and traffic remain healthy, job growth has remained positive, rent to income levels are steady, and relative affordability versus single-family ownership and rentership remain near all-time highs, while the cost of capital across the industry continues to improve. Second, the favorable setup for UDR within the industry. We entered 2023 with approximately 5% earnings, the second highest amongst our peers and the highest in UDR’s history. Innovation initiatives and prudent capital allocation should enhance this growth through margin yield expansion. Furthermore, our balance sheet remains highly liquid with $1 billion of capacity and we have no debt maturing until 2024. And finally, we increased our dividend by a robust 10.5% this year, enhancing our already strong return profile. Taken together, we feel confident that we will effectively manage whatever macro environment we face and continue to produce strong absolute and relative results. In closing, I am very optimistic on the relative strength of the multifamily industry and UDR’s relative advantages within the industry. We have a strong talented, experienced and innovative team, with a track record of strong relative performance. The key that unlocks our potential is our drive to continue to listen to our associates, our customers and stakeholders, which enables us to determine where we excel, where we can improve and how we can better innovate for the future. To my fellow associates, thank you for all you did during 2022 again to make UDR a successful year and I look forward to what will come in 2023. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include our fourth quarter same-store results, early 2023 trends, our full year 2023 same-store growth outlook, including factors that could drive results to either end of our guidance range and an update on our continued innovation and operating efficiencies. To begin, strong sequential same-store revenue growth of 2% drove year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI growth of 12.1% and 14.5% in the fourth quarter. Results were driven by: first, robust blended lease rate growth of 5.4% was well above historical norms for what is usually our slowest leasing period of the year. This growth locked in our approximate 5% 2023 earn-in, the highest level in our history by more than 200 basis points. Second, sustained strong occupancy of 96.8% exhibited our ability to efficiently convert traffic into signed leases. Third, we remain focused on enhancing our rent roll, which resulted in higher turnover than expected from twice the usual volume of resident skips and evictions. And fourth, collection rates held steady. The number of long-term delinquent residents across our portfolio continues to trend closer to our historical average, with approximately 400 residents today or less than 1% of total units. This is down from over 700 delinquent residents earlier in 2022, helping to reduce our bad debt reserve. Next, early 2023 results and trends. In my experience, there are four primary indicators that help inform us of the strength of the operating environment. These include leasing traffic, concessions, absolute affordability and relative affordability. Thus far in 2023, we continue to see favorable trends. First, demand remains relatively healthy. Traffic is roughly in line with the elevated levels we saw a year ago and well above the long-term average, but prospective residents are taking longer to make their rental decisions. Second, concessions remain minimal and have been primarily concentrated in certain submarkets of San Francisco and Washington, D.C., averaging around 2 to 3 weeks. Recently, concessions of 1 week on average have appeared in Austin, Dallas and Denver. Third, our residents’ balance sheet appear to be holding up, portfolio-wide wage growth has largely kept pace with rent growth since COVID began, resulting in steady rent to income levels in the low 20% range. To-date, we have seen scan evidence of residents doubling up. In fact, 42% of our households are single occupants, up slightly compared to pre-COVID levels. And last, relative affordability remains in our favor. Renting an apartment is approximately 50% less expensive than owning a home versus 35% less expensive pre-COVID. Only 8% of move-outs in the fourth quarter were due to home purchase, roughly 30% less than typical. With this backdrop, blended rate growth for the first quarter is expected to average between 3% and 4%, similar to historical norms and driven by renewal rate growth of 7% to 7.5%. New lease growth of negative 70 basis points in January was slightly below the pre-COVID average, but it is positive in February and we expect further improvement as we enter peak leasing season. Turning to full year 2023, our same-store revenue and NOI growth guidance is 6.75% and 7.5% respectively at the midpoints. We are also forecasting expense growth of 4.75% at the midpoint, with real estate taxes and insurance, the largest pressure points. Underlying the midpoint of our guidance range is a 2023 blended rate growth forecast of approximately 2% to 3%. We triangulated into this estimate using third-party forecast, input from our field teams and the output from a multifactor rent growth forecasting model we developed internally. Through our predictive analytics work, we have found that total income growth is the primary driver of market rent growth. Within this model, consensus expectations that job growth will be slightly negative in 2023 are fully offset by the expectation of approximately 3% wage growth. In addition, a declining homeownership rate and slowing, but still positive, consensus real GDP growth should continue to benefit market rent growth this year, offset somewhat by increased new supply. In short, even if job growth goes slightly negative, we still see a path to positive rent growth in 2023. With this in mind, our 6.75% same-store revenue growth guidance midpoint can be achieved through our approximate 5% earn-in, a 125 basis point contribution using a midyear convention from blended rate growth comprised of new and renewal rate growth of 1.5% and 3.5% respectively, an approximate 50 basis point contribution from our unique innovation initiatives. The high end of 7.75% would be achieved through improved year-over-year occupancy, additional accretion from innovation and blended rate growth similar to the pre-COVID average of 4%, comprised of new and renewal rate growth of 3% and 5%, respectively. Conversely, the low end of 5.75% reflects a 75 basis point contribution from full year blended rate growth of 1.5% comprised of flat new lease growth and 3% renewals, which is approximately 250 basis points below the pre-COVID average renewal rate. Because of the relative strength of our January and February blended rate growth, we need only nominal blended rate growth of 1% on average through the rest of the year to achieve the low end. For reference, even during past downturns, our lowest trailing four-quarter average renewal rate growth was approximately 2%. Ongoing regulatory challenges could impact our views as 2023 unfolds, but we should have visibility into 65% to 70% of our full year same-store revenue by the end of April. We plan to reassess our guidance assumptions at that time. Finally, we continue to drive forward on innovation with the intent of further expanding our 300 basis point controllable operating margin advantage versus peers. Initiatives underway are expected to generate at least $40 million in incremental NOI by year end 2025. $5 million to $10 million of this is included in our 2023 same-store guidance ranges and will largely be focused on revenue upside, such as our building-wide WiFi project that enables seamless whole-building connectivity, our customer experience project to enhance satisfaction and drive property-level ROI initiatives, and the expanded use of big data to improve our pricing engine. Innovation has and will continue to drive more dollars to our bottom line as we rollout initiatives across our legacy portfolio and on external growth over time. As an example, on the $2.6 billion of third-party acquisitions we completed between 2019 and 2021, innovation has accounted for an additional 50 basis points in yield expansion above what the market alone would have provided or around $13 million of incremental NOI. This translates to approximately $275 million of value creation. In closing, a special thanks goes out to all of our teams for their relentless efforts to drive the best results possible across our markets. Your performance in 2022 was exceptional. And with your help, we will continue to leverage new and the innovative tools to drive results in 2023 and beyond. I will now turn over the call to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results and our initial outlook for full year 2023, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity, and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Our fourth quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.61 achieved the midpoint of our previously provided guidance range. Full year 2022 FFOA as adjusted of $2.33 was 16% higher year-over-year, reflecting the company’s second strongest year of earnings growth in its 50-year history. Similarly, our Board authorized a robust 10.5% increase to our dividend this year, enhancing our total return profile. Based on our AFFO per share guidance, our 2023 dividend of $1.68 reflects a payout ratio of 74%, in line with our historical average. Looking ahead, our full year 2023 FFOA per share guidance range is $2.45 to $2.53. The $2.49 midpoint represents a 7% annual increase supported by mid to high single-digit forecasted same-store NOI growth. The $0.16 increase versus our full year 2022 result of $2.33 is driven by the following: a $0.20 benefit from same-store and joint venture NOI, a $0.04 benefit from non-same-store communities through the continued successful lease-up of recently developed and redeveloped communities, offset by $0.06 from higher interest expense and a higher average share count, and $0.02 from increased G&A expense and other corporate items. For the first quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.59 to $0.61 or a 9% year-over-year increase at the midpoint. The slight sequential decline is driven by higher average share count from the settlement of forward equity agreements at the end of the fourth quarter and the higher interest expense. Next, a transactions and capital markets update. First, in alignment with our shift towards a capital-light strategy in mid-2022, we made no acquisitions or DCP investments during the fourth quarter. And second, we generated approximately $220 million of capital from dispositions and forward equity settlements. Specifically, during the quarter, we sold 1 community in Orange County, California for approximately $42 million and settled all remaining forward equity sales agreements at roughly $57 per share or a 20% premium to current consensus NAV and a 35% premium to our recent share price. We used the proceeds to further improve our balance sheet and execute approximately $21 million of share repurchases at a 20% discount to consensus NAV and a high 5% implied cap rate. Next, our investment grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first, we have only $115 million of consolidated debt or approximately 0.5% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2024 after excluding amounts on our credit facilities and our commercial paper program. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best 3-year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 3.2%. Second, we have $1 billion of liquidity as of December 31, providing us ample dry powder and strength. And third, our leverage metrics continue to improve. Debt to enterprise value was just 29% at quarter end, while net debt-to-EBITDAre was 5.6x, down nearly a full turn from 6.4x a year ago and a half turn better versus pre-COVID levels. We expect these metrics to improve further throughout 2023. Taken together, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape. Our liquidity position is strong, we remain selective in our capital deployment with balanced forward sources and uses and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to create value and drive earnings accretion. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Paolone: Thank you. First question is for Mike, you went through some of the markets where you are giving out some concessions. Can you maybe just step back and give us a sense as to which markets you see as being strongest and weakest in the portfolio in ‘23?
Mike Lacy: Yes. Hey, Tony. How you are doing? It’s a good question. I think probably starting at a high level you have heard us talk a lot about just the convergence of trends over the last few months as it relates to both the Sunbelt and the Coast. So let me start there. I think with the Sunbelt, you have heard us talk a little bit about that earn-in. We are right around 6% going into ‘23, the Coast, for us, just over 4%. And when you think about it, East Coast was around 4.5%, the West Coast around 3.75%, the difference in what we are seeing today though, is we are seeing higher market rents as well as a higher loss to lease in the Coast. So we are seeing a little bit more forward strength and leading indicator there, if you will. And what we are experiencing and expect to see is the Sunbelt will probably have higher blends to start the year, and a lot of that is driven due to renewal growth and what’s been sent out in the foreseeable future. That being said, we do think the Coast, given the market rent and locales, could catch up and potentially surpass that sometime midyear. But what it’s coming down to is what we are doing differently. And a lot of this has to do with what we have done with the pricing system, the fact that we are able to see current demand trends coming through the door. We are able to price a little bit more efficiently there. But we are also utilizing a lot of feedback just in terms of what the customers are saying, what our teams are saying. And we think that this is going to continue to drive outperformance as it relates to our customer experience project. So a lot of exciting things to come on the innovation front that will continue to differentiate us.
Anthony Paolone: Okay. Thank you. And then just my follow-up is, you didn’t put much in the guidance with regards to, I guess, nothing on the acquisition side and just very little on the sales. But to the extent capital markets or investment sales markets perk up here the next few quarters, what would you look to either sell or buy?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Tony, it’s Joe. We did not. We took a relatively conservative approach on guidance as we typically do when it comes to sources and uses. So we really look strictly at what do we have identified in terms of development, DCP, redevelopment NOI enhancing spend and then have that funded primarily with free cash flow plus potentially some disposition in the DCP repayment. So pretty conservative on that front. I’d say, as we kind of go through this period of price discovery in the broader market, a number of our team were down to NMHC last week and you still do have a bid/ask spread out there, call it, 10% or 15% with sellers kind of looking for that mid-4s type cap rate, buyers kind of looking for more in the high-4s. So they are still going through this period of price discovery, but I think as we potentially stabilize with debt costs really kind of start to come to an end on the Fed Fund side and then spreads compressing and getting more towards the high 4s, low 5s borrowing cost, we could see more of that price discovery moving forward. If that occurs, I’d say, in terms of uses of capital, where we have been leaning into more so, I think the developer capital program continues to be a great place to put capital to work in this environment, both on new projects within development, but also within potential recap opportunities. So those present a good return, several hundred basis points higher than what we had been doing previously, but also a lower attachment point in terms of loan to values and loan to cost. So we expect us to try to remain active there if we have capital. On the redevelopment side, we’ve got a pretty big redevelopment pipeline that we continue to build up that has a good opportunity to achieve pretty good returns as well as refresh assets and take advantage of the markets as they start to come back. So those are probably the two bigger pieces. To get there, we are exploring disposition activity in this market. So as always, we are exposing assets to market, including looking for potential JV partners, both on the operating development and developer capital program side. So if and when we have something there to discuss, we will bring it back to the market and talk about it, but we are looking at alternative sources to help us grow in this environment.
Anthony Paolone: Great. Thank you.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tony.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. You touched on the blended rent growth and kind of on the market side, but just from the data you’re collecting and I recognize it’s a lower traffic time period so maybe we can go back for the past few months, is there anything you’re seeing change from a migration trend perspective? Obviously, we’ve seen some better growth in the Sunbelt on that side, but wondering if there is anything changing in the data?
Mike Lacy: Not really, Nick. I’ll tell you, overall, we are seeing less people move out of MSAs, but also less people moving in from outside of the MSA. And just to give you a few stats to put it in perspective, move-outs right now, 25% move-outs from the MSA versus 27% last year. And for move-ins, what we’re seeing, 29% move-ins from outside of the MSA, and that’s versus 31% last year, so not a big difference. And basically, they are back to kind of pre-COVID levels.
Joe Fisher: Yes, I’d say two other things. It’s kind of demographically and you mentioned traffic as well there, Nick. Demographically, one of the big macro tailwinds that I think we have going into this year and help support kind of our outlook is homeownership rate overall. We do expect that to come down. So given the relative affordability dynamic between single-family housing and multifamily housing, we think we do have a tailwind there. So that’s going to help on the demographic or household formation side for multifamily. The other thing, just you mentioned the low traffic period. 4Q was a lower traffic period. I think our traffic got down to about flat year-over-year. So perhaps a little bit less demand in fourth quarter. That said, as you look at year-to-date, I think we’re up 7% or 8% in terms of year-over-year traffic coming here through January and February. So we have seen us kind of come through that typical lull that we see seasonally and seeing traffic come back quite strong at this point.
Nick Joseph: Thank you. And then just, Joe, on your comments on DCP and the attractiveness there, how much of the return hurdles changed relative to the 12 or 24 months ago? And I recognize there is different levels of risk and different structures. So if you can try to just normalize that kind of how has it changed just with higher rates?
Joe Fisher: Yes. It’s – overall, if you look back to what we are doing in terms of the fixed coupon transactions on a typical developer capital program deal over the last several years, that was typically in that 11% to 12% type of targeted return. Today, that’s going to be several hundred basis points higher, so call it 13% to 14% returns on that paper. One of the big differences, though, is where we’re attaching in terms of the risk profile. So if we were in the 80% to 85% loan-to-cost previously, we think there is good opportunities in this market to actually be down in the 75%, up to 80% loan to cost. So you’re getting more return while taking less risk. You are also seeing some of the preeminent developers come back and look for this type of capital. And so you may get better sponsorship within those investments as well as potentially better assets within those investments. So across the board, I think having capital for that bucket in this environment, you’re going to be a little bit more selective and pick and choose pretty good opportunities.
Nick Joseph: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question. 
Daniel Tricarico: Hey, it’s Daniel Tricarico with Nick. Tom, you mentioned a wide range of economic scenarios for the year. Looking to get a feel for what type of economic scenarios baked into guidance, whether this is a softer landing with modest job losses. We know you have a more broadly diversified portfolio, which in theory should reduce volatility in your results, but any commentary on your view of the economic outlook would be helpful.
Thomas Toomey: Yes. I mean, first, I’ll call out to Chris Van Ens in the data analytics team in creating a wide range of predictive models for our business and help drive our decisions. I think the baseline midpoint of our assumption assumes about 1 million job loss for the year on a national basis. And then they try to really drill down to four or five more factors, which is really income growth and employment picture that drive our business and pricing power. And through that, back testing it, I think they have come up with about an 83% confidence weighted model that points to the midpoint of our scenario that we’ve outlined for guidance. Joe, Chris, anything you’d add to it, pat on the back?
Joe Fisher: Yes, definitely a pat on the back for Chris, on the predictive analytics side, but John nailed it, it’s a multifactor model. We’re, of course, looking at broader consensus expectations, plus some industry-specific expectations around rent growth. But while a lot of the focus comes into the potential job losses and layoff announcements, the recent job support was quite strong. We still expect to see wage growth throughout 2023, which is the biggest driver of rents within our industry. You also have homeownership rate expectations to come down. And while we focus a lot on the supply outlook within multifamily, which does look to be up slightly, call it, 10% to 20% year-over-year, a broader total housing picture actually should have a supply decrease next year given what’s going on in the single-family market. And so you kind of roll all those up, and you kind of get to a little bit lower expectation than typical. I think Mike talked about needing 2.5% blends. At this point, given we know already now January, February, we only need 2% blends the rest of the year, which is, call it, 150, 200 basis points below historical averages for those 10 months. So we’ve clearly assumed a little bit more of a lower-than-typical dynamic from a macroeconomic standpoint to get to those guidance numbers.
Daniel Tricarico: Great. Thanks for that. A quick follow-up. So you look at new versus renewal pricing in the fourth quarter. It’s a noticeably wide gap for most markets. And, Mike, you gave helpful sensitivity in your opening remarks for 2023, but at what point do you see renewals converge to new lease pricing or is there an expectation maybe to meet in the middle as new lease pricing accelerates? Any thoughts on that dynamic and how you see it playing out for the year?
Mike Lacy: That’s a good question. What we’re seeing today is it’s starting to converge a little bit as we look out into February and March. My expectation is probably by 3Q, you start to see it come down to 100, 200 basis points. Because what we are experiencing and what we expect market rents to continue to increase as we go into leasing season. And we are eating away at that loss to lease. So our renewal growth should come down a little bit, and I think we will probably meet in the middle somewhere.
Daniel Tricarico: Great, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Yes. Thanks, guys. Just want to touch a little bit on the model. And I was curious if there were any specific periods that you’d point us to where you back tested the model where you saw some significant or notable job losses, but during a period of still attractive wage growth that resulted in market rent growth holding positive?
Joe Fisher: Yes. We’d have to go back and take a little bit more of a deep dive on that. We’ve got the scenarios, but not in front of us. Yes. What comes to mind is if you go back to ‘05, ‘06, and look at the shift to a readership nation, despite the magnitude of job losses, you did see overall rent growth and revenue growth, but we do some extent because even during that dramatic period of time, I think our NOI was down roughly 10%, both as a company and as an industry. So that’s with fairly draconian jobs outlook because you did have another tailwind there from a demographic and household formation perspective. So we’d have to take a little bit deeper dive and look at that, but I do think just being in a needs-based industry, one in which individuals are going to need shelter, and this is the cheapest cost of shelter in this environment relative to single family, you’re going to have any incremental housing that’s formed really biased over into our part of the world. So I think it’s going to be a pretty big tailwind combined with wages going forward.
Austin Wurschmidt: That’s helpful. Appreciate the comments. And then, Joe, going to your comments on kind of evaluating joint venture opportunities, would you characterize these as more one-off opportunities? Or are you guys looking to – or would you consider something more significant like you did historically with MetLife or maybe other partners in the past?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Right now, we’re thinking about it in terms of probably a little bit more like the MetLife joint venture. They have been a phenomenal partner to us for the last 12 years plus. And so finding a partner that thinks like us, views real estate and operations similar to us and as capital grow with us along a number of different avenues. So as we look at exposing a portfolio of assets to the market to potentially find a joint venture partner with, of course, we want to find a partner that will meet the market in terms of pricing and terms, but also then has the capital and the wherewithal to grow with us, both on operations, potential developments over time as well as DCP investments over time. And so we’d like to find that partner. If it takes several partnerships to accomplish that, that would be okay. But it’s a way for us to continue to expand the enterprise, utilize our operational and transaction skill sets to grow accretively and continue to gain scale overall.
Austin Wurschmidt: Appreciate. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Goldsmith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Goldsmith: Good morning. Good afternoon. Thanks all for taking my question. The breakdown of the range of same-store revenue guidance was helpful. Can you break down the expense growth guidance of 4% to 5.5%? Where are you seeing pressure? And then how much more savings can you see from your centralization and property headcount reduction efforts?
Mike Lacy: Michael, I’ll start with that one, Joe, and can help clean it up if it needs to. But basically, we’re talking about 475 at the midpoint. And I think it’s important to break it down into those components of controllables and non-controllables. So first and foremost, controllable expenses make up just over 50% of the stack at around $250 million. We do expect between 4.5% to 5.5% growth, and we are seeing pressure points on utilities. We are seeing anywhere from about 6% to 6.5% growth in ‘23, and that’s coming off of nearly 8% growth in ‘22. R&M should continue to see a little bit of pressure around 6% to 7% growth for us this year, and that compares to 11% in 2022. Personnel continue to see some efficiencies there. So we’re seeing around 2% to 3% growth, and we were flat in ‘22. As it relates to non-controllables, this is just under 50% of the stack. We expect around 4% to 5% growth, taxes being in that plus or minus 5% range as well as insurance in that 4% to 5% range. So a little bit of pressure there, but it’s what we are doing, and you asked a very good question, how much more is left. We think there is quite a bit. On the personnel side, we’ve been running with about 30 properties that are unmanned. We expect that to go around 35 to 40 this year. So we are finding efficiencies there. We’re putting in place some technology as it relates to maintenance, and we think we can compress our days vacant on the term side. So we think R&M will be benefiting from that. And then on utilities, we are working on different ROIs that should make us a little bit more efficient with our vacant electric as well as just common area lighting. So we are doing plenty of things. We’re trying to compress these numbers, and we feel pretty good at our 4.75% range.
Joe Fisher: And I do think, too, if you take kind of the what’s next piece and look at revenue, Mike talked about the 50 basis points that’s additive to our guidance expectations this year. I think that’s a big differentiator when you look at what we’ve seen from others put out there in terms of other income expectations. I think just given a little bit more concrete facts behind it as we do have identified projects with that. So that’s a lot of our bulk Internet, our package lockers, third-party parking, tenant deposit, insurance, things of that nature, that’s very well identified. So it’s not a hope that we get that 50 bps, I think it’s a known. And I think that’s a key differentiator for us as we go into ‘23. But also as you look back into ‘22, just to give Mike a pat on the back, we think when all said and down here in fourth quarter, we’re shaping up for the number two overall same-store revenue growth this year, which is a phenomenal outcome given the diversified portfolio that we have. We don’t have as much Sunbelt as some of the others. So coming in number two, I think a prideful fact that’s driven by market selection, submarket selection, everything that’s taken place on the innovation front. So more to come on that for sure.
Michael Goldsmith: That’s really helpful detail. And you talked about the affordability of renting and those that are moving out due to buying a new home is down, I believe, you said 30%. I guess given the slowdown in single-family home price appreciation and signs of stabilization in mortgage rates, do you expect move-outs to purchase a home to rise in ‘23, and so maybe that becomes a little bit more of a pressure as the year progresses?
Joe Fisher: I think, usually, what you see from a psychology perspective is that home prices come down even as affordability improves. You do see a delayed response in terms of that affordability. So when we had the kind of ‘07, ‘08 crisis and that shift to rentership, that was a shift that developed and took place for the next 7 years or so. And so you do have a different psychological impact that sticks with you a lot longer. So I’d expect that trend to stay with us throughout all of 2023.
Michael Goldsmith: Got it. Thank you very much. Good luck this year.
Joe Fisher: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Dennerlein: Hey, guys. Thanks for the time. I noticed in Seattle, effect of new lease growth in 4Q is down 7.4%. Just kind of what are you seeing in that market? And I guess, what’s your expectation built into 2023 for Seattle?
Mike Lacy: Great. Josh, this is Mike. Just starting with kind of our exposure if you will, we are around 6.5% of our NOI in Seattle. A lot of that is in the Bellevue area and the remainder is out in the suburb. So what we experienced during the quarter was strong growth in the suburbs. I mean what we saw was 10% to 12% growth on a revenue basis. Down in Bellevue, we are still in that 5% to 6% range. What we’re experiencing today, rates are coming back a little bit. Over the last few weeks, we’ve seen market rents increase. We’re really not utilizing any concessions in either Bellevue or out in the suburbs, and we expect new lease growth to start to show positive here in February and March, and our blend should be in that 2% to 3% range as we move forward here. And ideally, this is a very seasonal market. What we’ve seen in the past is typically about a 600-basis-point drop off from the third quarter. It was a little bit more pronounced this quarter, but we do expect that, that market will bounce back just given that it’s so seasonal in nature.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. I appreciate that color. And then just – appreciate all the info you provided on the same-store revenue guide, just wanted to kind of clarify? I don’t know if I heard it, the occupancy assumption at the midpoint in the high, low end of the range?
Mike Lacy: Yes. We’re expecting roughly flat occupancy. So we’ve been running right around 96.7% as we go into January, February here. I expect more of the same for the foreseeable future. We’re really focused on continuing to drive that rent roll. And so we’re going to be pushing rents for the next few months and see how it all shakes out.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. That’s across the range you assume the flat or was there...
Mike Lacy: That’s correct, across the range. Some markets being a little bit higher, some being a little bit lower, but right around that 96.7%, 96.8% is about where we will land.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay, appreciate that. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. I realize you’re not providing sort of quarterly cadences, but, Mike, could you maybe just talk about how you think revenue growth progresses throughout the year? And I guess I’m just trying to get a sense for maybe where the exit velocity might be as we get sort of towards the end of the year and into ‘24?
Mike Lacy: Yes. We haven’t talked much about the cadence, Steve. But what I would tell you is, the first half of the year should still be relatively strong just given what we’ve done with the earn-in. I mean, obviously, we put a lot of focus on that over the last 6 to 9 months. So I would expect anywhere from 7.5% to 8.5% in the first half. That being said that would imply about a 5.5%, 6.5% in the back half. But we will see what happens with market rent If they continue to go up closer to that high end of the range that we provided, you could see that migrate up. So that’s kind of how we’re seeing it shake out based on everything we’re seeing and experiencing today.
Thomas Toomey: And Mike, how much of your revenue is built in by April?
Mike Lacy: Quite a bit, Tom. So we expect between 65%, 70% of it will be known by the end of April.
Steve Sakwa: Got it. Okay, thank you. And then second question, I guess, Joe, coming back from NMHC, I mean how are you guys thinking about new development starts? And I know you own a bunch of land parcels. I guess where would you today be penciling out new development? And if those yields don’t really work for you, how much higher do the yields need to be in? Is that a function of cost coming down, rents going up? Obviously, it could be a combination of both, but just how do you see development starts maybe unfolding over the next year or so?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Good question. I’d say, number one, just related to the current pipeline, I want to point out. From a cost perspective, we are primarily locked in. So of the three projects still under construction, we’re 95% bought out. And with that 5% remaining risk, we’ve got contingencies in place. So from a cost and return standpoint, feel very good about all the projects on Attachment 9, still kind of trending to the high 5s, low 6s for majority of those deals as they go through lease-up. So that’s on the current pipeline. As we kind of go forward, the one project that we’ve talked about in the past is a Phase 2 Newport Village in Northern Virginia. In the next 30 days, we should get kind of final cost estimates on that and final refinement of return expectations. We fully expect that to be in the kind of mid-5s current type range. And when I say current, that’s current rents on inflated or projected cost and so that should stabilize over time as we go through that somewhere into the low to mid-6s. We think that’s an acceptable level for that project, especially given that it’s a Phase 2 and has ancillary benefits to Phase 1 from a efficiency and padding perspective. So that’s the near-term decision for us. The next decision is probably not going to be for another 6 months plus as we get into the back half of the year, at which time, I think we will have more price discovery and views in terms of cost of capital and best alternatives for that capital, so nothing else near term in terms of growing the pipeline.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Kramer: Hey, guys. Really appreciate all the kind of the color earlier, just framing the high end, low end and midpoints. I was just wondering kind of given the strong renewal growth, even with kind of a new lease decel, where does that loss to lease stand today? And maybe just kind of framing out, could that shift to a gain to lease if renewals kind of do stay in this elevated range with new kind of modest growth?
Mike Lacy: That’s a really good question. I’ll tell you what’s been promising to see is, today, we’re sitting around 2.2 loss to lease. Last month, we were around 1.5. So we’ve actually seen our loss to lease increase, and a lot of that has to do with what we’ve seen with market rents on a sequential basis, go up almost nearly 1%. So even though we’re sending out high renewals and capturing it, we’re pushing our market rents, which gives us the ability to continue to have a relatively high loss to lease. And just to put it in perspective, this time of year, we’re usually around 1.5. So we’re actually a little bit above that. So we feel pretty good about where we’re tracking.
Adam Kramer: That’s great. Thanks. And then just I think there was a question earlier on maybe one of the weaker markets in Seattle. Maybe just the flip side of that question, looking in New York, I mean, 16.3% effective new lease rate growth in the fourth quarter. I guess, what’s kind of driving the continued strength there? I guess maybe the question is, can that continue? And is there a world where maybe that kind of continues to be a really strong market even with new kind of deselling in other markets?
Mike Lacy: Yes. No, I’m glad you asked that. New York feels very strong today. And just to put it in perspective, again, this is about a 7.5% market for us in terms of NOI way. We are heavily focused in the financial as well as Manhattan just around 75%, 80% of our exposure. So what we’re experiencing there is strong demand. So we’ve got traffic up on a year-over-year basis, still running around 98% occupancy, no concessions in the marketplace and really no supply to speak to in the city itself. So New York feels very strong for us. I expect that you’ll continue to see high blends as we move forward into the first quarter and second quarter here. And quite frankly, we think New York could be one of our best markets this year with anywhere from 10% to 12% revenue growth.
Adam Kramer: Thanks, again. I really appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, thanks for the time. Just curious on what you’re expecting for turnover and bad debt as the year rolls on some noise in out of LA County just curious on how that impacts your business plan or expectations?
Mike Lacy: Yes. Juan, right now, this is Mike. What we expect is turnover to stay pretty relatively flat on a year-over-year basis. It’s up a little bit because we have seen a little bit more on the turnouts due to skips and evictions. I’ll let Joe get into a little bit more on bad debt. But right now, we’re continuing to focus on driving renewal rate growth. We expect we will have a little bit more move-outs due to that. But again, we’re not seeing people move out to buy homes. So that’s helping us offset that. And I do expect turnover to be relatively flat year-over-year.
Joe Fisher: Juan, it’s Joe. So we actually had a number of these questions last night and this morning on bad debt. So we’re still talking through this topic. Hopefully, ‘23 is a little bit different picture for us. But maybe just a recap on our approach, and then I can kind of take you through current trends and outlook. So our approach going back to 2020 when we started COVID, was to consistently estimate what we thought the collectibility for each individual resident was. So we didn’t take a draconian view and simply write off all delinquencies. We didn’t get overly bullish and say we’re going to collect all of it. But we try to think through, be it from cash or be it through government assistance, what the ultimate collectibility was for each of those different groups. So what that resulted in was, when we had government assistance come in, of which I got to give a plug to that team, we ended up getting $60 million of government assistance on behalf of our residents and our investors this period of time, which, I think, if you look at that as a percentage of revenue, probably number one in the space when we took a look at it. So a big plug to those individuals have worked hard on that. But when we had that come in, it wasn’t a positive surprise to our numbers, which means it wasn’t a big benefit this year, also not a headwind as we go into 2023. And so if you look at recent trends, despite the fact that government assistance has been coming off, it was sub $2 million benefit in 4Q. It’s down under $200,000 here in the first quarter. So a de minimis amount, but yet we saw the best in-the-month collections and in-the-quarter collections in 4Q and into January that we’ve seen throughout COVID. So we’re seeing the ability to get higher-paying residents in, find new residents that have the wherewithal and ability to pay as we go through this eviction and [indiscernible] process and ultimately help benefit ‘23 numbers. In terms of the assumption, though, for ‘23, we think it’s relatively flat in terms of total bad debt expense. So maybe a little bit of upside as we work through some of these abilities to get back some of our units, some of the eviction moratoriums burn off. But net-net, we’re thinking it’s probably about a flat benefit in our guidance.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks. Super helpful. And then just on same-store expenses, the guidance for ‘23, what would you say the differential is in expectations between the Coast and the Sunbelt, and the main drivers of that?
Mike Lacy: Biggest difference, what we are seeing today is really around taxes. So we do expect high single digits in the Sunbelt, where we are capped at around 2%, obviously, with our California exposure. So that’s probably the biggest difference. Aside from that, we do see a little bit more pressure as it relates to some of our vendors working down in the Sunbelt, just given the supply pressure down there, you do see more expenses there. But for the most part, it’s pretty tight across the board.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you very much.
Joe Fisher: Thanks, Juan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Heffern: Yes. Thanks everybody. Can you walk through what you are seeing in terms of demand in some of the tech markets? Obviously, you mentioned Seattle already, but San Francisco and Austin as well. And is there any noticeable impact that you are seeing from the layoffs?
Mike Lacy: San Francisco today feels pretty good. I will tell you, over the last few weeks, I have seen a little bit more traffic return to that market. But again, I think it’s always good to put this in perspective. That is about 8% of our NOI, 50% our exposure is in that SoMa downtown area, the rest is down the peninsula. I have seen pretty good traffic across the board. I am not really seeing downtown outperform Santa Clara, San Mateo necessarily. It’s pretty good. And I will tell you, it goes back to some of the exposure that we have in these markets. Seattle is just under 15% tech exposure as it relates to our resident base. In San Francisco, it’s actually between 10% and 12%. It’s a much more diversified resident base. And so during the months of November, December, when you heard all the layoffs, we did see people kind of sit back. Demand was a little bit slower as people were just assessing what’s going on. But lately, it does feel, and what we are hearing from the ground is, people are going back to the office. They want to make sure that their faces are being seen, and we are seeing traffic return a little bit.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think one other thing we saw, obviously, early in COVID, we saw a lot of the dispersion of the tech jobs around the country. Similarly, what we have been taking a look at, and I know there has been a couple of reports out there on the warrant notices related to some of those layoffs. Our business intelligence team has done a lot of special analytics work looking at where those WARN notices are, and you would be shocked to see the distribution of them. So, it’s not just a San Francisco or in Austin and Seattle. When you look at the percentage of those layoffs that are taking place, or a percentage of the workforce in those markets, it’s not nearly as impactful as I think most of us typically think when we see the headlines just based off where certain companies are headquartered. So, there is more of a dispersed impact around our portfolio and as well as markets we are not in.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Appreciate that color. And then in the prepared comments, you mentioned that renters are taking longer to make decisions, even though the traffic levels are basically the same. I was just curious if you could delve into sort of what you meant by that comment and what the implication is?
Mike Lacy: Yes. Brad, I would tell you just to quantify that a little bit. The way we think about it is in terms of vacant days. And so it’s taking about two days longer just to move somebody in after they start trying to figure out where they want to live and when they want to move in, so about two days on average. Other than that, we haven’t seen much of a difference.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chandni Luthra with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Chandni Luthra: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. So, you guys talked about inter-market differences between coastal and Sunbelt, but perhaps could you talk about intra-market differences, A versus B, urban versus suburban?
Mike Lacy: Yes. I am happy to go into that a little bit, just to give you an idea of what we are experiencing today and what we did experience. So, as it relates to A versus B, first of all, in ‘22, we did see our As outperform on a revenue basis. And what we expect in ‘23 and what we are seeing today, our Bs are likely to outperform As. As it relates to urban versus suburban, urban outperformed the suburban in 2022. We do expect that to flip as we move through ‘23. And I think just to point to something here, you can see on Attachment 11a, our MetLife portfolio, high-quality, urban in nature, we have 16% growth during the quarter. So, you can see what’s happening there just as it relates to different parts of what we are seeing in our mature portfolio. So, overall, it’s in good shape.
Chandni Luthra: Great. And for my follow-up, in the event that you don’t see viable acquisition or DCP opportunities or we stay in that price discovery mode for longer, how would you think about the appetite for buybacks this year?
Joe Fisher: Yes. We have definitely had the appetite and willingness and ability to pivot over time. So, I think our most recent $50 million buyback that we did in 3Q, 4Q, it was actually our third buyback in the last 5 years. So, we have got a demonstrated history of pivoting when we can. As we get through price discovery, continue to see where the fundamental picture develops, then importantly, what is that source of capital and the price of that capital, as those all come together, I think we will have a better picture on whether or not we have the capacity for buybacks. And if it makes a good risk return trade-off, it was somewhat of a fairly easy decision when we are thinking about it in 3Q and 4Q because we had done the forward equity back in March of ‘22. So, we had proceeds available. We had a set price. We also sold that asset in Southern California. So, I think as we expose some of these assets to market, see where they come in on pricing, we will be able to potentially take proceeds from that to determine do we want to do more operational acquisitions and put that into our platform and get the lift we typically see. Do some of the DCP transactions we talked about earlier, help fund potential development starts and then of course, buybacks will be on that menu as well.
Chandni Luthra: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Rich Anderson with SMBC. Please proceed with your question.
Joe Fisher: Hey Rich, check and see if you are on mute.
Rich Anderson: Sorry about that. Can you hear me?
Joe Fisher: You are good.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Sorry about that. I think the question earlier, Sakwa asked about the cadence of performance over the course of the year, and you gave a good answer there. And then when I think about the year ahead, it’s somewhat of a pedestrian year except for the fact that you have this 5% earn-in. So, you are kind of whittling away this great growth profile you had last year. So, when you think about the end of the year, is it the best probability that you will be looking at like a return to CPI plus type of growth in 2024 or what has to happen for – to have another year of above-average growth and for the story to continue, or just curious what the building blocks might be when you are looking at December of this year?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Good question. And obviously, we are not macroeconomists, but we can kind of focus on what we can control and see coming down the pipe. So, I would say two things that are beneficial as you start to go into ‘24. One on the supply side, I mentioned the total housing stock already starting to come down. I think that’s going to only continue when you look at permanent start activity on single-family, and what we are starting to see roll over in terms of permits and starts on the multifamily side. So, you start to bring down total housing stock. The other thing is the relative affordability piece that we have talked about quite a bit, that should be beneficial. So, those all help market rent growth. Beyond that, then you still have innovation, which we talked about that adding 50 basis points here in the 2023 numbers. I think you have at least another year of 50 basis points coming in 2024 when we think about what we have coming, especially on building wide WiFi and some of the other initiatives that will roll into the pipeline. So, I think there is a couple of dynamics that hopefully help get us above inflationary type of numbers as we go into ‘24. And then beyond that, you have still a very strong balance sheet in terms of lack of maturities coming due really in 2024 with only $100 million. So, you don’t have the debt resets. And then we also have capital allocation. We will see where our cost of capital goes, and where we can deploy, but hopefully, some opportunities there.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Great. And just a follow-up, just a quick one. earn-in typically 1% or 2% in a normal year?
Mike Lacy: Yes. Our historical average is right around 1.5%.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And then, Joe, on the DCP, what would you say the exit strategy is for the $480 million of commitments that you have currently in terms of getting paid off or participating in the development? Like is there any change to what you are thinking in terms of strategy as it relates to those investments as it stands today?
Joe Fisher: I wouldn’t say any change overall. When we go into those, obviously, we are looking to make sure we have a partner in an asset that we want to be there with. It’s an asset that we ultimately want to own, and we have done that. I think those have come through maturity over the last – we started that program in 2013, so the last 9 years. And I think we have had about a 50-50 hit rate on buying those out. I would say the only change in dynamic today has to do with as we go through this period of price discovery and figuring out where cost of borrowing is. We have got some upcoming maturities and equity partners that, while they may have been thinking about exiting the asset and either us buying it or selling it to the market, they are maybe looking for a little bit more time to wait to get through that price discovery mode and optimized pricing and economics for themselves and of course, us. So, we are going to work with some partners on potentially extending and making sure we get to a better window to transact. But in terms of our desire to buy out, it’s going to be case-by-case as we move through those.
Thomas Toomey: Hey Rich, this is Toomey. I would just add. Think about it as an option. It’s an option that we get paid for, why we sit there and collect it. So, not a bad position to be in. And if our cost of capital responds, we could be aggressive on that opportunity set because we know it, assets we would want to own. And if it isn’t, we are glad to just cash our check and go away to the next opportunity.
Rich Anderson: Fair enough. Okay. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Wes Golladay with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Wes Golladay: Hey. Good morning everyone. A lot of good things on this quarter and in the year and the outlook, but I just had one, I guess minor negative following up on DCP. It looks like junction was extended. And can you give us a little bit of an update there? Was it just driven by the financing markets? Is the project still under construction? Just a little more details there.
Joe Fisher: Yes. It really goes back to kind of that prior comment and response. It’s just trying to find an optimal window for them to potentially transact. So, they do have certain rights from a senior extension perspective. And so, in some cases, you are going to have borrowers that look to extend for their rights. In other cases, we will work with them and the senior lender to figure out what the right extension is. So, they did extend, and we are still in discussions with them to actually extend even further to ensure that we have perhaps a year or 2 years window by which to evaluate the market and figure out what the exit is.
Thomas Toomey: Wes, Toomey, again. A couple of points to make. We still accrue our prep during that period of time. So second, this particular asset, 20% market rents below pre-COVID. So, it’s still trying to bring itself back. And the truth is Santa Monica is a great market. And so we will see how it plays out. I think it’s again one of those, we like our options. At this juncture, we will see how they play through.
Wes Golladay: Got it. And then I think it was a few quarters ago, you had mentioned when a tenant moves out due to the higher rent increase, you typically have a large move out – move up in rent. Are you still seeing that?
Mike Lacy: We are still seeing it, not to the same level as we saw probably one quarter or two quarters ago, but we are still experiencing that and like to see the same more at least the next one quarter or two quarters.
Wes Golladay: Got it. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the quests. Just two quick ones for me here. Want to follow-up on your comments on the transaction markets. We were at NMHC 2 and heard a lot of chatter about the stalled market, lots of capital willing to buy, but fewer sellers and a pretty sizable bid-ask spread. So, I guess I am curious about how you are thinking about the market clearing cap rates in the current environment and what you are willing to pay? And when do you think we will get back to a more normalized level of transaction activity? Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think you are right, we got to mention that 10% to 15% delta in terms of buy/sell price discovery window. And it’s – we are unsure at this point which group is going to move which direction. But I would say you do have a pretty good buyer set out there in terms of unlevered buyer pools or individuals that already have capital raised. They can find pretty compelling IRRs when you are buying in the high-4s, you get to a 8% unlevered IRR. So, be it high net worth pension, closed-end funds, a lot of private capital is definitely efficient around the space. And I think once again, plenty of capital looking to come over to multifamily. So, for us, in terms of our ability or willingness to transact at certain levels, obviously, we are fairly focused from the cash flow accretion standpoint. So, whatever allows us to get cash flow lift, if we could sell at x and then redeploy into assets that are undermanaged and get a day one left with our operating platform, we are more than happy to transact at different cap rate levels as long as that opportunity to redeploy is out there. And so that’s probably the biggest thing we are thinking about in terms of meeting the market and where that pricing comes in.
Haendel St. Juste: That’s helpful. Curious on maybe one set of maybe potential sellers here, I heard a lot of talk about merchant builders who clearly started project during maybe different economic times or different cost of capital and capital expectations. So, curious if you are getting more inbound calls from that set of potential sellers, how you maybe would assess or rank that opportunity? And if that’s an area where we expect to be more active in the coming quarters?
H. Andrew Cantor: Haendel, this is Andrew. Good question. And we did quite – there is the opportunity for DCP recaps, I think in that space. It’s still a little early as it relates to that. We have done a few of them late last year. And we have begun to have some of those conversations, but I still think there is some discovery that needs to take place before we know for sure if those opportunities exist. But it’s definitely a place where we are going to – like Joe mentioned earlier that we have a reduced risk in that scenario where the property will be – have been completed. We will have cash flow. We will have the ability to get a loan that’s not a construction loan, so you can work with the agencies and so on. And so you are in a much safer position on those DCP type transactions, but it’s still been too early, but some additional conversations have been had.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Okay. Thank you and back to hear you Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rob Stevenson with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Stevenson: Good afternoon. How are you guys thinking about the regulatory environment where the industry’s lobbying time and money needs to be targeted over the next few years? You have got rent control, DOJ going after RealPage, tax is increasing everywhere and the potential for re-imposing eviction moratoriums. How are you guys thinking about this? And what’s most important, where are you targeting most of your efforts and prodding the industry to target theirs?
Chris Van Ens: Hey Rob, it’s Chris. Yes, that’s a really good question. I would say we are fighting on a lot of fronts. You mentioned rent control initiatives, right. We see those in six states or seven states thus far in the 2023 legislative sessions. We are still coming off COVID restrictions, whether that’s eviction moratoriums, couple of holdouts out there, eviction diversion programs, etcetera. And we are working with our trade groups, right. So, the California Apartment Association, places in Maryland, Florida Apartment Association, all that kind of stuff. And we are giving money. I would say rent control is obviously a top priority. The proposition to get rid of Costa-Hawkins in 2024 in California is going to be a top priority, and then everything else. As you think about just cause eviction rules, fee limitations, longer rent increase notice periods, all that kind of stuff that we are seeing, which are going against landlords right now, we are working through, but those are probably lower priorities. So, most of our dollars are once again to go and go are those kind of top one, two, three things, and we are going to be working with the major trade groups to, not only fight the measures, but educate legislators on what a better solution is, right. It should be a supply-based solution. So, that’s kind of where we are working right now.
Rob Stevenson: And what do you guys – sorry.
Thomas Toomey: That’s alright. That is the correct answer, Chris gave, but I want to emphasize the education piece because California, I mean the capital right now of a regulatory landscape that’s all over the place. You actually go to the cities next door that aren’t proposing these and they embrace the idea that new development, new housing stock is a great way to enhance their city. And you take those cities as examples. I mean Huntington Beach, which we have been at for 10-plus years now, it has turned out to be a great city with a refreshed stock and competes very nicely against Newport, which is just the opposite. And so we think the best long-term path is, these cities that are embracing new supply, new product, particularly ESG focused, are going to realize the only way to solve their long-term housing and ESG directives is by opening up the development windows. And we are going to have good conversations along that corridor with a lot of people, and we are seeing responsiveness. And so we are well our capital flow, where those opportunities are embraced.
Rob Stevenson: And I guess the one sort of numerical question, how much when you take a look at it, did you guys lose from the eviction moratoriums dollar-wise or percentage of rent? And if those get re-imposed if job loss is mount, how big of an issue is that going forward in a tougher rental rate environment?
Thomas Toomey: My response would be a lot, but I don’t know the number.
Joe Fisher: Hey Rob, it’s Joe. I do have to know the numbers. So, the write-offs that we had throughout that period of time, we are probably right around $60 million in terms of total write-offs as we came through 2021, ‘22 and even here into ‘23. So, we have seen fairly elevated numbers on that front. That said, I mean it sounds like a big dollar amount, but put it in perspective on $1.6 billion of annual revenue. We are collecting 98.5% of the rents that we are billing. So, we are maybe off 100 basis points from where we would have been at pre-COVID. So, therein lies the opportunity to the extent that eviction moratoriums or diversion programs come off over time. We don’t expect it to. We don’t think we are going to recapture that 100 basis points near-term, but we don’t see a material downside either.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Connor Mitchell with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Connor Mitchell: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. Regarding the D.C. market, the government workers are still working from home. So, could you just comment on how that’s affecting the apartment demand?
Mike Lacy: Yes. D.C. is, obviously, it’s a big market for us. It’s right around 15% of our NOI. I will tell you what we are expecting to see as people start to return to office, hopefully, here in May timeframe. Over the next few weeks, given it’s a 60-day market, we do expect demand to start to pick up a little bit. What we are seeing today just on the floor is concessions a little bit in the 14th Street corridor out in the suburbs, very minimal concession activity. So, again, once people start coming back to the office a little bit more, we think D.C. has some likes to grow and could be a pretty strong market for us in 2023.
Connor Mitchell: Appreciate that. And then my second question, with the increased attention on EV fires [ph], could you guys just put some color on how you are going about upgrading your fire suppression systems, in the garage? Just since EV fires use a lot more water than the average fire?
Joe Fisher: Yes. That may be one to take offline. So, we do have a pretty robust EV rollout program working within our redevelopment team. And so between electrical load, fire suppression, etcetera, you are right, it is a pretty decent cost relative to the ROI that you receive on those. But maybe you wanted to take offline if you want to follow-up, and we can get to our experts in that space to talk you through it?
Connor Mitchell: Yes, appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Powell: Hi. Good afternoon. Question about how you see your Sunbelt markets progressing this year. Are you seeing good trends there, good demand trends? And could you expect Tampa, Orlando, Nashville and Dallas to see positive new lease spreads in 2023?
Mike Lacy: Hey Anthony, what we are seeing with the Sunbelt today is market rents as well as our loss leases a little bit lower to start the year. That being said, we do expect with seasonality and as we return to just a more normal period of time, market rents will increase as we move forward. But as we started the year off, it’s a little bit lower than what we are seeing on the coastal side of the house.
Anthony Powell: Got it. Thanks. And maybe one just a general question, I think you said your loss lease was increasing in February, traffic trends improved January, February. Doesn’t that suggest that demand may be stronger than people are expecting across the board this year? It seems like things are loosening up across the nation. And how does that impact your overall macro view for the year?
Mike Lacy: Yes, Anthony, I would tell you, we are cautiously optimistic. And a lot of that over the last few weeks has really shown more strength. I will tell you, the start of the year, the first two weeks of January, it was pretty slow. Demand was slow. It typically is given the holidays. But we are hopeful that what we are experiencing over the last few weeks is a trend, and something we will continue to see as we move forward. And obviously, the leasing season is just around the corner. We will have a lot more to talk about here at the Citi Conference as well as we get into 2Q, if you will.
Anthony Powell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Tayo Okusanya: Hi. Good afternoon. Congrats on the quarter on the solid outlook. Just on the OpEx side, just given that your same-store OpEx growth forecast is pretty much, much lower than most of your peers. I get some of the operational efficiencies you guys are working on. But curious, on the real estate side as well, you only had 2.7% year-over-year growth in ‘21 – as in ‘22, sorry, on any in ‘23, you are kind of forecasting that growth just below 5%, which again seems much lower than your peers. So, I am just trying to understand what’s driving that? Is it you guys just challenging a whole bunch of appraisals, or how do we kind of think through that on the real estate side?
Joe Fisher: Hey Tayo, it’s Joe. So, I would say starting off when you look at what we know today, we actually already know about 40% of our taxes for the year. And so you start to get a pretty good read at this point. And we have an in-house team, but they are also working with consultants in the field. We do challenge or appeal probably about 50% of those on a yearly basis that are available for appeal. When you look at the markets, Mike mentioned earlier, Sunbelt is kind of in that 5% to 10% range is the range that we have factored into expectations at this point. So, we saw more pressure in 2022 as you look through our Texas and Florida markets. We expect that to continue, just given the phenomenal growth that they saw over the last couple of years and the fact that, typically, you are in a little bit of a lag basis. So, even though NOI growth has been a little less proficient this year and valuations with cap rates moving up may have come down a little bit, that’s more of a lagged impact that maybe you see in ‘24. When you get to the coast with Prop 13, you are capped at 2% there for about 30% of our portfolio. So, then that just leaves Seattle plus New York, Boston, D.C., which are actually generally on fiscal years. So, we are right now six months of the growth rate there. So, net-net, it gets us to about a 5% impact for real estate tax for the year.
Tayo Okusanya: Got it. Thank you.
Joe Fisher: Thanks Tayo.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey, for any closing comments.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, operator and thanks to all of you for your time, interest and support. Clearly, we remain very enthusiastic about the apartment business and believe the industry has a variety of tailwinds that should lead to another very strong year in 2023. And UDR’s operating capital allocation and innovation advantages should deliver relative outperformance. With that, we look forward to seeing many of you in future non-deal roadshows as well as the Citi Conference. And with that, take care.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to UDR’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Senior Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you. You may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR’s quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR’s Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent and welcome to UDR’s third quarter 2022 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy; and President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher, who will discuss our results. Senior Officers, Andrew Cantor; and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. To begin, we continue to see exceptional results and are in a healthy multifamily operating environment. Highlights of the third quarter include the following: sequential same-store revenue growth of nearly 5%; year-over-year, same-store revenue grew almost 13% and NOI was nearly 16% higher. And we continue to capture additional accretion from our 2021 acquisitions. These results translated into 18% year-over-year growth in FFOA per share and drove our third guidance raise this year, which Mike and Joe will discuss in further detail. To-date, the financial health of our resident has remained strong. Employment growth continues to demonstrate resiliency. Wage growth remains robust. Traffic is healthy. Rent-to-income levels of incoming residents, has not deteriorated. Cash collections continue to improve. Concessions are almost nonexistent across the portfolio and the regulatory environment has been stabilizing. These factors, combined with our favorable relative affordable versus alternative housing options and reasonable new supply expectations create a positive near-term outlook for multifamily. In short, Main Street has shown incredible resiliency. Moving on. All-in, we continue to believe UDR is well equipped to manage whatever macro environment we face based upon what we know right now and what we can control. First, our customer remains financially sound. Second, our jump-off point for 2023 has never been better as our same-store revenue earn-in is roughly 5% is effectively locked in at this point. Third, our continued focus on innovation and culture should continue to enhance our margin growth. Fourth, prior FFOA per share headwinds like development and lease-ups become tailwinds in 2023. And last, our balance sheet remains highly liquid with over $1 billion of capacity. That said, we are fully aware of growing concerns over where the macro environment is trending and the challenges our business could face moving forward. Two areas to highlight include: first, elevated inflation. We like most every business are feeling the impact of inflation across our expense structure. Thus far, we have been able to pass these costs on to our residents in relatively short order given our standard 12-month lease structure. Specific to the third quarter, a portion of our elevated expense growth was anticipated as we continue to push rental rate growth, which resulted in higher turnover and elevated repair and maintenance cost. However, building a better 2023 rent roll at the expense of short-term cost pressures is the value of creating trade for a 70% margin business like ours. And second, our cost of capital. Our cost of capital has increased materially since the first quarter. As such, we pivoted to a capital-light strategy and pared back opportunistic external growth. Our balance sheet remains fully capable of supporting all planned capital uses and with less than 2% of consolidated debt maturing over the next 3 years, our interest rate risk is minimal. Moving on, we continue to build on our position as a recognized global ESG leader with the publication of our fourth annual ESG report and a 5-star designation from GRESB, the highest ESG rating possible. Our GRESB survey score of 87 was the highest in our history and an achievement that all UDR stakeholders should be proud of. In closing, I remain optimistic on UDR’s future prospects. We have a highly talented experienced team with a track record of performance irrespective of the economic environment, combined with our culture that fosters collaboration and innovation mindsets. We will continue to advance UDR and our industry. To my fellow associates, I express my deepest gratitude for all that you do. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tom. To begin, strong sequential same-store revenue growth of 4.7% drove year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI growth of 12.7% and 15.5% on a straight-line basis. This was an acceleration of 150 and 110 basis points respectively compared to our second quarter results and were better than expected. Key components of these results and our demand drivers included: first, year-over-year effective blended lease rate growth remained firmly above historical norms at 13.1%. We traded a nominal amount of occupancy to achieve this rental rate growth, but also improved our 2023 rent roll and locked in more of our approximately 5% 2023 earning. This will be the highest earned in our history by at least 200 basis points. Second, our in-place residents are increasingly paying rent on time. Collection rates improved sequentially in the third quarter and the number of long-term delinquent residents in our portfolio continued to decline, which reduced our bad debt reserve and accounts receivable balances. Third, portfolio-wide rent-to-income ratios remain consistent with history in the low 20% range. Employment and wage growth remains strong and we have seen no evidence to-date of residents choosing to double up. Fourth, traffic and applications remain above typical seasonal level, allowing us to continue to push rate growth. Fifth, concessions are de minimis across our portfolio, with exceptions being 1 to 2 weeks on average in specific submarkets of San Francisco, Washington, D.C. and Boston. And last, due to rising mortgage rates, renting an apartment is approximately 50% less expensive than owning a home versus 35% less expensive pre-COVID. During the third quarter, only 7% of residents that moved out did so to purchase a home. This is the lowest level we have seen and is 35% lower compared to a year ago. In total, we believe demand for apartments remains broad-based. We continue to monitor the financial health of our residents for signs of potential distress across our portfolio. But the U.S. consumer and our residents have proven resilient thus far and we have yet to see any meaningful cracks in our forward demand indicators. Moving on to expenses, quarterly same-store expenses rose 7.2% on a year-over-year basis. While this is higher than usual, our margin continues to expand as we operate a 70% plus margin business. Some of this expense growth was in our control, while the remainder was not. First, what was in our control? We continue to push rent growth, which resulted in 450 more unit turns than a year ago. Positively, we re-leased these homes at 22% higher average effective rate or 900 basis points above our average renewal rate for the quarter. In addition, we regained 200 homes from long-term non-payers. Combined, this negatively impacted R&M and A&M during the quarter by $1.6 million, which should generate approximately $7 million in incremental revenue over the next 12 months. Had we not made these trades, our year-over-year same-store expense growth would have been approximately 5.7%. Utilities also contributed to our above-trend growth as energy costs increased. However, as we are typically reimbursed by residents for approximately 70% of this line item, same-store NOI was not meaningfully impacted. Next, what we cannot control. Higher real estate taxes, which comprise 40% of all expenses, grew by over 5%. Pressure points consisted of Texas and Florida where valuations increased and New York City, where the burn-off of our 421 abatement continues. Insurance, which is a relatively small expense for us, also increased dramatically due to higher premiums and claims. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we saw the return of typical seasonality in market rents after Labor Day. This factor, combined with our pricing strategy to drive rate growth drove a quicker capture of our loss to lease. For October, blended lease rate growth is expected to be roughly 7% to 8%, comprised of new lease rate growth of 4.5% to 5% and renewals of approximately 10%. For the fourth quarter, we expect blended lease rate growth to average 6% to 7% with the sequential deceleration due to toughening year-over-year comps. Taken together, we increased our full year 2022 same-store revenue and NOI guidance ranges for the third time this year in conjunction with our release yesterday. We now expect to achieve 2022 same-store revenue and NOI growth of 11.5% and 14.4% at the midpoint on a straight line basis or an increase of 50 basis points and 38 basis points respectively. Finally, we are continuing to drive forward on innovation with the intent of further expanding our 325 basis point controllable operating margin advantage versus peers. Initiatives underway are expected to generate roughly $40 million in incremental NOI by year end 2025 and will be increasingly focused on revenue upside versus expense controls. These include: first, launching building-wide WiFi that allows whole building connectivity, a seamless setup at move-in for new residents and enhanced control over smart hubs to reduce energy consumption and improve Scope 3 emissions. UDR has made a capital investment in equipment, which provides improved economics and more control over the scope of the project versus traditional bulk deals. We believe this initiative could generate more than $20 million in the incremental NOI once fully rolled out by 2025. Second, leveraging advanced resident leads and virtual leasing technology to better generate qualified leads and track prospects, optimize marketing activities, close leases faster and enhance real-time pricing. Third, simplifying our move-in process to reduce vacant days while simultaneously offering a better tool to sell other income initiatives, such as renters insurance, parking and storage thereby increasing our share of wallet. Fourth, improving our dynamic work order scheduling through enhanced vendor management tools, which should reduce vacant days through the turn process, while improving asset management to better assess the repair first replace decision. And fifth, expanding the number of communities we are able to operate without dedicated onsite personnel from 25 today to 35 over the next 12 months. This approach, whereby leasing and resident services activities conducted virtually improves our margin and helps mitigate inflationary costs. Today, we have increased the number of apartment homes managed per associate by 60% versus pre-COVID levels. Last, a special thanks goes out to all our teams for their ongoing dedication, but especially our teams in Tampa and Orlando. Natural disasters, especially those of magnitude of Hurricane Ian are unpredictable. And I applaud your round-the-clock efforts to safeguard our communities, protect our residents and return our properties to normal operations. And now, I will turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our third quarter results and our updated outlook for full year 2022, a summary of recent transactions in the capital markets activity and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Our third quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.60 achieved the high end of our previously provided guidance range and was driven by strong same-store revenue growth and further accretion from our 2021 acquisitions. For the fourth quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.60 to $0.62 or a 2% sequential and a 13% year-over-year increase at the midpoint. This is supported by continued strength in sequential same-store NOI growth, partially offset by increased interest expense given rising rates. These same drivers led us to increase our full year 2022 FFOA per share and same-store guidance ranges for the third time this year. We now anticipate full year FFOA per share of $2.32 to $2.34 with the $2.33 midpoint, representing a $0.02 or 1% increase versus our prior full year guidance and a 16% increase versus full year 2021. The guidance increase is driven by and approximately $0.02 benefit from improved NOI and an approximately $0.05 benefit from lower G&A offset by approximately $0.05 of higher interest expense. Next, the transactions and capital markets update. First, in alignment with our shift towards our capital-light strategy earlier in 2022, our third quarter external growth consisted solely of the previously announced $102 million DCP investment into a portfolio of stabilized communities at an 8% return. Because recapitalizations of stabilized assets have lower risk profiles, this is a relatively lower return versus our typical DCP investment. We funded this investment with $100 million of proceeds from the settlement of approximately 1.8 million shares under our previously announced forward equity agreements. Next, during and subsequent to the quarter, we repurchased a total of 1.2 million common shares at a weighted average price of $41.14 per share for a total consideration of approximately $49 million. These buybacks were executed at an average discount to consensus NAV of 24% and a high 5% implied cap rate, representing a very accretive use of capital. Finally, during the quarter, we entered into an agreement to sell 1 community in Orange County, California for approximately $42 million. This transaction is scheduled to close during the fourth quarter. Speaking more broadly to the transaction market, pricing on the majority of multifamily transactions suggest cap rates are priced 75 to 100 basis points higher than at the beginning of the year, depending on market and asset quality. However, volume has been lighter than expected, so additional price discovery is needed. All told, the ongoing volatility in the macro environment and an elevated cost of capital relative to earlier in 2022, keep us selective in our capital deployment. We are fortunate to have a variety of external growth levers we can continue to pull to create value and drive earnings accretion. Finally, our investment grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first, we have only $115 million of consolidated debt or approximately 0.5% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2024 after excluding amounts on our credit facilities and our commercial paper program. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best 3-year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 3.1%. Second, we have $1.1 billion of liquidity as of September 30, which is comprised of approximately $900 million of capacity on our line of credit and nearly $200 million of unsettled forward equity agreements, providing us ample dry powder and strength. Third, our leverage metrics continue to improve. Debt to enterprise value was just 29% at quarter end, while net debt-to-EBITDAre was 6x, down more than a full turn from 7.1x a year ago. We expect year-end debt-to-EBITDAre and fixed charge coverage will further improve to the mid-5x range given our capital-light external growth strategy and continued NOI growth. By year end 2022, both metrics should be approximately 0.5 turn better versus pre-COVID levels. Last, our approximately $370 million of developments in lease-up have been a drag on 2022 earnings, but are expected to benefit future earnings by approximately $0.05 per share based on a 6.5% weighted average stabilized yield. Stabilization of these developments should improve our run-rate EBITDA and further enhance our leverage metrics. Taken together, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape. Our liquidity position is strong. Our forward sources and uses remain balanced and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to create value. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Joe, you talked about the cost of capital changing leverage trending down and the buybacks in the quarter and I guess in October as well. The stock is a bit below kind of the average cost you have been acquiring at. What’s the appetite and how would you think about funding additional share buybacks from here?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Nick. Thanks for the question. So yes, we did pivot a little bit as we move throughout the year, obviously. So with the equity issuance back at the end of 1Q up in the high-50s. And as cost of capital has changed and got price discovery has been occurring, we have pivoted over and shifted some of our development plans back into next year and then obviously shifted to the buyback. So – at this point in time, I wouldn’t say there is a set dollar target that we are going after. We do really like the economics in terms of discount to NAV, the implied cap up in kind of the high 5s at a pretty compelling IRR on that purchase. But we’re going to continue to monitor what’s going on in the macro environment, what’s taking place with our cost of capital and the price of the stock what’s going on with sources and uses. And I would say sources and uses in a pretty phenomenal place at this point, given we still have almost 200 of equity available that issuance in March, plus a disposition that we mentioned here that should close in the fourth quarter. Then free cash flow against a relatively small development commitment schedule. So we have the capacity. So we will kind of continue to monitor those factors, but no set target today.
Nick Joseph: Thanks, that’s helpful. And then just on the DCP program, how do you monitor the credit profile? And obviously, there was the default in the supplemental, but are there any changes or indications of additional stress in that portfolio?
Andrew Cantor: Nick, this is Andrew. We regularly interact with our different partners throughout the process. We’re getting regular reports from them. We have third-party consultants during the construction period. And so we’re regularly interacting with them. As it relates to 1532, we think this is unique to our DCP portfolio. It was the perfect storm. We had an early bankruptcy with one of the key subs followed by delays by other subs as well as COVID, which caused a 2-year delay of the delivery of that building. Between the delay and the COVID impacts, it added to the cost of the building and resulted in the senior loan interest in the pref accrual eating through the equity and the economics of the deal for the developer. So when the senior loan finally matured, we were in a situation where the developer was unable to refi due to the lower NOI, which resulted in the default and then we stepped in per the terms of the agreement and bought the loan from the bank. We’ve initiated foreclosure. The building leased up during a high, obviously, concessionary environment. Obviously, rents fell a lot in San Francisco. It’s one of the markets that was probably impacted the most by COVID. But overall, we feel comfortable with the portfolio that’s very diversified across all our DCP investments. It’s laddered. It’s across the country. And we see this as a one-off circumstance driven by delays by the development of the building and the COVID market of San Francisco. To date, we’ve done 27 deals over the last 9 years or almost $900 million. We monetized 12 of those for about $400 million with a weighted average unlevered IRR of 11% to 12%. So we’ve had great success, and we’ve been doing it for a long time.
Nick Joseph: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore.
Steve Sakwa: Thanks. Hi, good morning. I guess maybe I wanted to start with Mike on just operations. And it sounds like you’re still pushing pretty hard on rent increases and occupancy has been very strong. And just trying to get your thoughts on kind of some of the looming dark clouds and potential slowdown and reduction in job growth? I guess how do you think about a potential pivot? And what are the sort of early warning signs you’d be looking to take your foot off the gas on rent increases and focus more on occupancy?
Mike Lacy: Hey, Steve, that’s a great question. You’re right. We’ve been focused on this for a while now. in 2Q, 3Q really driving our too. As we move forward, we’re going to see a little bit more of the team increase going on that 9% to 10% range through December at this point. They feel like they are sticking. We’re not seeing a lot of negotiations at this point. The leverage will be on the market rent side, and we will see where that shakes out. So to your point on kind of those warning signs, I said in my prepared remarks, we see a lot of green lights still today. The one thing we’re watching that’s outside of that is just the cancel and denials. We have seen that increase a little bit. And that’s one of those warning signs that we will watch closely. But again, we’re seeing occupancy in that 96.5% to 97% range. So we feel comfortable about pushing right now. And we think that we have more tailwinds as we go into next year with that.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. And then maybe one for Joe on just thinking about cost of capital changing, obviously, stock prices are down, bond yields are up significantly. I’m just wondering how much have you changed your development hurdles on new deals that you might put a shovel on the ground on? I mean, how – I guess, how difficult is it to get a new deal to pencil in today’s market?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think there is still quite a bit of unknowns out there. Obviously, with price discovery taking place, in the prepared remarks, talked about cap rates being up maybe 75 to 100 basis points up into that plus or minus high 4s range. That’s kind of what we’re hearing today, but obviously, transaction volumes are off fairly materially. So I think we’re still going to go through a period of time here, we get price discovery. And so we really need that to settle out before you can start to look at development in terms of that typical 150 plus or minus basis points spread that we need. So at this point, I wouldn’t say we’ve pegged a required hurdle for development. We need the price discovery on transactions first. What we have done is, you’ve heard us talk about a $185 million development in Northern Virginia throughout the year. That’s a densification play. That was supposed to start here in the third quarter, but we’ve delayed the start of that pending evaluating cost of capital, price discovery, etcetera. So I don’t – I can’t say that we have a hurdle today other than we want to see where prices settle out.
Steve Sakwa: Great. That’s it. Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks, guys. So in the three markets that you’re seeing concessions, I guess, how broad-based are those? And is there anything that concerns you like slowing traffic, rising vacancy, etcetera, that would lead you to expect that concessions could increase further in those locations as we move later into the year or even into early next year?
Mike Lacy: Not as of right now, in those same markets are the ones we’ve mentioned previously. We’ve seen anywhere from 1 to 2 weeks on average across the board there. So it hasn’t really grown and it hasn’t shrunk. And again, occupancy is still in a great place, traffic still coming into those markets. And our blended growth rate, as you see in the supplement, still very high in those markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Got it. And then, Tom, maybe for you, I mean, you referenced a difficult macro backdrop that we’re operating in. And you guys have a really diversified portfolio across various regions and price points, submarket locations, etcetera. I’m just curious what segments of the portfolio you’re most concerned about in the current environment? Just any thoughts there would be appreciated?
Tom Toomey: Yes, Austin, I appreciate the question. When I was referring to macro, we tend to look at it in two lenses. One, what’s happening on Main Street with our residents. And Mike alluded earlier, we’re not seeing any cracks. In fact, we have a very healthy resident profile, no, if you will, of their credit, their quality, their payment patterns, they are doubling up, all of that. So Main Street seems very strong. And when you look at Mike’s blends in October, a 10 and a 5 on new and renewal is I would have taken that in my 30-year career, 29 years that would be a great number. So that side of the equation is really strong, and we will see how it really plays out. And that’s going to depend on employment. And we feel good about the employment picture looking down the horizon. With respect to the macro environment, the capital markets, obviously, the feds, the banks, everyone is trying to push down inflation with every tool they have got in the box, and they are going to succeed. And they are raising the cost of capital, you see our stock price, you see any other lending situation, all being challenged by that. And so, that’s out of our control. Participate in that market, observe it and it influences us. We don’t know where it’s going. And will rates continue to rise? Will they plateau? Will they succeed in bringing down inflation? And that’s going to be a lot of ‘23 as our dialogue on every one of the calls, every investor meeting will be what is the capital markets environment? It feels like a capital markets recession. Is it going to be shallow? Or is it going to be deep? How long it’s going to run? And no one really knows. I mean that is a case that will influence our capital-light program. I think we’ve positioned ourselves well there, and it will create opportunities. And so how do we pivot to those opportunities when they present themselves? And so we tend to think of it, what we control what we interact with and what opportunities we can generate. And you see it in our operating numbers, really strong, expect those to continue, and we will wait and see what cracks occur.
Austin Wurschmidt: Appreciate the thoughts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question. 
Dan Tricarico: This is Dan Tricarico with Nick. Good afternoon. Question on your renter profile, do you have a high level or a regional level breakdown of your tenants by occupation whether that’s tech finance, professional and other services? And any differences between your West Coast, East Coast and Sunbelt tenants?
Mike Lacy: Dan, we don’t have that. I don’t have it in front of me. Obviously, when somebody comes in, we get an idea of where they are coming from, but we don’t have that in an aggregated level at the market in front of me today.
Tom Toomey: But what you can say is our average resident is 34, 35 years old, so well in their career, probably have some financial acumen and capability to manage their expenses and income levels, what?
Joe Fisher: 1,000
Tom Toomey: So that’s not 10 years ago when we’re running the 25-year olds right out of college, and they are making 60. So they seem to be very durable during this. And still, when you look at banks and the information they are giving about spending, savings, credit, that part of our resident profile looks pretty strong.
Dan Tricarico: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. I just want to confirm, first, are you seeing any price sensitivity in any of your markets?
Mike Lacy: Hi, Jeff, I think when you think about the price sensitivity, first and foremost, what we’re seeing is seasonality. So you still have market rent in above last year’s levels. Sure in some markets, some already have some cracks here and there, and that’s where we see some of these concessions popping up. But for the most part, it’s been pretty strong. I’ll tell you kind of fast forward and looking at 4Q versus 3Q, I do see a little bit more of a decel if you will, in the Sunbelt, and it’s just coming off of obviously very high numbers, still going to be very strong. And also right now, loss to lease is a little bit higher. Market rents are a little bit higher, maybe got a tailwind, if you will, going into next year.
Jeff Spector: Great, thank you. And then one follow-up for Joe on your comment on cap rates up 75 to 100 bps. And again, I appreciate the comment that we need more transactions for price discovery. But I guess where do you think values are then? Where – how much are value down, do you think, let’s say, versus peak pricing at the beginning of the year?
Joe Fisher: Yes. versus peak pricing, you’re probably 10% to 20%. It’s going to really depend on which type of asset and market, right? So there were some more high flied markets. We got very compressed from a cap rate perspective. Really based on forward growth potential. So more of the Sunbelt markets that have probably come off a little bit more. You also have more of the B and C kind of levered asset play that’s come off a little bit more. And then you have some unique circumstances where maybe you have in-place debt that’s assumable where that asset price hasn’t moved as much. So I think 10% to 20% for the time being is a fair range to utilize.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you.
Joe Fisher: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets.
Brad Heffern: Hi, everybody. I appreciate some of the detail you gave on the 1532 default already. I was just curious, it’s a little difficult to exactly what the outcome is with that asset. Is this still sort of a good outcome from the standpoint of you’re able to buy the loan at a discount and you’re sort of getting access to this building lower replacement cost? Or can you walk me through any of the math on how you expect that to turn out?
Joe Fisher: Yes. So just a little bit on the process first, Brad, in terms of the outcome because the outcome isn’t necessarily certain yet, right? We’ve – we purchased the senior loan. We intend to move forward with the foreclosure process, but it’s expected in 1Q ‘23. So the outcome isn’t necessarily certain. What I would say is that from an economics perspective, when you look at replacement cost for this asset, our basis is probably plus or minus $87 million which equates to about 640 of the door. Replacement costs is well in excess of 100 given development costs today, so up and prior the 800 plus or minus range. So relative to replacement cost, a very good outcome. From a yield perspective, the yield on our cash basis is probably in the mid-4s based off that basis on a fully accrued basis, including the good pref somewhere in the mid-3s. But I’d say that the submarket runs here still 10% plus below where they are at pre-COVID. So we still think there is room to run on that front. You have a market with quite a bit of a decrease in supply coming at you. So less supply pressures going forward and then you’re just coming through the lease-up phase, so we’ve got to burn off a lot of those concessions. So should be pretty good growth on a go-forward basis.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thanks for that. And sorry if I missed this, did you guys give a loss to lease figure?
Mike Lacy: We do not. So right now, as you can tell, obviously, with our strategy, it’s been our intention all along to try to drive this down, right? And right now, we’re sitting in that low to mid-single digits. And again, this can fluctuate quite a bit over the next couple of months. But again, our intention is to continue to drive this down. Obviously, builds our earn-in for next year. You can see it in our blends today. You’re going to see more of that as we move forward.
Tom Toomey: Brad, this is Tom. I would emphasize the tie a couple of things together. I mean, Mike has done a fabulous job with respect to capturing the market rent that’s there. And you can see it in our numbers on a sequential basis with 4% – almost 5% revenue growth; second, nomination in the occupancy. So it was just trying to roll the rent roll up as strong as possible for ‘23. And when you walk into ‘23 and say, 5% already booked, we feel like we’re in a really good, strong position into that ‘23 window of no issues with the resident choosing the capital markets, yes.
Brad Heffern: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Kramer: Hi, guys. Appreciate the question. I just wanted to first ask, one of your peers put out a 2% market rent growth forecast for 2023, recognize that you guys clearly aren’t guiding here, but I’d love to just kind of hear your thoughts about that 2% rent growth forecast for ‘23? Obviously, you guys have had different markets than that peer. Would love to just hear your thoughts about kind of that number and how that kind of seems given your portfolio?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think all we can really speak to is what we’re seeing today. So I think to that last question on what are we seeing from blends and loss to lease and our earn-in perspective, I covered part of it. I think what’s important, too, is that decrease in blends is not coming from a decrease in underlying market rents. We’ve seen market rents continue to increase on a year-over-year basis, commensurate with historical averages. And historical averages being typically you see market rents grow 3% to 4% throughout the year. So recent trends and the strength of the consumer tells us that, that could continue. Now if you go into a recession, maybe you see a lower number. But I think going to continue to try to capture every dollar we can on that and try to drive that loss to lease lower and those blends higher. And then in the interim, we’re going to continue to focus on the innovation side. I think there is a lot that we can do there from a share of wallet or other income perspective as well as what we’re doing on vacant days and pricing engine to hopefully drive some above peer relative growth. So I think it’s too early to start talking 2023 forecast, but that gives you some of the building blocks that we see today.
Adam Kramer: That’s great, really helpful. And just on the occupancy side, I recognize and appreciate kind of the transparency, I think you guys have had in your strategy and kind of talking from me about pulling to sacrifice a lot of the occupancy to kind of maximizing store revenue growth. Look, 30 bps kind of occupancy decline quarter-over-quarter. I’d love to just kind of hear I guess kind of how much occupancy loss is too much, right? And kind of when does that strategy about kind of maximizing same-store rev in lieu of occupancy? When is that strategy maybe kind of shift, right? And kind of what would kind of be maybe an occupancy floor, but it kind of caused you to maybe shift and maximize occupancy a little bit more?
Mike Lacy: Sure. I think if you look at and you think about the fourth quarter, obviously, we have lower lease expirations. Right now, we have a little bit more ability to push it back up. So we got as low as around 96.6 to 96.7. I think you’ll see us hover between that 96.7 to 97 going forward through the fourth quarter, and we will have pricing power with that. Once you start going below 96.5 for us, it may cause a little bit of a pressure point. So we’re trying to avoid that. That being said, it’s how you get there, right? The way we think about it is our vacant days. If we’re a little bit more efficient on how we turn the units and moving people in faster, it shouldn’t really come at a cost on the rent side of the equation.
Tom Toomey: And Mike how much on Iraq [ph] relates to the long-term evictions in that the $700 million going down to...
Mike Lacy: Yes. That’s a great point, Tom. So you’ve heard us talk about some of the long-term delinquents in the past. We were upwards of around 750 of them. Now we’re closer to about 450. And historically speaking, we run between 200 and 250. So we’re about halfway to where we need to be, less than 1%.
Tom Toomey: And the benefit?
Joe Fisher: Yes, benefit over time. We made a comment in the press release about being increasing our collection expectation. So we picked that up about 15 basis points relative to prior expectations, continue to trend in the mid-98% collected relative to build revenue. Historical averages were 50 basis points of bad debt. So there is 100 basis points total to go after. I think realistically, we’re looking at maybe half of that as a possibility given some of the rules and regulations that have been put in place by different municipalities, primarily on the coast.
Adam Kramer: Thanks for all the color, really appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street.
John Pawlowski: Thanks. Andrew, I wanted to go back to your opening comments on the DCP program. So just trying to get a sense for the strain and the debt service coverage across the rest of the DCP book? Could you give us a sense in terms of the watch list of ongoing projects if rates stay where they are today or even and chop a little bit, are there going to be other shoes to drop?
Andrew Cantor: John, I think it’s too early to say at this point. So Andrew mentioned the well ladder maturity profile that we have within these deals. And so there is only a couple of deals coming up to maturity in the next 12 months. And so over the next couple of quarters, we will see how they approach the disposition versus refi process. I know they will probably kick that off in the next quarter or two. And so we will wait and see how that develops. But right now, I can say nothing in default. The way we originally underwrite these, we make sure that we underwrite in a stress scenario in terms of asset value as well as coverage ratios to make sure to account for some variability. Obviously, rates today much higher than where they were at 12 months ago, I think 6 months from now, we could be in a very different environment as well. So all I can kind of speak to today is no issues today, and we will continue to monitor and work with the equity partners.
John Pawlowski: Okay. And then just in terms of broader market trends in terms of inbound deal flow from people not able to line up particularly on the capitalization – recapitalization side, financing? Or are you guys seeing a meaningful increase in inbound deal volume?
Andrew Cantor: Hey John, it’s Andrew. Yes, we are definitely seeing an increase in the number of both developers looking to capitalize their deals as a result of lower proceeds from the bank and as well recapping completed development deals in the market. And as you know, we have taken advantage of a few of those deals. But right now, with our capital like we are doing a lot of review of those deals, but haven’t put out any term sheets, but we continue to be monitoring the market.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Great. Last one for me, apologies. Mike, just quickly, 3.5% new lease growth in Seattle, anything unusual this quarter, or has that market become a lot softer?
Mike Lacy: John, that’s a good question. I don’t think it’s become that much softer, but we are also inflated with our exposure there. So, I can tell you John, still feels very strong for us. The one thing that does stand out is we had some shorter term kind of interns that were leaving the market. So, we had a little bit more exposure over the last 30 days to 45 days, and we have since re-priced those. So, I think some of that’s just a short-term to long-term lease phenomenon. But the market today for us feels pretty good.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chandni Luthra with Goldman Sachs.
Chandni Luthra: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. As we think about the back half – your back half expenses and compare that to what you provided in September, how much of the delta from that update would you say was a surprise?
Joe Fisher: It is probably – we had talked about being above 5% in the back half of the year. Yes, we were above 7% here in the quarter. I think when we get into 4Q, we will be back into that 5% plus or minus range. You are kind of talking about 6% blend versus our prior commentary above 5%.
Chandni Luthra: That’s right.
Joe Fisher: Yes. So, you are really looking at about 1%, probably half that being more surprised. Some of that’s due to the success we are having from a – both eviction [ph] process and moving out some of those long-term delinquents. So, that’s been driving up some of our turnover as well as the cost to turn those units. In addition, you got higher utilities and R&M coming through. So, a little bit, probably half of that was a surprise.
Mike Lacy: Yes. And I would say just to size that, you have about $100 million in the quarter in expenses. So, 1%, it’s only $1 million for us. Some of it, frankly, was just surprises on the insurance side. We do still have some plans on that side of the house as well. But about $1 million is equal to 1%.
Tom Toomey: Chandni, this is Tom. I appreciate the question. My perspective on this is it’s actually a good thing. Why, because I am getting 200-plus units that were zero income to me. So, that’s $6 million a year. I got those units back during the quarter in a window that I could lease them at. And the cost was $1 million in higher repair and maintenance type aspect of it. So, it’s a pleasant surprise for us to spend $1 million, turn the unit and turn them back into $6 million revenue for next year. And I will make that trade every day and have told Mike, just keep pressing, we would like to get that delinquent number down. Joe mentioned the long-term impact towards our AR reserve aspect. So, it’s a win situation for us. And I know a lot of people go expenses and inflation. Yes, we are fighting those, but I think the innovation that we have has a lot of avenues to beat the cost structure and hold it and contain it. And we do operate in a 75% margin business. So, it is more about the revenue potential of the organization and how we unleash that than all the expense containment aspects of it.
Chandni Luthra: Very helpful. I appreciate that detail. And as a follow-up, if you could provide any color in terms of what you are seeing from a supply standpoint in your coastal markets versus Sunbelt markets? Are there any markets that were you more any specific geographies, that would be very helpful.
Joe Fisher: I think as we look out to 2023 and beyond, a couple of comments. So, 2023, clearly a better line of sight. I would say, broadly speaking, more concern when you get into the Sunbelt markets. So, Sunbelt, depending on the market you are looking at, you could see growth in supply upwards of 30%-plus. So, somewhere above 3%-plus of stock in a number of those markets, be it the Austin, Nashville, Charlotte, Phoenix, some of those markets. And so definitely some concerns related to that. On the West Coast, we do see supply starting to come down. So, some of the markets like Northern California, I think supply comes down quite a bit. On the East Coast, New York seems to be coming down on a forward basis. And so near-term, a little bit of increased supply, although I would say our submarkets generally are about half of the overall market supply expectations, so feeling a little bit better there. I think when you get into the ‘24 and ‘25 picture, we do expect to start to see some of that supply come down. Given the financing market that exists today, the unknowns around where cap rates settle out and of course, cost inflation that we continue to see. We are seeing a lot of developers struggle to line up additional financing or equity partners to start new transactions. So, we would expect over the next 6 months to 12 months to start to see starts come down quite a bit. And so ‘24, ‘25 probably start to get a little bit better story on that front.
Chandni Luthra: Thank you. Appreciate the detail.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay with Baird.
Wes Golladay: Hey everyone. I just have more of a macro question. I probably want to look at Tom’s 30 years of experience. But what we are seeing with a lot of the tech stocks, a lot of the stock comp is not being where it was supposed to be. Would you expect any pressure to filter through with maybe a lag as we look into next year?
Tom Toomey: Well, that’s why I am in the apartment business. It’s a little bit simpler than trying to figure out the mapping of that type of dynamic. What I will tell you is I have gone through the tech rack. What we have is a completely different environment with respect to technology seeing a decade of everybody trying to figure out how to automate their businesses. And so I think that will continue. Those strong companies that are the core of the tech industry are amazingly strong and resilient. So, I don’t see, and I look at our experience for hiring tech people, they are going to find jobs and be paid very well. So, I don’t see that part of the exposure. I do worry a little bit about the homebuilding aspect, the construction and the financing markets weathering a capital markets-type recession. And we looked through our employment base – excuse me, our resident base. And I think Mike’s taken that into account when he is looking at his pricing and looking for cracks in that. So, hard for us to extrapolate the broader employment picture into our portfolio. All we can try to do is set around the room as we do each week and say, where do we think this thing is cracking, do we see anything and to be very, very transparent. We see no cracks in our resident in any shape or form at this time.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thank you for that. And then if we can go back to the DCP, you do have the new arm when you do the recapitalization. You obviously know some of these assets very well. Would you participate and recap your existing preferred equity loans if the developer didn’t had some equity, but not the full amount?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think we are always looking for opportunities to deploy capital accretively and on a risk-adjusted basis. So, if one o7f our existing equity partners comes to us and we like the economics and the risk we would absolutely participate on a go-forward basis with a recap either within our existing position or into even more of a senior loan format. So, it’s something we would consider, but at this point in time, there is really nothing on the table that – in terms of the upcoming maturities to speak to.
Tom Toomey: I would add the color on that. I think Harry and Andrew have been very, very transparent and clear. We have always looked at the asset and said, boy, is it one close to ours, is it an asset that makes sense someday, if it comes to market, we would love to buy it. And we will still continue to do that and believe that, that is the right avenue to think about these. It’s just another avenue of investing in real estate that we know.
Wes Golladay: Great. Thank you for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Thanks for the time. I am curious on what the potential lead indicators looking back historically would be of seeing people begin to double up organic roommates. And just more broadly, thinking about some of the literature out there on how strong the housing market has been and the macro factors that have. Do you think that maybe we pulled forward some creation of households because of the pandemic and some of the unique dynamics there that maybe normalizes over the next couple of years here, or what’s your guys view on just general household creation?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think it’s fair to say that pandemic did pull forward some of the household formation demand. It also pulled forward a little bit of a shift into single-family over multifamily. And so single-family clearly had a tailwind at their back for the last 24 months relative to multi. That’s part of the reason you have that pretty large disconnect between cost to own versus cost of rent. I think what we are seeing now today, and you definitely see it within our move-out stats. Our move-outs to buy are down roughly 35% going from kind of low-double digits into mid to high-single digits now at this point. So, we are seeing it in terms of our turnover stats. I think we are shifting back more towards a rentership society. So, homeownership rate should stay steady and/or come down, which obviously benefits us in terms of more demand from any incremental household formation. And so I think we are good on that front. That’s one of the tailwinds we have going into next year. And then just coming back to the consumer, I think you are talking about some of the warning signs of things we are looking at. And when we see traffic still up on a 10% on a year-over-year basis, we see cash collections in the month continuing to improve even here in October, and we are not dependent on government assistance on a go-forward basis. Those are residents that are actually paying that rent on time. And so cash collections are looking better. You are not seeing the doubling up. So, overall, really not seeing those cracks. And ultimately, I think household formation probably benefits us on the rentership side a little bit more.
Juan Sanabria: And then just a quick follow-up on property taxes. Some surprises in some of your broader resi peers about what we are seeing in some of the Sunbelt markets. Any sense of what we could expect in ‘23 even some of the appraisals will lag, what’s going on in home prices generally and what we should be thinking about?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I would say number one, we aren’t necessarily immune to some of those surprises, but the diversification that we have in the portfolio obviously insulates us. So, when you look at some of the expense growth that we have had in our Sunbelt markets that is being driven primarily in Florida and Texas by the real estate taxes increasing as well as seeing higher turnover in those markets. So, we are seeing it this year and still expect to see it next year. I think when we look at preliminary outlook for next year on real estate tax, we are looking at plus or minus 5% overall. That’s going to be lower when you go out to California with Prop 13 and then go to the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast where we expect kind of low to mid-single digits. When you get down into our Sunbelt markets, I think you are going to be looking at high-single digits to low-double digits for markets like Florida and Texas and Nashville for us.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey. Good morning out there. First, I guess is a follow-up on bad debt. We have seen a number of your peers report an uptick in the third quarter. Some of the bad debts taking a bit longer to resolve, but you guys saw an improvement here. So, I guess I am curious what you are maybe seeing or doing differently? Are there any reasonable price point distinctions? And am I right to infer from your comments to an earlier question that you expect that improvement next year? Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hi Haendel. I will start and reverse on that one. So, we do expect improvement over time going from the mid-98% plus or minus collected on billed revenue. I can’t say necessarily is that going to occur next year. I think on the margin, it should because we are having success and whittling down those long-term delinquents. So, we have got a pretty active process on that of that excess kind of long-term delinquent we have today and say 75% of them are somewhere in the eviction process although eviction processes instead of being perhaps a 30 days to 60 days, in some cases, are more like four months to six months. And so we think we will continue to whittle that down and collections should improve and hopefully become more of a tailwind. In terms of the bad debt statistics, I would say sequentially within that 4. 7% sequential revenue number, maybe a slight positive, i.e., 10 bp to 20 basis points, but not a big tailwind. So, our collections are getting better in the quarter, in the month, but we don’t really have that much volatility. I think we talked about it last quarter, the way we approach bad debt reserves. We do try to be pretty specific in terms of estimating what we think collections are ultimately going to be on each resident. I think we have done a very good job of doing that. So, we have eliminated a lot of that volatility of when the cash comes in as a surprise or when it doesn’t, it’s a surprise negative. I think we have been pretty spot on in how we have been able to evaluate bad debt and forecast that.
Haendel St. Juste: Thanks. That’s all I had.
Joe Fisher: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes. Good morning out there. Just sticking to the world of technology, any update on kind of PropTech initiatives at the company in order to try to reduce operating expenses going forward, especially just kind of given general operating expense headwinds?
Mike Lacy: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think probably the biggest one and one we are most excited about is just becoming a little bit more efficient as it relates to maintenance. So, we do have some technology that’s going into place here in the very near future. It does allow us a little bit more visibility into decisions around repair versus replace should allow us to turn the units a little bit quicker. We will have more visibility into what our vendors are doing. They will have more visibility into what we are doing. So, we think that we can compress our time that it takes to turn a unit just knowing when they are coming in, how we can schedule a little bit more efficiently, and again, driving down those vacant days. So, that’s probably the biggest one aside from that, just given what we have rolled out previously and you have heard us talk about it, we have 25 properties today that are unmanned. We do plan on taking that closer to 35. And again, a lot of that has to do with some of the technology that we have already put in place.
Tayo Okusanya: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities.
Neil Malkin: Thanks. First one, Mike, you talked about, I think that’s $40 million by 2025. It looks like half of that is the whole building smart system WiFi. But maybe can you talk about the other portions of that. What is the incremental of that – if you are at zero today or at the beginning of this year, what are you at, at the end of next year or ‘24? Should we assume like some sort of say, ramp up, or how do you see those things kind of playing out in terms of your operating performance?
Mike Lacy: That’s a good question, Neil. I think what you are going to see first and foremost, with the gig stream and the fact that we are rolling out the bulk Internet. That is something that’s going to take some time. So, we are currently rolling out about 10,000 apartment homes by the end of this year. We expect another 15,000 by the end of next year and then the rest of the portfolio in 2024. So, it does take a little bit of time to start seeing that revenue roll through. We do expect that will be a run rate $20 million when it’s all said in one. And so that’s the biggest one. Aside from that, I just spoke a little bit about some of the technology we are putting in place that will help us with the efficiency around turns. That will help out. We are continuing to find ways to do a better job with our pricing, obviously, going out there and creating more of those buyers or shoppers, if you will. A lot of efforts going in there and then obviously, our customer experience project, we are very excited about that. The data that’s going to come from that. And then obviously, where that transpires, a lot of that’s going to come in 2023 on the revenue side, followed up with 2024 with another chunk of that money coming out at us.
Joe Fisher: Neil, just to size the numbers real quick for you. Of that $40 million associated with those over 60 projects, we have got about $6 million of that in the 2022 number that we have already been able to realize through the initiatives that we started over the last 12 months, 18 months. I think as you fast forward into ‘23, anywhere from $5 million to upwards of $10-plus million depending on some issues with the supply chain around our bulk Internet rollout as well as some other constraints, but we are moving as quickly as we can there. So, give you a range there. And then in ‘24 and ‘25, you will capture the rest of that number.
Neil Malkin: Yes. And you are saying another 5 to 10 potentially in ‘23, right? Is that what you are saying?
Joe Fisher: Correct. Yes, that’s correct.
Neil Malkin: Okay. Last one, I guess maybe Tom or really, whoever. A lot of supply coming in the Sunbelt, whatever and that’s been happening forever, demand killing it. So, I am sure it will be fine. But to that end, because there is a lot of supply that’s going to be coming and the debt market is uncertain, particularly more onerous terms or permanent financing. I am sure you guys are well aware of that. Do you see that as a potential opportunity to broaden your diversification or broaden your Sunbelt exposure?
Tom Toomey: I will take a cut at it. One, there is a lot there to assume and adjust for what will stabilize mortgage rates and proceeds stabilize out at. How much is that supply replacement cost and exposure towards the future. So, I think it’s going to be continue to monitor, see what comes to the market, how it prices out, but the days of 3.5 caps in the Sunbelt don’t see on the horizon anytime soon. They have moved up. And we will look, and as Joe has articulated many times and very well, we will monitor our cost of capital and look for accretive opportunities. And if they present themselves in the Sunbelt, that’s great. If they present themselves somewhere else, that’s great, too. We are just going to go where the best risk-adjusted returns are. And I think we will keep playing that growth [ph]. It works well.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think Neil, when you look at – we have talked about predictive analytics in the past, it’s pretty well diversified in terms of its buy-rated and an sell-rated markets today, meaning there are some Sunbelt markets, some East Coast and West Coast, it’s like as well as the inverse. There are some markets in each one of those regions that it does not like. As Tom said, cost of capital today is prohibitive in terms of deploying new. What we have done historically is obviously focused a lot more on that deal next store and what fits with our platform. And so as I think about near-term deployment, I would say our top three priorities at this point. We talked about one of them already with the stock buyback which is us buying into a diversified stabilized portfolio. The other two are really renovation, which you saw five additional renovations added to the portfolio. So, doing lower risk, small dollar, solid return investments on that front. And then you get into innovation, which Mike touched on. We are definitely blowing a lot of personnel resources as well as capital dollars into that part of the business. So, I think that’s the playbook for now to keep focusing on that. And hopefully, at some point, cost of capital comes back, and we can get back to external accretive growth.
Neil Malkin: That’s helpful. Thank you, guys.
Tom Toomey: Thanks Neil.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I would like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey, for closing comments.
End of Q&A:
Tom Toomey: Let me begin by thanking all of you for your time and interest in UDR. And I do want to be respectful. I know you have other calls to follow after this, but let me reiterate. Our strategy remains sound, and we will stick to it. We understand this current market environment has changed. And as you can see, we pivoted our tactics to adjust to it. We are very bullish about the apartment business and what we can control and have very good transparency and are doing – executing very well on that. We also recognize that the broader market has cycles and that those come and go. And you can take – see our tactics and our actions by refinancing the vast majority of our balance sheet at record low rates with very few maturities through ‘25. And that we have adjusted to a capital-light environment and accordingly, our underwriting to present day cost of capital and taking appropriate actions. With that, we do believe we have the right strategy and have a great outlook for the future, and we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in a couple of weeks. With that, take care.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to UDR's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Senior Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo, you may now begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In this supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made on this call which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR's second quarter 2022 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy; and President and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher, who will discuss our results. Senior Officers, Andrew Cantor and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Let's get started. We continue to be in the strongest operating environment I've seen over my tenure in the multifamily industry. This is largely driven by the strength of our customer, relative affordability among housing options and steady near-term supply. This, combined with ongoing accretion from our well-timed 2021 acquisitions and DCP activity, drove our strong quarterly results including a 16% year-over-year increase in FFOA and led to our second guidance raise this year. Still, we are aware of the underlying economic crosscurrents that support our business and how they may impact the results in the near term. We believe UDR is well equipped to manage this environment based on what we can control, specifically, first, our diversified portfolio as defined by geographic mix, portfolio quality and location within markets should provide some level of risk mitigation. Second, our ongoing innovation will continue to drive relatively better margin expansion and drive more accretive dollars to the bottom line, irrespective of the macro environment. Third, our anticipated 2023 revenue growth earn-in of 5% is about 4x the average earn-in over the past decade. Fourth, our balance sheet in excellent shape with plenty of capacity to invest in highly accretive opportunities. And last, compared to prior periods of economic uncertainty, we have a lower leverage profile, higher liquidity and minimal debt maturities over the next 3 years. While not in our direct control, there are also favorable conditions that are supportive of the multifamily industry, including: first, shelter is a necessity and multifamily rentals continue to screen incredibly cheap versus housing alternatives despite the exceptionally strong effective rent growth our industry continues to realize. And second, wage growth remains strong. Unemployment is historically low and employers may be less willing to lay off employees during a potential downturn given the ongoing challenges of finding skilled labor. All in, our growth prospects for the remainder of 2022 and into 2023 are very strong. These tailwinds, combined with our leading operational capabilities and innovation which Mike will further detail in his comments, should drive incremental margin expansion, higher resident satisfaction and more value from our real estate. Moving on, we continue to build on our position as a recognized global leader in ESG with the hiring of Patsy Doerr as UDR's Chief ESG and People Officer and our commitment to the science-based targeting initiative to reduce our carbon footprint. We are focused on continuing to be a leader on ESG. Furthermore, during the quarter, we appointed Joe Fisher to the role of President in addition to his responsibilities as CFO. Joe's promotion reflects his strong leadership and ability to consistently create incremental shareholder value. In closing, I remain very optimistic on the resiliency of the multifamily industry and know we have the right team in place to deliver best-in-class results. Moving forward, we will continue to base our decisions on data and adjust our tactics to maximize our competitive advantages while delivering value to our stakeholders. I thank all my fellow UDR associates for their effort to demonstrate on a daily basis. Your commitment and dedication to drive our innovation, culture and the success we enjoy together. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tom. To begin strong same-store cash revenue and NOI growth of 11.4% and 14.7% accelerated sequentially by 60 and 70 basis points and above our expectations. Key drivers of these results included: first, effective blended lease rate growth accelerated more than 300 basis points sequentially to 17.4%. This resulted from the differentiated pricing strategy we implemented earlier in the year, whereby we have traded 10 to 30 basis points of occupancy to drive rental rate growth and improve our 2023 rent roll. And second, annualized resident turnover ticked up year-over-year to 50% but of the 16% of residents that moved out because of rental rate increases, we re-leased those apartment homes at an average 30% higher effective rate. This enabled us to capture embedded loss to lease quicker than normal, highlighting our rationale for allowing turnover to increase. This approach of focusing on rental rate growth has maximized 2022 revenue growth and we anticipate a 2023 earn-in of 5%. This is the highest earning in our history. It's double our previous high which we achieved coming into 2022 and is nearly 4x the average earn-in over the past decade. As is clear from the regional results we reported, strength is broad-based. Sunbelt markets continue to demonstrate phenomenal growth, while West Coast markets such as Los Angeles and San Francisco as well as East Coast markets such as New York, were among our leaders in year-over-year growth. Currently, same-store revenue growth drivers remain robust. London lease rate growth is expected to be roughly 16% in July, with new lease rate growth of more than 17% and renewals of approximately 15%. While we expect tougher comps on new lease rate growth in August and in September due to the exceptionally strong results from a year ago, renewals have been sent out at and still a strong pace of 11% to 12% for these 2 months. July resident turnover is higher year-over-year given the loss to lease trade we've been willing to make but remains below historical seasonal averages. And occupancy remains high at just under 97%. Portfolio-wide market rent growth was 5.2% from January through June, the highest over at least the past decade and 120 basis points above historical norms. Looking ahead, we expect to see more seasonal market rent growth trends as we enter the back half of the year but the strong first half growth should continue to drive above average sequential growth through year-end. Moving on, we continue to assess the fiscal health of our in-place and prospective residents given the evolving inflationary environment. Thus far, our leading indicators continue to suggest durable strength in near-term fundamentals. First, income growth remains robust, resulting in portfolio-wide rent to income ratios in the low 20% range. Consistent with our historical ratios, We have not seen any material evidence of doubling up and residents who turned over have been backfilled with rents at higher rates. Second, our in-place residents are increasingly paying rent on time. Collection rates improved sequentially in the second quarter and long-term delinquents continued to decline. Third, traffic remains strong, enhanced by the larger funnel generated by our shift to a self-service business model. Fourth, concessions are virtually non-existent with the exception of 1 week on average in specific submarkets of San Francisco and Washington, D.C. And last, multifamily has become incrementally more affordable versus alternative housing options. It is now approximately 50% less expensive to rent than own across our portfolio versus 35% less expensive pre-COVID. During the second quarter, move-outs to buy a home was only 8%, the lowest level we have seen in over 10 years of tracking the statistic and 400 basis points below our historical average. These factors, along with having visibility on 85% of our full year rent roll, led us to meaningfully increase our full year 2022, same-store revenue and NOI guidance ranges for the second time this year. We now expect to achieve midpoint growth of 11% for same-store revenue and 14% for same-store NOI and on a straight-line basis. Relative to our prior full year 2022 outlook, the drivers of our improved guidance ranges are as follows: First, we expect full year effective blended lease rate growth of approximately 12% to 14% which is 300 basis points higher at the midpoint compared to our prior assumption from April. For the second half of 2022, we expect blended lease rate growth in the 10% to 12% range. Second, we continue to expect occupancy to remain stable at 97% plus or about flat year-over-year. And last, we expect controllable operating expense growth to be 3% to 4%. This is 50 basis points below that of our overall same-store expense growth guidance which we increased by 50 basis points at the midpoint, primarily due to the inflationary environment, higher resident turnover and higher associate compensation to retain capital. As indicated earlier in my remarks, we are now forecasting a 5% earn-in for 2023 based on these drivers which assumes market rent growth in the back half of 2022 follows a typical seasonal trend. Said differently, we would expect to achieve 5% same-store revenue growth in 2023 based on the leases we have already signed and expect to sign through year-end. Considering annual historical market rent growth averages 3% to 3.5%, we believe there is further upside to this number in '23, depending on the macroeconomic environment. That said, the forward regulatory environment remains a wildcard. Collections are incrementally improving and our long-term delinquent residents are slowly declining. But we are approaching the end of government assistance in many states and a macro hiccup could entice regulators to reinduce their COVID playbook in some areas. Our dedicated governmental affairs team remains closely in tune with any developments and we continue to work with our residents to find the right apartment home to match housing needs and economic realities. Finally, our ongoing innovation continues to drive attractive results and differentiation versus peers. Key foundational technologies such as smart home tech, software robotics, AI chatbots, proprietary self-guided tour and resident apps, spatial analysis heat maps and a unique data hub have already been integrated into our operating platform. These have improved staffing efficiencies at our communities by 40% and increased the number of apartment homes managed per employee by 60%, improved resident satisfaction by 25% and resulted in controllable operating margin advantage of 325 basis points versus public peers at a similar rental. Importantly, these foundational technologies have enabled more recent initiatives developed by our innovation team to move from concept to implementation more quickly. For example, it took us 3 years to capture the first $20 million of NOI upside from the rollout of our next gen platform. Since the beginning of 2022, we have identified an additional $40 million or an incremental 4% of NOI initiatives that we expect to capture by year-end 2025. Examples of these initiatives include building-wide WiFi, visitor parking, increasing the number of properties operate with no dedicated on-site personnel, improving our process to reduce vacant days and leveraging big data to make better pricing decisions. Above and beyond these, we continue to make progress on improving the resident experience which we anticipate will contribute far more NOI down the road through additional pricing engine optimization, better renewal forecasting and increasing our share of the resident wallet, amongst other initiatives. In closing, I'm excited about our operational trajectory. A big thanks for the ongoing hard work of my colleagues in the field and at corporate. We have plenty more to accomplish but your innovative and competitive spirit drives our continual growth and our desire to further improve how we conduct our business. And now, I'll turn over the call to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our second quarter results and our updated outlook for full year 2022, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Second quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.57 achieved the high end of our previously provided guidance range and was supported by strong same-store revenue growth and further accretion from our 2021 acquisitions. For the third quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.58 to $0.60 or an approximately 4% sequential increase and 16% year-over-year increase at the midpoint. This is supported by continued positive sequential same-store NOI growth and accretion from recent capital allocation activities, partially offset by increased interest expense, given recent changes in the yield curve and higher G&A to enhance innovation and retain talent. These same drivers led us to increase our full year 2022 FFOA and same-store guidance ranges for the second time this year. We now anticipate full year FFOA per share of $2.29 to $2.33. The $2.31 midpoint represents a $0.03 or an approximately 1.5% increase versus our prior full year guidance and a 15% increase versus full year 2021. The guidance range increase is driven by a $0.04 benefit from improved NOI and offset by approximately $0.05 [ph] each from higher interest expense and increased G&A. For same-store guidance, we have increased our full year revenue and NOI growth ranges by 125 basis points and 150 basis points, respectively, to 10.5% to 11.5% and 13.25% to 14.75% on a straight-line basis. In addition, we have lowered our capital uses by approximately $240 million for the year as we have proactively reduced our net deployment strategy and pivoted away from acquisitions and towards higher risk-adjusted return land acquisitions and DCP investments. While these investments represent smaller dollar amounts versus traditional acquisitions, they present the opportunity for future value creation, while preserving balance sheet strength. DCP investments often provide us with optionality around future purchase, while land purchases allow for gradual funding of development starts and implementing value-creation mechanisms on our preferred timeline. Other guidance details are available on Attachments 14 and 15 (D) of our supplements. Next, a transactions and capital markets update. Our second quarter and third quarter-to-date external growth commitments totaled approximately $550 million and were split amongst acquisitions, DCP investments and land sites for future development. Our DCP investments are generally funded over multiple quarters, so we were able to match fund our current commitments with $350 million of proceeds from the settlement of 6.5 million shares under our previously announced forward equity agreements and approximately $80 million of proceeds from prior DCP maturities. External growth activity included: first, during the quarter, we acquired a 433 Home community in suburban Boston for approximately $208 million at a mid-4% cap rate. Our predictive analytics framework identified Boston as a desirable market and this property is located proximate to other UDR communities. These characteristics are similar to the more than $3 billion of acquisitions we have executed since 2019, where we have expanded yields by an average of 120 basis points to 5.7%, well in excess of what the market alone would have provided. Speaking broadly to the acquisition market, pricing on the majority of multifamily deals suggest cap rates are probably up 25 to 50 basis points from recent lows depending on market and asset quality. Asset values are largely flat to down 10% versus earlier this year as realized NOI growth has offset some of this cap rate increase. Second, during the quarter, we acquired 3 future development states, one each in Southeast Florida, suburban Dallas and Riverside, California for an aggregate of $135 million. Collectively, these sites are entitled for the development of nearly 1,300 apartment homes and represent likely 2023 or 2024 starts dependent on market dynamics. And third, during the quarter, we've committed to invest a total of $100 million into 3 DCP opportunities at a 10.5% weighted average return. Subsequent to quarter end, we fully-funded an additional $102 million into the recapitalization of a portfolio of stabilized communities valued at $900 million than 8% return. Because recapitalization of stabilized assets have lower risk profiles, this is a relatively lower return rate versus our typical DCP investments. All told, we continue to have DCP, development and redevelopment opportunities into which we can accretively deploy capital. However, volatility in the macro environment has led to an elevated cost of capital as compared against a couple of quarters ago. Therefore, we reduced our 2022 acquisitions guidance to $208 million from the previous $600 million midpoint. This assumes no additional activity in 2022. Partially offsetting this reduction is a $200 million increase in DCP and land investment. The balance is comprised of the removal of previously assumed debt capacity utilization which helps further improve our balance sheet metrics. Please refer to yesterday's release for additional details on recent transactions and capital markets activity. Finally, our investment grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first, we have only $115 million of consolidated debt or approximately 0.5% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2024 after excluding amounts on our credit facilities and our commercial paper program. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best 3-year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 2.9%. Second, $1.3 billion of liquidity as of June 30 which is comprised of approximately $1 billion of available capacity on our line of credit and nearly $300 million of unsettled forward equity agreements, provides us ample dry powder and strength. Third, our leverage metrics continue to improve. Debt to enterprise value was just 25% at quarter end, while net debt to EBITDA was 6.2x down more than a full turn from 7.4x a year ago. We expect year-end debt-to-EBITDA and fixed charge coverage will further improve to the mid-5x range after considering our decision to run a capital-light external growth strategy this year versus previous guidance. By year-end 2022, both metrics should be approximately a half turn better versus pre-COVID levels. Last, our approximately $370 million of developments in lease-up have been a drag on 2022 earnings but are expected to benefit future earnings by approximately $0.05 per share based on a 6.5% weighted average stabilized yield. Stabilization of these developments should improve our run rate EBITDA and further enhance our leverage metrics. Taken together, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape, our liquidity position is strong, our forward sources and uses remain balanced and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to create value. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: And I appreciate all the comments and thoughts on external growth. As you look at the DCP environment and opportunities today, how has it changed over the last 3 or 6 months, just given kind of the lending environment, higher interest rates and some of the other opportunities that may present themselves?
Joe Fisher: Nick, it's Joe. So maybe a couple of things because there are some wrinkles within our DCP pipeline and the recent investment activity that you've seen here in this quarter last. So we are starting to bifurcate that DCP portfolio into our traditional investments which are residing or preferred equity lending on to traditional developers and development assets. And then you see some of these recapitalizations that have taken place. Subsequent to quarter end, we had a $100 million portfolio deal as well as back in 2Q, we had the Portland deal. So we are starting to bifurcate that a little bit. I'd say on the traditional DCP deals, you still see plenty of activity employee interest in that space. The returns really haven't moved up meaningfully. So they've picked up a little bit but not as much as a 1:1 ratio might imply if you thought about whereas traditional cost of debt done. And so returns there are still kind of in that 11% to 12% IRR type of range. And then when you come over to the recap space, we are seeing really good economics there. And so that space is a little bit different for us and that traditional DCP, we're really trying to go after the underlying assets at the end of the day have the optionality. In addition to the good returns, with the recap side, we're just viewing this as an opportunity to get really good IRRs on a risk-adjusted basis relative to the underlying real estate. And so those are generally in that kind of 8% to 9% range and I think that area of the market has really come towards us in the last 3 to 6 months.
Nick Joseph: And then just on the land, are you seeing any repricing of land just given where construction costs have moved? And then how are you thinking about underwriting the developments or the future development on some of these land parcels that you acquired?
Joe Fisher: Yes. On land, no, we're really not seeing much repricing at this point in time. Traditionally, land prices remained much stickier. So you don't see as much volatility on that side. I would say though that when you look at the land acquisitions that we had in the quarter, a number of these are exceedingly long lead times. So when you look at something like the Riverside transaction, that's a transaction that we wouldn't work with for probably 5 years now with a potential joint venture partner on the retail side. Ultimately, we have fixed pricing on our 50% and we're able to buy that out at a discount as well buy out the partners 50%. So some of these are longer lead time in nature. But overall, not seen a lot of volatility on that land price. When it comes to future starts, our near-term start is going to be Newport Village, that's a densification play on an existing asset. So we're probably going to start. That pricing will be about $150 million, $160 million starting in the third quarter for almost 400 units. As we think about the future starts, generally, we run with about a 5% contingency for price purposes and risk but we're also increasing expected pricing by about 1% per month at this point in time in our underwriting for the next year. And so that Newport Village deal or a couple of additional transactions we'll be looking at starting in 2023, we think we're pretty well covered from a cost and risk perspective. And that's still allowing us to get to that low 5s current yield and a mid- to high 5% stabilized yield on those transactions.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc.
Austin Wurschmidt: Mike, you alluded to this a little bit in your opening remarks but maybe to put a finer point on it. If we take the 5% earn-in and assume that rent growth gets back to historical inflationary levels in 2023. Is it fair to say 7% same-store revenue growth is achievable next year, assuming kind of the macroeconomic backdrop doesn't accelerate to the downside?
Mike Lacy: Austin, I think that's fair. Just taking the math of, again, that 5% earn-in, if we can get to 4% market rent next year, use a midyear convention. And yes, you get to 7% pretty quickly. That being said, I'd like to point out, we've done a good job over the years of trying to be a little bit more innovative in nature, just going after other income. So there are other things out there that we are constantly looking at. And again, we have a pretty good pipeline at this point of ideas. So we think that we can continue to push that as well.
Austin Wurschmidt: That's helpful. And then I know strategically you guys have tried to draw down on your loss to lease but where does that figure stand today? And also, if we do things -- see things soften up a bit, do you think the loss to lease that some still have provides a little bit of a cushion in terms of how portfolio rents would start to roll over? Or in reality, if demand softens, do you think that disappears pretty quickly as people look to hold occupancy?
Mike Lacy: That's the thing with loss to lease. You want to capture it while you have it. And today, we've seen loss to lease continue to go up. And last time, we talked this thing around high 9%, 10% range [ph]. Today, it's sitting around 8.5%. And again, that goes back to our strategy of really driving our rent roll. And you can see in both our market rents, how that's played out on new lease growth and really, especially on that renewal side, we've been able to push a little bit more aggressively. Again, that's leading into that earning of 5%. And frankly, today, we think we have very good visibility. I mentioned in my prepared remarks of call it [ph] around 85% of our leases for the year because we can basically see what's being sent out through September, October at this point, we see where our market rents are going. We feel really good about that 10% to 12% that sits out there in terms of blended growth in the back half. And so when we sit here and we talk about where we're trending, we'd have to be 0% growth in the fourth quarter to really move away from that 5% earn-in closer to 4%. Again right now, 3Q looks like it's in the bag. It's close to 12% to 14% today. So we've got a lot of visibility, a lot of dashboards out there that we're looking at. And again, it goes back to that innovative approach, a lot of green lights telling us to push go. So we feel good about where we're at today.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Tom Toomey: Steve, are you there?
Steve Sakwa: Can you guys hear me?
Joe Fisher: Yes. You're good, Steve.
Steve Sakwa: Okay. I guess the headset died. Anyway, just to circle back on capital allocation, Joe, I think you said on these new land parcels that you bought, you thought that yields were maybe in the high 5s. And I think you said your current developments are kind of yielding 6.5%. And DCP is getting to kind of 8% to 10%. I'm just trying to think through with the economy softening and slowing, not clear how much. I mean, I guess, how are you thinking about that capital allocation and maybe changing underwriting criterias and prioritizing kind of where to put the incremental dollar today?
Joe Fisher: Yes, good questions. I'd say, first off, I think you see within the guidance, the pivot that we have from a capital allocation standpoint. So broadly speaking, pulling back on capital deployment, I'd say, while we're not always experts on the macro perspective, I think we are pretty good on pivoting and adjusting to cost of capital and knowing when to pull back and really when to push forward. So we did net-net pullback deployment strategy, with guidance now at this point, effectively everything that we've done to date is reflected in the high end of those numbers. So we're not taking into account additional speculative activity from here. When you do think about that pivot, though, the DCP and development, i.e. land acquisition did tick higher. Part of the reason we like that is because they are smaller dollar amounts and then they create future optionality. In the case of DCP, obviously, you have better optionality on the back end to potentially monetize and acquire some of those assets. Historically, we've had about a 50-50 hit rate on that. And then development, while we are building up the land bank, we're not hit and go today. So all of those land parcels and development starts aren't starting in 3Q. We have Newport Village here to close out the year. The rest of our starts are really probably going to be 2023 decisions. So we think we got the land at a good basis. We got a good price there. We feel comfortable with the underwritten yields at low 5s on a current basis and high 5s on a stabilized basis and that's factored in contingencies plus inflation. And so it does give us that optionality though. If the macroeconomic environment continues to deteriorate, if cost of capital changes, I think we'd reevaluate kind of sequencing of those starts and think through sources and uses at that time. So I think for now, you've seen most of what you're going to see out of us on the cap allocation side.
Steve Sakwa: Great. And then -- this is a little more of a technical question, if we need to take it off-line, we can. I'm just trying to think through the bad debt. And I know you've got a paragraph in here on Page 2. You talked about almost $13 million of bad debt recorded in the quarter which if I'm doing my math right, doing the math right, it's about 3.5% of revenue which just seems like a high number. So I guess I'm just really trying to clarify what was included in the second quarter and kind of what's in guidance for the back half of the year?
Joe Fisher: Yes, fair question. So number one, I hope within these bad debt discussions, we don't lose sight of the broader trend here. Collections are actually doing fantastic. So June within 2Q was the best month of collections that we've seen since COVID started. And April and May weren't far behind is our second and third. And then just looking at July, we're actually off to a better start in July than we were in June at this point in the month. So overall, I don't want any of the kind of bad debt, account receivable, reserve discussion to really mask any of that. And happy to take it offline too and go through any more detail. But that $12.8 million reserve, the way you should think about the implications to either sequential or year-over-year is to think about the incremental change in that number. So it's not the absolute $12.8 million reserve. It's just how much of that changed versus prior quarter as well as how much did we see as a change for former residents that we've previously written off. And so those numbers on a year-over-year basis, we had about a 30 basis point drag on our year-over-year same-store revenue and on a sequential basis, we had about a 90 basis point drag 2Q revenue relative to 1Q. And that's really driven by 1Q. We had an increase in collections in 1Q as we saw better previous trends. I'd say just as you think about the methodology here, we have had a very, very consistent methodology since COVID started in terms of diving into individual resident by resident, understanding their own factors, understanding the regulatory environment they're in and even understanding where they're at in the governmental systems process. So by doing that, we get a much higher degree of conviction on where those collections are going to go over time, pulling them into our forecast and our reserves. And that's why I think you're seeing probably quite a bit less volatility on a quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year basis and you're seeing some of the others at this point in time. So hopefully, keeping the surprises to a minimum here on our side and I think that's really credit to -- we've got some great business managers in the field that are really in the weeds [ph] on this as well as a regulatory team at corporate that hold biweekly meetings going through those details. So -- but if you want to go through more detail on methodology or anyone else does, happy to follow up after the call.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chandni Luthra with Goldman Sachs.
Chandni Luthra: So, you guys talked about cap rates up 25 to 50 bps and then prices down 10% asset values. How much further do asset values need to come down in order for deals to resume given NOI is still pretty healthy? Like at what point do you think it starts -- it starts to become more aggressive on acquisitions as we think about this environment?
Joe Fisher: Chandni, it's Joe. So I think when you look at our playbook here the last 3 or 4 years, our playbook has really been contingent on where is our stock price. And can we go out there, find assets that meet the platform requirements, the asset upside requirements, CapEx requirements that we have and can we do that accretively with our share price. And so I think our circumstances and what we need to see on cap rates are very different than the market as a whole. So what we're seeing right now is price discovery taking place for the broader market. And UDR and the REITs are not going to be the incremental price setter in that environment. We don't have a great cost of capital. I would say that while there's a lot of focus on cost of debt and how do these different groups finance themselves, a lot of our investor base spends a lot of time thinking about unsecured rates which are higher at this point in time for the REITs than the secured borrower. So secured borrowers today, a good quality borrower can borrow on a low leverage basis, 4.3% to 4.5% probably based on where treasury rates have moved. And so when you think about where cap rates are, I think that gives you a sense for kind of what the floor may be. So we still got to get through the price discovery phase. But near term, I don't think you're going to see much activity out of us given capital even on the stock price side or what we expose to the market on the disposition side.
Chandni Luthra: That's fair. And so in terms of the remaining forward equity capital that you have that's already locked in, could you talk about potential deployment there? Do you think more DCP opportunities would be the right way to go about that? Like just if you please talk about -- if you could please talk about your capital allocation priorities for the next 7 to 8 months on that forward program?
Joe Fisher: Yes, it's really identified and penciled in now at this point for opportunities that are already in process and committed to. So if you think about our development pipeline today, we've got about $200 million left to fund there. Within our DCP pipeline, we've got about $80 million left in terms of what you can see on Attachment 11 (B). But then we had a subsequent portfolio DCP deal for about $100 million. So you've got $180 million there plus some additional redev and technology spend. So you've got $400-plus million of committed spend that we're looking at. And so you've got $280 million of funding left to do on those forward equity settlements plus free cash flow, plus we are exposing some assets to market to explore pricing and have potential proceeds coming there. And so we're not looking at that forward equity settlement as new dry powder or new capacity for additional acquisitions, DCP and dev, et cetera. It's really now at this point, penciled in for what we already have committed to.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets.
Bradley Heffern: I was curious if you could talk about any change in behavior that you might be seeing from kind of the deal seeking renters on the coast?
Mike Lacy: Brad, it's Mike. I'll tell you, first and foremost, we alluded to in my prepared remarks, we are seeing some of the renter based turnover just due to some of the rent increases. So I mentioned that 16% of them left because of the rent increases, we were receiving about a 30% increase on new lease growth. That being said, when you look at places like New York as well as Florida for us, it was closer to 30%, 35%. We're moving out because of that. And part of that is due to the concessions we were giving in that market. Last year in a place like New York and then in Tampa as well as Orlando, it's just a little more tucky [ph]. That being said, you can see it on our rent trends. New lease growth is still very strong in those markets. So we're actually refilling with people that are able to pay those rents. Income ratios are staying pretty consistent and what we're seeing on the move-in and move-out side of the equation is very similar to what we saw pre-COVID. So everything feels pretty healthy at this point.
Bradley Heffern: Okay, got it. And then, Joe, is there anything left in the forward guide in terms of rental relief payments? Or has that largely played out?
Joe Fisher: There is an expectation that we will have additional receipts on government assistance generally in 3Q. We do have a pretty good amount of visibility as to what's an application at this point in time, plus what we received in July. I'd say you probably have $3 million or $4 million of expectations out there for additional government assistance at this point. Yes, there still is the possibility that there's reallocations. And so maybe we have something there that would be an upside surprise over time. There's also discussions taking place in California in the legislative body as to additional support for landlords for residents haven't paid. But we have not factored in any of those items at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors.
John Pawlowski: Just a follow-up question on external growth. Last 2 or 3 years, acquisitions have been really, really tilted towards the suburbs. So I know suburban assets can't provide a higher going-in yield. But is there just a fundamental call on aging demographics here, going more suburban or any other kind of macro overlay that's forcing your portfolio more suburban?
Joe Fisher: No, there really wasn't. We want them to remain balanced in urban, suburban, AB, et cetera. It just happens that when we went through all the parameters that we have laid out and we're going through the acquisition process, we want to make sure they were in markets that we had targeted for expansion. We want to make sure that we could deploy at accretive cap rates. We want to make sure the growth profile was better than our own portfolio, the international market growth or everything that the innovation and redevelopment CapEx teams do. So they generally just presented the best opportunities. Some of that has to do with the potting aspect. We've talked a lot about potting aspects. I think when you look at our '21 acquisitions, I think the median distance was about 2 miles. So we did focus a lot on could we get more efficiencies out of an asset because of where it was located and -- we don't get a dictate to the market what comes to market. We had to be a recipient of what we saw coming and took advantage of where we saw it. So I wouldn't take that as a broader thematic or strategic shift. It just happened to be what was available at that point in time that worked with what we wanted to do.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Second question for Mike. Curious what your team on the ground has told you in terms of June and July kind of leasing trends in tech-centric markets either Bay Area or life science clusters in Boston, San Diego. Any incremental anecdote layoffs and how that's impacting traffic would be helpful to hear?
Mike Lacy: Sure, John. I think specific to San Francisco first, I pointed to a 5.2% market rent growth as a whole for the company in terms of cumulative sequential market rent growth. When you think about San Francisco, we are around 13% to 14%. So we've actually seen more market rent growth. Concessions starting to abate even more, so about 2 weeks downtown, 2 to 4 weeks in kind of the Mountain View area because of supply. So frankly, we've seen more traffic in San Francisco. Our turnover has been relatively kept in check and we feel better about our market rent today than we had in a long time. And we're actually back to, call it, pre-COVID numbers at this point. And we think we have more of a tailwind, if you will, going into next year because of where market rents have moved just in the last 6 months. San Diego, obviously, we have a very small presence there. Still seeing good trends. Turnover staying relatively low, basically no concessions. And so we're not seeing much of a dip there. And then as far as Boston, as you can see in our release, Boston performed relatively well for us. And we actually expect to see even better numbers come out of Boston over the next 2 quarters.
Joe Fisher: John, it's Joe. A couple of additional thoughts to because we got the questions back at June NAREIT and we've seen some of the notes on the tech either layoffs or pausing of hiring. I do think it's important that while those get plenty of the headlines, we're seeing the same announcements in other industries as well. And so while job openings overall remain very strong -- job growth remains from, I do think that a little bit of rate of change decelerating we're seeing -- it is more broad-based than just tech where we see the headline. So it doesn't seem that San Francisco is going to bear the brunt of it just because of that or because of the fact that the jobs did get more dispersed in the tech industry throughout the downturn. The other thing anecdotally that we keep hearing is that any of those announcements that you're seeing on the tech side, they do seem to be driven by more of the support. So be it the sales, more the back office, more the help desk, less of the technical higher-paying jobs that are out there. it seems to be what we're hearing behind the scenes. So I do think there's that wrinkle as well that the higher income is still there and so you're not losing that multiplier effect on the high-income jobs.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Adam Kramer with Morgan Stanley.
Adam Kramer: Yes. I guess first question is just on -- and look, I really appreciate kind of the detail around the earning number one and then kind of expectations for market rent growth and kind of giving us some building blocks for 2023. I guess wondering kind of on top of the 5% earning kind of that 3% or so market rent growth potentially, what else kind of -- may kind of go into the blender, right? What other building blocks might there be, right? And whether that's developments? I know we talked about bad debt earlier, maybe kind of how do you see bad debt playing out? Is that a headwind or tailwind? And maybe kind of help kind of quantify what some of those other building blocks of '23 maybe?
Joe Fisher: Adam, it's Joe. We talked about bad debt a little bit. I don't think we're going to see a material change at this point in time as we go into '23. We still got some issues with the eviction moratoriums and slow to open courts or pass on eviction processes that make it more challenging. A lot of that's weighted more to the West Coast with Northern California, L.A. and San Diego, all having various forms of eviction moratoriums in place. So I don't think you're going to see a big shift in 2023 numbers coming from that side of the equation. You did mention one of them where we do think we have a lot of upside both next year and in the following years. On the development side, those deals, call it the 4 lease-up deals, roughly $370 million, they have an effective yield right now. It's in the plus or minus 2% as they come into the lease-up phase and come off of cap interest, those are going to go to about a 6.5% yield over the next couple of years. And so you've got $0.05 [ph] of upside there. In addition, on the DCP side, you've seen our new commitments both in 2Q and subsequent I think that will earn in a little bit this year as the funding schedules come -- continue to come in throughout the rest of this year. You'll see the full impact next year. So I think DCP sets up well for us from an accretion standpoint. On the acquisition side, while we just had the Boston deal that we announced this year, we still do have upside remaining on those 2021 transactions. And so those should help as they come into the same-store pool. The other thing that's not necessarily additive but it's less dilutive, I think, for us than peers, is when you look at that maturity profile, we've done a phenomenal job over the last couple of years, extending duration and really knocking out most of our majorities through 2024. We only have $100 million coming up over the next 3 years and that's out in, I think, July of '24. And so we're going to have less reset risk on the debt side. On the flip side, to be fair, we do have G&A and broader expense pressures that we're faced with. So in terms of retaining talent, continuing to add headcount around a lot of our innovation and ESG activities. I think you're going to be due for another tough year of G&A and expense growth. But that said, we do have a lot of efforts on the initiative side that Mike is focused on that should help on both expenses and revenues to help boost some of that revenue and NOI growth in '23 and '24.
Adam Kramer: That's really helpful, Joe. I guess just a second and quick kind of follow-up question. Just -- and you kind of mentioned earlier, 11% at midpoint for kind of second half of '22 blended rent growth. Wondering kind of within that number, if you're ever kind of say, hey, where do you think kind of the year-end that number sits, right? So I recognize that's kind of the average number. I mean do you think kind of blended rent growth at year-end is still kind of in the positive range? Just trying to think about, right, the comps kind of get increasingly tougher here as we get through the year. So just wondering kind of how you guys are thinking about forecasting kind of year-end blend to rent growth?
Mike Lacy: Sure. No, Adam, that's a really good question. Something as we think about that 10% to 12% we expect in the back half, again, we have very good visibility on basically 3Q at this point. I mentioned earlier, I do expect anywhere from 12% to 14% growth based on everything I can see today, whether it's been signed or whether it's sitting out there that I noticed, it looks like it's in that 12% to 14% range. So that would lead you to believe that the back half, the fourth quarter, if you will, is around 7%. So we do see some positive momentum as we end the year going into next year and we'll continue to try to drive that higher. Obviously, we've been very focused not only on 2022 but a lot of that's been based on how we can build that earning for '23. So that's kind of where we sit today.
Joe Fisher: I do think it's important within that. We do get a lot of questions on the affordability dynamic and the wherewithal of the consumer. It's important to keep in context that while these rent increases year-over-year feel relatively large. If you go back to 2019 and look at where income growth has been throughout our markets, income growth has averaged 4% or 5% which is effectively right in line with where rent growth going back to 2019 days earnings with market rents up today, 15%, 16% within our portfolio versus pre-COVID. And so that's why when Mike talks about rent-to-income ratios, we're still holding relatively static in that low 20% range. And so consumers still in a really good position. Wage growth has continued in those mid-single digits. And even when you look at the new movement activity in 2Q, the incomes for those residents relative to the residents that we are applying for last year, those are up high single digits, greater than the market as a whole. So we're attracting a better, higher-quality residence today. Thanks, Adam. We're going to miss Rich, by the way, on these calls.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities.
Neil Malkin: Unfortunately, it's not Rich, it's just Neil. So -- okay. Just kidding. First question. That was so funny. Okay. Mike, you talked about, I believe, you correctly in over the next, I think, 2 to 3 years’ time or the last couple of quarters, that number was $20 million. If I'm wrong, let me know? If not, can you just talk about what newer initiatives have been sort of added to the near-term docket? And kind of what do those targets?
Joe Fisher: Neil. So in terms of that number, the $20-plus million of initiatives, that's still hold steady. So we're going to probably pull about $6 million of that into this year's number. And so that leaves anywhere from kind of $15 million to $20 million of additional initiatives as you think about what's out there and what we can still go after. There's a number of items within that, anything from third-party parking, additional package and placement there. There's identity and fraud detection. We're rolling out AI chatbots, text, voice throughout the portfolio. There's a bunch of vendor consolidation. There's more centralization and sites that we're going to run without individuals on-site on a daily basis. So a lot of initiatives within that $20-plus million. I'd say the big new item that we have been betting with the innovation team here for a while that we are in the process of rolling out over a 3-year timeline is building wide Wi-Fi. And so something that we've looked at for the last 5 or 7 years. And of course, there's questions as to are we late to the game? Why have we not done the bulk Internet in the past when others have on both Internet and cable? I think there's a number of things that actually have changed over time for us that make it more interesting for us to roll out today. So number one, this is not going to be a cable and Internet package, we are looking at internet only. We don't view those pass packages that include cable as being beneficial to the resident. The contract duration that we are looking at is much shorter than the typical contract. Typically, those are 7- to 10-year contracts. We're looking at a 5-year contract to present us with more optionality today. But when you think about the WiFi experience for the resident, very different today. And that historically, it's just been an in-unit setup and that you only have WiFi in-unit. We are looking at ubiquitous or whole building WiFi so that when you walk out of your unit, you have it throughout the portfolio. So you're going from your unit to the garage to the pool to the amenities, it's consistent. So it's a much better tenant experience. The other thing is that we have a much greater rev share than once historically been offered. Historically, we offered a very high fixed price with an inability to control pricing for that Wi-Fi. So a very small rev share and little control over what our profitability was. Because we are going to take control of the CapEx rollout and the cost on that over the next 3 years, we're going to take the lion's share of the revenue off of this and drive profitability pretty substantially. And so in totality, it helps us create a better customer experience. It helps us transition from what I'd say is a smart home concept to a smart building concept. And that's really foundational for what we have to do on SBTi, ESG and attacking that Scope 3 perspective and given the power back to the resident to understand the dynamics in their unit and throughout the portfolio of property. And so total numbers, we're probably looking at about a $50 million spend over 3 years for this. The returns probably $15 million to $20 million plus is what we estimate. But full rollout potential by 2025. So it's going to be a couple of years. So long-winded answer to that innovation question of $20 million but we've used it up to at least $40 million today and still have more to come that the innovation team is working on.
Neil Malkin: I really appreciate that. I want Tom, you've been pretty quiet. Maybe a general question I've asked you a couple of times. You think about where you guys have been positioning incremental buys kind of seeing what the markets have bared out in terms of rent growth, both on a year-over-year and a COVID-to-date basis. You factor in the hybrid model appearing to be a long-term paradigm and people moving to states with less regulation, less issues, more affordability, the list goes on, right, social issues, et cetera. I just wonder now that you had a fair amount of time to kind of access out how that kind of looks and potentially a new framework, if at all. Are you -- is the company maybe taking a different stance on how you position the portfolio? I understand diversification is important to you guys. I get that. But based on everything that we know or since 2020, do you feel like an incremental dollar is better spent in Sunbelt market? How do you kind of see that, that we've had some time to digest that?
Tom Toomey: Neil, a very good question and a very thoughtful one in a perspective of what have we really learned from COVID in the last 3 or 4 years. And what I think we learned still applies to the future which is diversification is your friend in managing risk and cycles, political, environmental, whatever they might be. And so you're probably right, we will always continue to focus on it. What I'm grateful for is our investment, the end technology and portfolio management and data. And Chris and the team continue to pour through it, find better data sets to analyze trend lines where things are. And I think the conclusions of that, we continue to share with the investment community every conference. And what they point to is we're in the right markets. Things are going in the right direction. And if we continue to operate, grow our margin, we're going to have cash flow growth and the enterprise is going to continue to prosper. And I think we'll stay on that template. I think it's challenging as we've all seen to lift portfolios and shift them. And I had 10 years of experience with that and it's hard to get earnings growth and expansion. And so we're very comfortable with the portfolio. We probably won't see a lot of shifting of markets. We continue to always look for new opportunities. And that's a long-winded answer. We like our hand at the table and we're going to just keep playing it and continuing to expand our innovation and margin.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just a question on the cost side. Is there any change in the magnitude of growth on the cost, either on the controllable or non that you're seeing between Sunbelt and coastal markets that is worth noting?
Mike Lacy: Juan, I think worth noting, I would say in the Sunbelt we're seeing a little bit more pressure as it relates to some of the R&M side of the equation as well as the personnel. And I think a lot of that has to do with the supply that's down there. So typically, when that happens, it's pulling some of our service employees from us and we're having to pay a little bit more to retain our talent and we're seeing it just in terms of some of the third-party costs being pushed to us as well. So that's where I've seen a little bit of pressure on the controllable side but nothing really else material when you think about just urban, suburban, AB, it's pretty consistent.
Joe Fisher: Juan, I think you can extrapolate that on the controllable side a little bit to the noncontrollable over to real estate tax as well. We are seeing more pressure when you go into some of our Sunbelt markets, be it Texas, Florida, Richmond, Virginia. We are seeing more pressure on the tax side there relative to some of the coast. Similarly, if you come full cycle back to discussion earlier on the development side, you are seeing more inflationary pressures really driven by labor down in the Sunbelt as well there. So a little bit more pressure on cost and development within the Sunbelt too. So broadly speaking, Sunbelt seeing a little bit more pressure.
Juan Sanabria: And one more for me, just on the whole discussion about assumed blended lease rate growth in the second half of the year and you guys have given phenomenal color. Any offset we should be thinking about as you drive pricing on a continued occupancy kind of get back with a bit higher churn? Is that going to stay stable or can be ticked up for the balance of the year?
Mike Lacy: Another good question. The way we've been looking at that and trying to communicate is we've been comfortable with, call it, about 30 basis points of occupancy coming down so. We typically run just over 97% today. Today, we're closer to 96% -- 98% to 97%. Again, it's a good trade, if you think about 30 basis points for us, it's 150 units per month. And we have been targeting over the course of 2Q and 3Q, we run it this way, try to push out and see what we can get. We do expect vacancy loss of approximately $2 million. That being said, we do think we get around 1% to 1.5% pickup in rents. That over the course of 12 months for us and our rents is over $12 million. So it's a good trade and again it's one that we've been focused on doing to try to drive next year. So 2023 is in very good shape. That's kind of where we're at on that.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America.
Joshua Dennerlein: So it's interesting, you named Patty as a Chief ESG Officer. Just be curious where her focus will be in the first 12 months on the ESG front?
Joe Fisher: Josh, good question and very excited that Patty is joining us. So if you had a chance to look it up and take a look at her background, absolutely phenomenal experience in the areas of ESG, sustainability, DI, talent development. So there's a lot of areas that she's going to be able to help. She's been at some pretty big dynamic organizations in the past. And so I think in near term, there's definitely a focus on our -- on the ESG side. So we've committed, as you know, to SBTi. And so it should be helping us with that, along with a number of other individuals on the ESG Committee working through our SBTi strategy and the ultimate communication execution of that I think there's a good opportunity from a workforce diversity standpoint. We do have DI initiatives in place for the executive team of compensation tied to it, so making sure that we continue to drive those efforts to enhance and diversify our workforce. And on the talent development side, just continuing to extend the HR strategy that's all in place, making sure we get good high-quality talent in here develop over time and bring them up throughout the organization. So she's got a pretty phenomenal skill set and so excited to see what she's going to bring to the table and bring a new voice to us.
Tom Toomey: Josh, this is Toomey. I might add that we've got an 86 last year on GRESB, led the industry, very proud of that. But the time to get better is when you're on top. And I think Patsy can drive us to another level.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Daniel Tricarico: It's Daniel Tricarico on for Nick. I'll keep it brief. I don't believe you started any new developments in the quarter. How should we think about the development start pipeline over the next, say, 12 months? And how are you underwriting new development yields today versus cap rates?
Joe Fisher: Correct. We did not have any new starts in the quarter. So we've got the $700 million pipeline, about $200 million left to fund. But really, 4 of those deals out of the 7 are coming through the lease-up and effectively fully-funded. And so you're really down to a relatively de minimis amount of risk when you think about what's in process today. In terms of new starts in 3Q, we're going to have Newport Village which is a densification play, almost 400 units, about $155 million, $160 million development deal in Suburban D.C. And so that will get in the process in the second half. Beyond that, we've got really good optionality as we think about the pipeline. We do have a broader strategic objective to get back to plus or minus $1 billion pipeline which sizing-wise is only about 3% or 4% of enterprise value. So we do want to get back there over time but that's going to be very much contingent upon where do we look from a sources and uses, macroeconomic environment and cost of capital perspective. So we've got the optionality when you look at Attachment 9 with a number of land parcels that we'll be able to start next year but those are going to be contingent on all those other factors. And so it's hard to say that we're going to move forward on exactly those same timelines as we previously planned but we do have that optionality.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: So, you say -- I think, Mike, you said that move out due to rent levels and certain some markets were in the 30% range or about 2x the portfolio. Can you share a bit more about where that is happening? And your comments made it sound like this is largely because of deal seekers might rotating out? Have you been able to backfill with higher-income tenants?
Mike Lacy: Yes, Haendel. So that's what I was mentioning. If you look at a place like New York, for example, our renewal growth of 21%, we were pushing pretty aggressively. And that was a case where people were getting more of a deal over the last couple of years with concessions. We burn off of those. We're not offering concessions in that market anymore and we've continued to push market rents. So we had the strategy in place since the beginning of the year to see what we could get on that we think it's played out. We did see turnover tick up to some degree. But again, we were able to trade out at, call it, 30% on the new lease side. So it's a good trade for us. Places like Florida, that's where we saw it as well, where we'd start to push and this is more of a function of we pushed last year. We're starting to anniversary off that and seeing it again this year and some residents just couldn't take that increase. And again, we were able to backfill with higher new lease growth and what we're seeing in terms of rent to income ratios, they're relatively flat. So we are seeing people with higher incomes, the ability to afford it going forward and we think that we have good prospects as we move forward.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate that. I guess we're all trying to figure to a degree of affordability is an issue. Is it your sense that pricing power is still fairly even across your Sunbelt and coastal markets and then maybe how does the rent income ratio within those 2 regions compare today maybe versus history?
Mike Lacy: Sure. With that question, I'd probably point more towards our loss to lease. And you've seen us in previous pitches, we've thrown out there where we're at by region. I would tell you, when I mentioned 8.5% across the portfolio today, it's pretty consistent. So we're starting to see a little bit of an increase in that loss lease in places like San Francisco, given we've been able to push market rents. But again, it's pretty consistent across the board. I haven't seen much of a change there as far as that goes.
Haendel St. Juste: Any color perhaps on the rent income? Is there a meaningful difference between coastal and Sunbelt?
Mike Lacy: Minor, not very material. So we see a little bit more of an increase, if you will, a place like Monterey Peninsula for us. Historically, that's run in the high 20s. It hasn't changed to some degree. Places like the Sunbelt around 23% to 25% today. New York is just under that. So they're pretty consistent across the board.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays.
Anthony Powell: You mentioned a few times that you're attracting a higher income tenants as you seek to raise rents. Do you think these tenants may be newly priced out of the home buyer market? And if it becomes easier to buy a home, would these be some of the first tenants that may move out for home ownership?
Mike Lacy: Not necessarily because another thing that we track and we've been looking at is the average age of our residents and that's actually ticked down to some degree. So while it could happen? Maybe. But we feel like we're in a pretty good place. And I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've seen around 8% moving out to buy homes. So we're in a pretty good place today compared to historical averages.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Credit Suisse.
Omotayo Okusanya: My question has actually been answered.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call over to Mr. Toomey for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Thanks for your time and interest in UDR. We started off the call with a quick summary, the strongest operating environment in my tenure, 16% FFOA growth year-over-year, a second guidance increase this year. We appreciate the questions but the big picture is our consumer is in great shape and we've reloaded our rent roll. We have pricing power and we continue to innovate and expand our margins. And it couldn't be a more exciting time to be in this business. The prospects look great today and in the future. So with that, I'll close and say we look forward to seeing you in the September conference season. and wish that all of you take care.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to UDR’s First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Senior Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo. You may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR’s quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website ir.udr.com. In this supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although, we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR’s Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent. And welcome to UDR’s first quarter 2022 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy; and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher who will discuss our results. Senior officers, Andrew Cantor; and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Let me start-off by saying this remains the strongest operating environment that I or any of my fellow associates at UDR have ever encountered. Demand remains robust. Turnover continues to decline. Blended lease rate growth has continued to accelerate from already elevated levels and new supply growth remains relatively stable. These factors when combined with the accretion we are seeing from our repeatable, operating and capital allocation competitive advantages drove our strong first quarter results and full year guidance raises as outlined in yesterday's earnings release. We as an industry do continue to face a variety of challenges, many of which are out of our control. First inflation. On balance inflation is a net positive as wage increases correlate to rent growth and rising hard costs mean higher replacement cost and increased asset values. The downside is higher personnel and repair and maintenance cost. G&A increases to attract and retain associates and rising interest rates. We have effectively mitigated these negative factors through one, our platform efforts that constrain controllable expense growth below inflationary levels. And two, proactive debt management whereby over the past three years, we've increased our duration and to have a minimal debt maturities prior to 2025. Second, ongoing regulatory restrictions, elongated grace periods. Once restrictions are removed, and backlogged court systems continue to hamper our ability to efficiently run our business. The current environment is slightly better than in 2020, 2021. And while our ultimate collections rate have been between 98% to 98.5%. This is over 100 basis points below our pre-COVID levels. And last, how current geopolitical risk may ultimately impact the U.S. economy and consumer remains to be seen. Given this at UDR, we continue to focus on what we do control, which includes first, utilizing operating and capital allocation competitive advantages when opportunities present themselves. These unique capabilities derive our top and bottom line growth and enhance our sizeable controllable operating margin advantages versus public and private peers. Second continually innovating, to find the most profitable and efficient ways to conduct our business that are wins for our associates, the company, our residents and our stakeholders. And third, ensuring that we continue to cultivate and enhance our already vibrant, inclusive, and engaging culture as it is, and will remain the cornerstone of our success. All in all, I'm excited as I've ever been about our prospects for 2022 and 2023. To all associates listening, keep up the great work, and know that the senior management deeply values what you're continue to accomplish. Moving on, we continue to build on our position as a recognized global leader in ESG. With our commitment to investing in multiple Climate Tech and ESG focused funds, these investments should help identify both in the apartment home and property wide solutions to better address climate change and lower our carbon footprint. Similarly, our commitment to adopt SBTi this year along with extensive company-wide resources, we already dedicated to enhance our sustainability will help to further refine our long-term ESG strategy. In closing, we’ll remain very optimistic on the strength of the multifamily industry, as well as the ultimate resiliency of the American economy and consumer. We have the right strategy, competitive advantages and a team in place to capitalize on the opportunities set the lies ahead of us. I look forward to when we can share another update with you that most likely will be at NAREIT. And with that, I will turn it over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tom. To begin strong same-store cash revenue growth of 10.8% top the range of 10% to 10.5% we provided in early March. Key components of this result and our year-over-year same-store cash NOI growth of 14% included first, quarterly effective blended lease rate growth of over 14%. Our blended growth accelerated each month during the quarter with 240 basis points higher than what we achieved during the fourth quarter and benefited from minimal concessions granted. Second, weighted average occupancy held strong at 97.3%, 100 basis points higher than a year ago. And third annualized turnover was only 34% decreasing by 530 basis points versus a year ago and 570 basis points over historical first quarter turnover rate. These favorable trends have continued into the second quarter. Blended lease rate growth has continued to accelerate to 16% to 17% in April with new lease growth of more than 18% and renewals are better than 15%. This is driven by robust widespread demand and our ongoing ability to capture are in place 10% to 11% portfolio average loss to lease. Occupancy shows no signs of deterioration as alternative housing options, like single-family rentals and for sale homes have become even less affordable versus multi-family. Based on current rents versus the cost of homeownership it is 45% less expensive versus 35% pre-COVID to rent at home across UDR markets. And turnover remains light in April thus far. All else being equal, we expect second quarter blended lease rate growth to range between 15% and 18%. Occupancy to average 97% to 97.3% and annualized turnover remained well below prior year levels due to a combination of higher demand and our continued focus on the resident experience. These trends combined with the fact that we now have good visibility on 65% to 70% of our full year rent roll gave us the confidence to meaningfully increase our full year 2022 same-store revenue and NOI guidance ranges. We now expect to achieve midpoint growth of 9.75% for same-store revenue and 12.5% for same-store NOI on a straight-line basis. Relative to our prior full year 2022 outlook, the drivers of our improved guidance ranges are as follows. First, we expect full year effective blended lease rate growth of approximately 9% to 11%, which is 3% higher at the midpoint compared to our prior assumption. For the first half of 2022, we expect blended lease rate growth in the 15% to 16% range implying a range of 4% to 6% in the second half. Across our portfolio and excluding the approximately 7% to 8% of NOI that remain subject to limits on renewal increases. We continue to see growth rates converge irrespective of market, location within a market or asset quality. Second, we continue to expect occupancy to remain relatively high and average 97.2% to 97.4%, or a 10 basis points to 30 basis points improvement over full year 2021 results. And third, we still expect controllable expenses to be limited to 2% to 3%. This is 100 basis points below that of our overall same-store expense growth guidance, which we increased by 50 basis points at the midpoint primarily due to rising insurance costs. Our updated guidance continues to imply a second half slowdown blended lease rate growth. As we approach more difficult prior year comps and regulatory restrictions on renewal rate growth remain in certain markets. There is little at present suggesting a deterioration in multi-family fundamentals. So any upside to this expectation would have a modestly positive impact on 2022 results with the majority occurring to 2023 via higher earnings as we move throughout this year. Based on current guidance, our implied 2023 earnings would be in the low to mid 3% range or approximately 50 basis points to 100 basis points above our highest earning over the past decade. Moving on, collections continue to trend above 98% over time and our 2022 guidance assumes we ultimately collect 98% to 98.5% of build revenue. Our Governmental Affairs Team continuously monitors the regulatory backdrop and worked with our teams in the field to develop action plans that address the less than 1% of our residents who remain long-term delinquent. This proactive approach benefits residents, the company and our stakeholders. Finally, our ongoing innovation continues to bear fruit. Today out 250 basis points controllable operating margin advantage for peers at a similar rent level has generated over $20 million of incremental NOI on our legacy communities. In addition, our unique self service model, combined with our other capital allocation competitive advantages and strong market growth has supported year-on NOI, that is 7% above initial expectations for our more than 1.5 billion of late 2020 and ’21 third-party acquisitions. This equates to a weighted average current yield of 5% up from mid [4s] at time of acquisition. Given our embedded loss to lease and favorable market rent trends, we see a path to achieving our original underwritten year three yields in the mid to high 5% range roughly one year ahead of schedule. Looking ahead, we will continue to find ways that our ongoing innovation can beneficially impact our bottom line, as well as our residents experience with UDR. As we have spoken in the past, we believe improving the resident experience increases retention drives pricing power higher through pricing engine optimization, reduces controllable expense growth in the form of fewer vacant days and can lead to UDR assessing a larger portion of our residents wallet through ancillary services. We remain confident in our ability to achieve our target of at least $20 million of incremental run rate NOI over the next 24 months through these initiatives, while also progressing towards capturing much more over the long-term. In closing 2022 is off to an incredible start, which deserves a sincere thank you to all my colleagues for their hard work and innovative ideas that keep our company operating at a high level. And now I'll turn over the call to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our first quarter 2022 results and our updated outlook for full year 2022. A summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity and the balance sheet and liquidity update. Our first quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.55 achieved the high end of our previously provided guidance range and was supported by strong-same store revenue growth and further accretion from our 2021 acquisitions. For the second quarter our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.55 to $0.57 or an approximately 2% sequential increase at the midpoint. This is supported by continued positive sequential same-store NOI growth and accretion from recent capital allocation activities partially offset by increased interest expense and higher G&A as we have enacted wage increases to better ensure employee retention at all levels. The same drivers led us to increase our full year 2022, FFOA and same-store guidance ranges. We now anticipate full year effort FFOA per share of $2.25 to $2.31. The $2.28 midpoint represents a $0.02 or 1% increase versus our prior full year guidance and a 13.5% increase versus full year 2021. The increase versus prior 2022 guidance is driven by the following. A $0.04 benefit from improved NOI offset by approximately $0.01 each from higher interest expense and increased G&A expense. For same-store guidance, we have increased our full year revenue and NOI growth ranges on a straight-line basis by 125 basis points and 150 basis points respectively the 9.0% to 10.5% and 11.5% to 13.5%. Due to lower realized and expected concessions for the rest of the year, we increased our full year same-store revenue and NOI growth ranges on a cash basis by a higher amount of 175 basis points. This narrowed the prior 100 basis point delta between our cash and straight-line same-store revenue guidance ranges to 50 basis points. Additional guidance details, including sources and uses expectations are available on attachments 14 and 15D of our supplement. Next, transactions and capital markets update. After completing $1.5 billion of accretive acquisitions in 2021. Our first quarter external growth activity was primarily focused on DCP investments and development. First, during the quarter, two DCP investments were redeemed UDR’s investment in the projects totaling $58 million for which we receive life-to-date proceeds of $91 million resulting in a weighted average IRR of 14%. We use a portion of the proceeds to fully fund a new $12 million DCP investment with an 8.25% yield as part of the recapitalization of a stabilized community. We have a strong pipeline of DCP opportunities currently under evaluation. Second, we delivered initial apartment homes at three of our active developments, one each in Denver, suburban Philadelphia in suburban Dallas. The expected weighted average stabilized yield for these communities is approximately 7.2%. We also replenished and grew our development pipeline, with two additional starts one each in Tampa and suburban Dallas at Vitruvian Park for a total budgeted cost of approximately $188 million. We believe both projects will be highly value add. Additionally, we are scheduled to close on the acquisition of a land site in southeast Florida that is entitled for 300 plus apartment homes. Third, we commenced unit editions at 2,000 post in San Francisco. We have experienced strong demand for our unit additions at [indiscernible] deal in the same market and continue to evaluate similar opportunities across our portfolio. Across three active projects, we are adding 58 apartment homes with expected IRR is in the mid-teens. Moving forward, we anticipate expanding our redevelopment and densification pipeline to take advantage of the ongoing strengths we are seeing in the market. All told. We have a healthy and growing pipeline of DCP land and development opportunities. We also continue to evaluate wholly-owned acquisitions and target markets utilizing our portfolio strategy and predictive analytics frameworks. To accretively match fund this future uses of capital, we entered into a $400 million forward equity agreement during the quarter. Please refer to yesterday's release for additional details on recent transactions and capital markets activity. Moving on during the quarter and subsequent to quarter end, we further enhanced our ESG leadership by committing to invest a total of $20 million into several strategic ESG and Climate Technology funds. The investments within these funds are intended to be directed toward identifying in-home, property wide and more general innovative real estate technologies that are intended to help UDR our residents and others reduce our collective carbon footprint. Finally, our investment grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include first, we have only $290 million of consolidated debt or just over 1% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2025. After excluding amounts on our credit facilities in our commercial paper program. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best three-year liquidity outlook in the sector in the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multi-family peer group at 2.8%. Second, as of March 31, our liquidity totaled $1.7 billion and provides us ample [dry-powder] to continue to creatively grow the company as we identify opportunities. And last, our leverage metrics continue to improve debt to enterprise value was just 22% at quarter end, well net debt to EBITDA was 6.4 times down from 7 times a year ago and remains on track for approximately 6 times by year end. Taking together, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape, our liquidity position is strong. Our forward sources and uses remain balanced. And we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to create value. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator.
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] One moment please while we pull for questions. Our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. We've heard from some of your peers about delinquency and collection issues in Southern California specifically and I recognize there's different sub market footprints and different kind of bad debt assumptions embedded in guidance, to just on the ground what you’ve seen in Southern California through your portfolio specifically in terms of collections?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Nick it’s Joe. Similar to our peers that have got spoken to [AQR] here a couple hours ago, we are seeing something a little bit similar. We do have a decidedly lower exposure to Los Angeles. But our Orange County portfolio has seen similar trends. It does seem to be specific to Southern California, where we do have a little bit more of a B quality portfolio and lower income portfolio in Northern California. So we saw AR balances pick up about a $1 million on a quarter-over-quarter basis. Some of that's due to typical seasonality we usually do see in January and February collections a little bit lower than trend. But we also saw applications for government assistance pick up about a $1 million as well on a quarter-over-quarter basis. So similar to what you heard, I think at AQR, I think there were a number of residents that had been payers in the past that simply stopped paying and trying to take advantage here before government assistance funds expire here in end of March. So to-date here early in April, cautiously optimistic it was kind of dug into it a little bit more, that those individuals are reverting towards pain in some cases. So I think by the time we get up to June may be a little bit more commentary for you on the trends that we're seeing there.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. That's very helpful. I think you talked about the commitment you made to the Prop Tech and climate related funds. How did you think about sizing those commitments? And then what are your financial and I think you've touched on some of the strategic goals, but what should investors expect out of those investments?
Joe Fisher: Yes, I guess if you go back over time and look at what we've tried to accomplish here with the first two RET Funds and of course there's the financial and investment return that we expect to get out of the fund. But more importantly, the billion 4 of revenue, the $400 million of expenses, the capital allocation and platform benefits. That's really what we've been focused on with the RET funds. And you've seen a number of examples of that throughout over the last couple of years. This is really an expansion of that. So when you look at the strategic fund that $25 million commitment, similar [solution] of investors and limited partners there that are focused on a more permanent capital type of vehicle for big picture technologies that will benefit the entire industry. So think along the lines of CRMs [indiscernible] pricing engines, maintenance and pricing, so some of those type of items more on the strategic side. When it gets into the climate side, you can see that $10 million commitment we made in the quarter in edition press release went out last Friday by RET, along with Essex and ourselves being the family members of a housing impact fund, so another $10 million investment there. What we're really trying to do there is we've laid-out our commitment to SBTi. And our plans to move forward with that and advance our industry leading ESG efforts that we already have in place. This allows us to just get more focused on that. So looking at in Home Tech outside of Home Tech and really having experts that we can tap into on a daily basis that give us access to a lot of the different types of technologies are going to impact ESG on a go forward basis and our carbon footprint on go forward basis. So that's really what we're focused on those.
Nick Joseph: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Sakwa with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Sakwa: Yes, thanks. It’s still good morning out there. I just wanted to circle back on Mike's comments about the blended growth. I think you said 15% to 16% in the first half, but 4% to 6% in the second half. And I realize comps get a lot tougher and maybe concessions are playing a role where concessions had really burned off maybe by the middle of the year. And so I guess what I'm really trying to get at is what is the underlying assumption about market rent growth within your framework for this year? And maybe how has that changed? Or what's the maybe potential upside to the guidance numbers if market rent growth is faster than what you're currently expecting?
Michael Lacy: Hey, Steve, it's Mike, I appreciate it. To your point, let me just back up a little bit. You're right, we did say around 14% blend in the first quarter, [moves] at around 15% to 18% in the second quarter. And when you look at that, we did provide 15% to 16% in the first half. That compares to 10% to 11% we previously guided to. And now we think that back half is around 4% to 6% when previously it was around 4%. The way we look at it is basically trending our market rents. So when you think about how it should play out over the next, call it, six to nine months, we've looked at previous pre-COVID numbers, and it was right around the 2023. So it was right around 4% to 6%. And again, we think that its historical numbers, Steve, and it should play out that way. We'll see how it ends up. But what I would tell you is 2022, it's going to make a minimal impact at this point if it's even to cost 5% higher, it's really going to start playing out in 2023. And I made that point in my original remarks, that it should be upwards of 3% earn-in, which would be the highest I've seen in my 16-year career here at UDR.
Steve Sakwa: Right. And I realize I'm putting the cart before the horse or getting ahead of myself as you think about next year and full year numbers, but that earn-in will obviously grow over time if these spreads that you're talking about sort of play out and unfold. I mean how does the earn-in typically change sort of from this point forward? If all of your expectations get hit, does that earn in typically double? Does that earn-in go up 50% from here? Like how do we sort of think about the exit rate going into next year?
Michael Lacy: No. It typically drove. It really depends on what happens in the third quarter. So with the highest exploration period of time, what kind of growth, and it's really on a gross basis, not an effective basis. What we get at that period of time will really start to impact what that earn is next year. So again, we're pretty optimistic that, that 4% to 6%, it could trend higher. And if it does, that will lead to a higher earn-in next year.
Tom Toomey: Hey, Steve, this is Toomey. I think one factor that's making it hard to forecast is the record low turnover number that we're having right now. And as we come into the prime leasing season, does that tick up with these types of price increases? And we've seen no sign of that in our notices that we sent out. And so that kind of points to the higher side of it, if you will. And everybody else is having the same experience on turnover, they have more confidence in raising that market rent number. And that's Mike just hedging is that's the right way, which is how much does he able to press gross rent with a low turnover number. And if this turnover stays, traffic has been extraordinarily strong. So I think that's partly technology. Nobody is moving, and we feel pretty damn good about it. But as I think Mike started with, what's most important at this point in time was 65% of the revenue already figured out for '22 is what's holding us back how are we setting up '23. And '23 looks pretty damn strong right now.
Steve Sakwa: Great. Thanks. That’s it from me.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Pallone with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pallone: Yes, thanks. My first question relates to development. You picked up some land and you're starting some things. Can you talk about how you're underwriting rents from these levels as you think about delivering development in a couple of years and also OpEx and where cash-on-cash return hurdles need to be in the face of just higher inflation, financing costs, et cetera?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hey, Tony, good to hear from you. Maybe start with current development pipeline because I do want to mention what's going on there. So we did add a couple of new starts here in the quarter. So taking that pipeline up to around $700 million. If you kind of bifurcate that into two groups, you look at the lease-up deals that are going fantastically well kind of mid- to high six stabilized yields at this point. So pretty great performance on those. The newer starts kind of trended towards the higher 5s, low 6s, so pretty consistent with where we've historically been. But importantly, on your question around cost and inflation, majority of those costs on that $700 million pipeline are fully bought out at this point. I think we only have about $10 million of hard costs that remain to be bought out, and we're carrying a contingency in the high single digits for that one. So see minimal risk from development cost for standpoint on those. As you think about what we have coming up in terms of new land, we bought a or in the process of a parcel in Fort Lauderdale. We've also got a number of opportunities that we kind of started to allude to with the equity raise and some of the upcoming uses of capital. But we've got Southern California, Inland Empire, Denver, D.C. as well as Dallas. And so we've got a pretty robust pipeline. We're working through on the land side. What I'd say is near term definitely underwriting above inflationary type of cost increases. We have seen pretty substantial cost increases over the last 12 months, a lot of that on the hard cost side and a lot of that driven by labor in some of those hotter Sunbelt markets, if you will. But from a yield standpoint, we're holding pretty close to where we've historically been. Current yields kind of 5.25-ish and on a stabilized basis kind of high 5s, 5.75%, 6-ish percent. So when you think about the value creation margin still commensurate with what we've talked about historically when you look at a 3.5 to 4 cap type of market, we're still looking at 150, 200 basis points of margin or value creation, which is in line with history. So we got a little bit juicy there for a while when cap rates compressed and yields held up, but now we're back to normalcy.
Anthony Pallone: Okay. That's real helpful. And those -- and to get into those 5s yields going in, do you have to do much with rents compared to where they are today?
Joe Fisher: Yes. So the 5.25% the way we look at it on a current trend or a current basis, it's a current rent in the market for what that asset would attain today relative to a trended cost basis. And so having an above inflationary cost trend on that. So that gets you to 5.25. If we keep those costs where they're at and as we go through development and lease up and get to stabilization, we'd expect those rents to grow at kind of long-term averages of plus or minus 3%, that gets you to roughly 5.75.
Anthony Pallone: Okay. Great thanks for that. And then I'll just stick with you for just one second question. The bad debt, did you have a number for the first quarter? I may have missed it, just on a percentage basis, I guess, net of any reversals or the government stuff? I didn't catch that.
Joe Fisher: Yes. So what we effectively had when you look at the combination of write-offs plus reserves, we've been able to go back over time throughout the last couple of years. And collections over time, typically get it to a plus or minus 98.3% in this environment. And so you can think about a net bad debt number of 1.7% between a combination of write-offs in the quarter and incremental reserves, if there are any to that extent. When you look at our bad debt versus reserves in the quarter, accounts receivable was just over $24 million, about $1 million quarter-over-quarter increase. The reserve against that came down slightly to roughly $12 million, so about 50% reserved. The reason it came down was because we continue to have better and better history over time of getting to that 98-plus percent number over time. The other way I'd kind of think about it is you have $12 million of unreserved risk. So the way we get comfortable with that is if you look at 3 different buckets, we've got about $11 million out there in government assistance applications, which we believe are close to money good over time. There's just delays within those processes. You have another $7 million of partial payers over time. So those are individuals that have demonstrated a willingness and ability to try to make good on their rental payments. But sometimes it just takes them longer than normal. And so we think over time, those will start to come in, maybe not to the 100% degree, but definitely some of those will come in. And then you have about $6 million of long-term delinquents, which are the residents that despite all of our efforts to work with them on government systems, on payment plans, on relocation options, things of that nature, they have really settled in. And so those are the individuals that we're trying to continue to work with. But if they choose not to, then those are the ones that we'll be going to court with and trying to get those units back over time.
Tom Toomey: Yes, Tony, just to add, this is Toomey. I think the bad debt, this whole system we've been through over the last couple of years, the team has done an exceptional job of getting out in front with the government aid getting in front of our residents, understanding where the situation is, work with the people we can work with. And for the ones to be a little French squatting on us, the court systems are starting to open, and they see that piece of the equation. So I think as the year goes by, this gets back if it's 98, 98 5 collection-type process, I'm not sure we'll get back to our pre-COVID of 99 5. I think it's just going to be challenging with some of these municipalities to get there. So if I'm thinking about’ 23, I think we're generally running at our mind at 98 5 next year with a hope that we get 50 bps above that. And that will be next year. This year, I think the story is just not over, and it's just grinded out.
Anthony Pallone: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks for the ’23 outlook there.
Operator: Our next question is from Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Yulico: Hi, everyone. Thanks. In terms of the guidance, first question is just on interest expense that, that going up. Joe, maybe you can talk about what drove that higher?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hey, Nick, it really has to do with the floating rate side of the equation. So we done a pretty exceptional job over the last two to three years going after our maturity profile, doing a lot of [pre phase] and lower cost debt down in the 2% to 2.5% range versus the kind of low to mid 3s in place today, so low to mid -- so we've done a great job on that front. So it doesn't have to do with anything that we had planned in terms of new issuance or refi activity. It's all floating rate oriented. And so we've got about $400 million plus or minus of floating out there, call it, 6% to 7% of total debt stack. And so as the curve has obviously tick higher here to start the year with Fed rate hike expectations, we just updated for where the curve is expected to be. And so they had about a $2.5 million or $0.06 to $0.07 impact on the outlook here.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. Got it. And then I guess as we think about there's some moving parts for the rest of the year in terms of you may raise debt or you may not, right? I think you have that guidance range of $0 million to $250 million of debt issuances. You have that swap expiring on a piece of the term loan. Commercial paper rates presumably going up. I guess maybe for those pieces, if you could just give a feel for if that's already factored into guidance? Or if there's also a chance that maybe interest expense could creep higher than guidance because of some of those issues?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I feel pretty good now at this point in terms of where we're at. We have a little bit of cushion in there most likely. We got another 25 or 50 basis point raise beyond current expectations. The term loan and the swap associated with that is definitely in there. You did mention we do have the term loan swap for another 50% of that termed out for a couple of more years at a fairly low rate. So that is locked in. The swing factor on debt is simply going to be, do we have that equity deployed and do we ultimately lever some of that equity given the capacity that we're creating here? Right now, that's up for discussion, given the additional debt issuance isn't necessarily accretive in this environment. And so we've accounted for a potential range there in terms of $0 million to $250 million, but not necessarily certain that we'll act on it. We're going to evaluate the environment as we go forward later in the year.
Nicholas Yulico: Okay. Very helpful. Thanks Joe.
Operator: Our next question is from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Heffern: Yes. Hey everyone. Obviously, you took up the acquisition guidance this quarter without anything actually getting done in the first quarter. Can you talk about the pipeline and also your thoughts on your expectations for accretion just given the negative leverage environment?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hey, Brad, it's Joe. So I think stepping back a little bit, yes, we did do the equity here in the first quarter towards the end of the quarter, $400 million at just about 57, 57 net. And so what we saw at that point in time was an increasing opportunity across kind of all of our value creation arms between develop our capital program, redev, development and acquisitions. So after kind of six months of no equity issuance, de minimis external growth where we sat back and really just couldn't find opportunities that fit with what we were trying to do from a platform perspective and an accretion perspective, we are starting to see more of those opportunities today. So we felt that it was the right time to do the equity. As I took across to each of those. Within the developer capital program, we did announce a recap transaction there in the quarter. But beyond that, we do have a plus or minus $100 million pipeline of opportunities there that we think will get some or hopefully all done over the next 12 months. And so we do feel very good about continued deployment on the DCP side. On development side, we mentioned the Fort Lauderdale land acquisition. And in the prior question mentioned, we've got $100-plus million of other land sites that we're working through various points in the process on. And so that will add to the uses as well as forward uses and capacity there. And then on the acquisition side, we've got a deal tied up in Suburban Boston right now that is in the low 4s forward cap rate range that, checks a lot of the boxes that we've talked about previously in terms of the operational upside, the platform efficiencies, the capital expenditure programs, et cetera. And so between all of those, you've already got plus or minus $400 million of identified usage. And so that will use some other several hundred million there that we hope to utilize for acquisitions as the market continues to come our way.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Got it. And has there been any noticeable change in competition as you're looking at new acquisition?
Andrew Cantor: Hey, this is Andrew. I just was out at and which provides a great market checkout in San Diego. And what I can report back to you is that there's a very active market that we're participating in. There's a continued wall of capital looking to increase their exposure to apartments. Listings on new deals is not diminishing. In fact, there's a record number of deals year-to-date. It's up about 60% over 2021. And as we know, there's continued great fundamentals. What we're starting to see as it relates to the pricing side is that it really varies based on location and asset quality and buyer type. The buyers are being a bit more patient and looking to be opportunistic with pricing retrades, and sellers are seeing thinner buyer pools due to the abundance of options available in the market. This has impacted the seller's ability to push pricing after initial bids have been received. Movement in interest rates is clearly the largest driver that's impacting pricing and therefore, levered buyers are seeing more of an impact on pricing. Unlevered buyers and low levered buyers are still very vibrant in the market. In our markets, we're seeing the market, as Joe mentioned, come to us. We're seeing pricing flat to down as much as 10%. Although as always, it depends on the property and the market. We're seeing the biggest changes in assets that have run the most in pricing recently and those that are attracting buyers that are using the highest leverage points. On average, cap rates compressed roughly 100 basis points over the last year to kind of that 3.25% to 3.75% range as buyers were able to underwrite and capture the significant mark-to-market in the rent rolls. Today, we're seeing cap rates closer to 3.5% to 4% and a little bit higher. Markets like San Francisco and New York haven't been as impacted as they continue to have runway of rent growth versus communities in the Sunbelt that have already benefited from significant rental increases in the run rate over the last several quarters. And what I'd end with is it's important to remember that although pricing has recently moved, like I said, flat to slightly down over almost all assets across our markets and across the country have seen a rapid increase in pricing. And even today with those pricing changes are still more valuable than they were 8 to 10 months ago.
Brad Heffern: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Yes, thanks guys. So on the last call, you guys talked about entering 2023 with a mid- to high single-digit loss to lease. And I was just curious if the updated guidance assume that you recapture some of that loss to lease. And so you'd be entering next year, I guess, at a lower loss to lease position? Or if you still think that you could be within that range?
Mike Lacy: Hey, Austin, it's Mike. We actually still think we're in that range as of right now because with the updated guidance in that back half, would you think market rents are slightly higher than what we provided last quarter. So that will help with that loss to lease as we enter next year.
Austin Wurschmidt: Got it. And then I was just curious if you could talk about where you guys are seeing construction pick up. I mean, yourselves and a number of others had started to pick up a little bit on the development side. But when look across all your markets, where do you see that picking up the quickest? And at what point do you think you start to see supply pick up in any meaningful fashion that it could maybe hinder your elevated driver?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hey, Austin, it's Joe. I think near-term, we feel very good about the supply picture in terms of remained relatively constrained this year and our markets and submarkets were up bit 10% to 20%, but that's only about 1.7%, 1.8%, 1.9% of stock. So very, very manageable level, especially given the level of demand that we're seeing out there. So no real concerns near term. There's obviously some markets that as a percentage of stock or year-over-year growth are a bit more concerning. So a couple of the Sunbelt markets have a percentage of stock up in the 5%, 6%, 7% range. Some of our Coastal markets have a little bit of a residual impact like a New York or Seattle that still have some supply coming through from kind of pre-COVID starts. But I think that starts to dissipate when you look at the coast on a go-forward basis next year. So permits obviously dropped off quite a bit during the downturn in the Coastal markets as capital continue to flow into Sunbelt and therefore, development dollars and permits were flowing into Sunbelt. So you could start to see more pressure in the Sunbelt. Like permit-wise, they're still up 40% versus pre-COVID. So you'll probably see some pressure there coming. Markets like Raleigh and Atlanta and Charlotte that we're not in as well as probably Austin and Nashville continue to see some supply pressures, but balanced with really good demographic and population growth. And if I may see an income growth there, which they haven't seen over time. So hopefully, ability to absorb some of that supply. But generally speaking, supply is pretty well constrained at this point in time.
Tom Toomey: Hey, Austin, this is Toomey. I think Joe did a great job of running down the markets. A couple of things to really weigh is housing as an industry. And you've seen it most recently in the single-family side, where the overall demand for household formation is about 4 million annually, and we're still producing about 2 million. But single-family has taken a little bit of a hit lately with the rate increases, the price run-ups. And so that always pushes people or keep them in their apartments longer. And honestly, I'm not overly worried about the supply equation given that single-family probably has to take a pause, if not retreat, and that's going to give us at least through a strong '22 head into '23, again, another wind at our back that looks favorable for us. So -- and with the difficulty in trying to build in this climate, it's going to slow down that supply equation. So I think it's all going to translate into a pause on the supply side, not an acceleration. We work our butts off to try to keep it at this level. That's going to translate to pricing power on Mike side of the operational equation. So I feel really good about that part of the business. And that demand side, we're seeing strong demand. I mean, strong would be polite. Extraordinarily strong demand across all our markets still.
Austin Wurschmidt: Thanks for all the details.
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hill: Hey, good afternoon, guys. I wanted to come back to this question about or the topic about earn-ins. And the reason I focus on it is because there's a lot of focus on rate of change. So I think the comment that you're making is really important. I just want to make sure I understand it, and I'm unpacking it correctly. I think what you're suggesting is while the rate of change might begin to decelerate, rents are still rising in absolute terms, and that creates embedded growth in '23 as a starting place of around 3%. And then you have growth on top of that based upon wherever you can take occupancies and leasing spreads. Is that the right way of thinking about it? And hopefully, I'm not asking a painfully naive and dumb question. But if you can just help me unpack it a little bit more, that would be helpful.
Mike Lacy: No, Rich, I think you just nailed it right on the head. That's the way we think about it. And as we think about that back half, again, a lot of that is going to be gross rents. So when we entered this year, back half of last year, it was mainly effective. A lot of that was a burn-off of concessions. But as we move forward, we're going to continue to see these market rents rise in some of these markets. For example, San Francisco, Boston, Seattle and D.C., even to some extent, are off the charts right now compared to what we've historically experienced at this time of year. And so as you have that and you go into some of those higher LEM periods of time, that's going to start building up your '23 as well as help you out a little bit in the back half of 2022.
Rich Hill: Yes, I understand. It's an earnings power statement, which makes a ton of sense. Can I ask one follow-up question on renewal spreads. Your renewal spreads are super impressive, especially in April. Maybe walk us through why you're able to push those renewals as much as you can? I suspect some of it has to do with the record low turnover and tenants just willing to accept the renewal as the burden hands better than two in a bush. Can you just walk through that dynamic and what you're hearing with negotiations?
Mike Lacy: It's a really good question. Again, you hit it right on the head. What we're experiencing is with these market rents rising the way that they have been, and we really pushed hard coming out of the gate in January, February, that allowed us to push aggressively on our renewals because on the new side of the equation as well on the market rents, they were supporting those growth rates. So as we've gone out there and we said a couple of months ago, we were going to be sending out that 14% to 15% range. Thankfully, market rents continue to move it the way they were going, and it allowed us to not to negotiate with a lot of our residents because, frankly, the markets have been increasing at such an incredible rate. So you have that. I will tell you, you do have low turnover, which continues to support that. As we move forward, we're definitely anniversarying off of some higher numbers, especially as it relates to the Sunbelt. So we'll have to see how that plays out. But right now, we're still selling out anywhere from 14% to 15% through July at this point.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Rich, it's Joe. Just to follow up on that because while there's a lot of either cyclical or structural dynamics here at play in terms of the record low turnover levels, the relative affordability and reasons to want to live in apartments, I do think it's important to not lose track of what it is that Mike and team are doing differently. And I know you were kind enough to host us in Chicago last December and spent a lot of time talking on the platform and what we're focused on, on customer experience. But I think that's starting to bear fruit as well in terms of the data that we're utilizing to understand resident decisions, changing our actions and activities on a day-to-day basis. So that we can actually give them a better experience, address issues that they may be having and ultimately change the outcomes for that resident and entice them to stay. It's not just about rent and how much they're paying out of their pocket each month. It's about what the experience that they have with us, do they like being there, do they like the neighborhood, do they like the people. And so we're doing a lot of work behind the scenes on that. And so there are some UDR-specific factors that I think play into this in terms of that retention number.
Rich Hill: Yes. I think that's a really good point. And hopefully, trends relaying to you the number of PropTech investors that want to speak to UDR specifically on what you're doing different. So get ready for more of those.
Tom Toomey: We're happy to help.
Rich Hill: All right, guys, [indiscernible]. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pawlowski with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Thanks for the time. Andrew, I wanted to come back to your comments on you're starting to see and your industry colleagues are starting to see pricing flat to down 10%. Can you give us a sense for how broad based that is? Are these a small handful of deals getting kicked to you? Or are you starting to see a broader trend?
Andrew Cantor: Yes. What we're starting to see more broadly is, is that the pools are thinner like I talked about. So when you're getting more, you're seeing less of the pricing move above or get to the levels that we saw earlier in the year. In general, the best assets are still pricing flat to slightly up, but it's really those assets that are further out that benefited from the demand in the marketplace. So those are the ones, the ones that you were looking at, but you really paying as much attention to are the ones we're seeing the larger price changes on. But the ones that we've been buying in the core assets have had a much smaller number of reductions, they're much closer to the 0%.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Makes sense. Then just a few final questions on revenue-enhancing CapEx. And so you guys in the last 7 to 10 years have been quite steady and just in terms of the revenue-enhancing CapEx being open. Have you looked at -- now you have a very long time series of this spend. Have you looked at how kind of all-in unlevered IRRs compared to other alternatives out there just buying additional buildings? And so I'm just curious in terms of the durability of this cash flow is different. And yes, you get a pop on year one rent. But how do like call all-in economics stand up versus alternatives?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hey, John, it's -- I'll say it depends. So you're going to have a broad range within the spectrum, right, in terms of, if you do unit additions, such as what we're doing on Attachment 10 and you have kind of that perpetual life infrastructure that you're putting in place, obviously, the cash-on-cash return that need day 1 to achieve the cost of capital is much lower. the other end of the spectrum and do shorter duration NOI revenue-enhancing CapEx. So a KMB program that may be an 8- to 12-year useful life. You're going to need a higher cash-on-cash return upfront to still get to what we typically target, which is 150, 200 basis points above our cost of capital from an IRR perspective. And so we do a pretty active monitoring process throughout the year. Mike's team, all the deals that are approved to start the year, they're constantly killing off and canceling deals that aren't attaining the rent premiums that we initially underwrite, and then they'll bring new deals to the table as different markets move, and we think we can get pricing power and upside on alternative investment options. So we try to be pretty disciplined around it. I'll say the challenge within that is always how does that premium hold up over time in year 8 or year 12 or year 13. There is a little bit of art, not just science involved in all of this, but I do think we've got a pretty phenomenal track record on that front.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Maybe you could talk more at NAREIT. Just final question for me. Given this has been very recurring, at 7 straight years, you spent over $40 million per year in revenue-enhancing CapEx. At what point do you have to disclose that or include that in AFFO as recurring?
Joe Fisher: I think the industry standard approach has been what's considered more on the maintenance side. And so what's asset quality, what's turnover CapEx that I would say is generally not something that we have discretion over. Those are dollars that you need to spend year in and year out. What we're doing from an NOI enhancing perspective is trying to change that property. So hoping to take it from a B minus to B plus if you will. And so trying to upgrade the quality of that property, that's not something that we have to do year in and year out. We can, of course, choose to turn off that So I think our disclosures are pretty consistent with how the industry looks at it. That said, I know yourself and others as well as ourselves internally spend a lot of time looking at full CapEx loads and looking at those, not just on a per unit, but as a percentage of NOI basis, which I think is important. And so when we benchmark ourselves versus our public peers and where our portfolio should be, we do find that recurring plus NOI enhancing is right down the middle.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Thank you.
Joe Fisher: Thanks John.
Operator: Our next question is from Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Malkin: Hi, everyone. Thanks. First one, just in terms of capital allocation. The Southeast Florida parcel, I don't think you have any investments there, assets there. Typically, you guys are more of a kind of cluster it, you use the synergies and scale of the market and the operations to get the maximum profitability NOI. Is your plan to increase your presence into the Fort Lauderdale sort of Southeast market post the potential development? Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Neil, it's Joe. So we do actually have one asset down there that we've had for a fairly extended period of time. It's a little bit buried in terms of ability to see it on our typical market disclosures. We grouped that into the other market category. So if you go to Attachment 7A within this up, you can see we do have a asset there for 636 homes. So we've had exposure there. It's a market that's between and Palm, we've kept our eye on that market for a while and been trying to find opportunities. So the hope would be that we could continue to grow that exposure over time. But we've liked that market for a while, just finally kind of an opportunity that worked for us.
Neil Malkin: Okay. And then -- other one for me is on Smart Rent. I know that's obviously they are a big part of your next-gen platform. I'm just wondering, with the sort of share price performance, are you concerned about like them as a going concern entity, just again, given that you rely very heavily on those -- on their software platform to sort of run your business? Or are you confident there liquidity and just not an issue?
Joe Fisher: I would say at this point in time, absolutely no concerns from a going concern perspective. I know that their share price has come off from when they did the spec. And so that has impacted in terms of the mark-to-market on our investment there. I think the valuation on our books today is roughly $55 million or so off of a $5 million investment. So when that gets marched next quarter, it probably comes down a little bit more. But from a going concern perspective, absolutely not. They've continued to perform for us, continued to do installs as we expect. So no operational concerns, no install concerns. The products work fantastically well force across the board, not just on expense savings efforts, but also on self touring. So I don't see any issues there. And when you look through their balance sheet from a cash and liquidity perspective, no concerns there either. Obviously, they're just not immune to supply chain disruptions, which I think has had an impact on valuation and multiple as the drawdown in broader tech. So I definitely don't think that's a going concern issue.
Tom Toomey: Neil, this is Tom. That question dovetails into risk management. And with any of our technology, and we've always looked at it and said, if there's a hiccup, are we able to sustain our business model, our interaction with our customer? And I can assure you, with respect to Smart Rent, we work hand-in-hand with them on being able to sustain our business model should there be any disruption by a third-party vendor in any part of our business. And so I think that's just good risk management. Everybody understands it in the industry, and Smart Rent is very cooperative. And then I emphasize on Joe's point about a going concern. We're not going to comment on other companies' business, but what I will say, that product is industry leading and will only continue to grow in penetration and usage. And so when the supply chain aspects are solved, none of us know that. If you do, tell me. They're going to go right back to the races because their book of business is huge.
Neil Malkin: Sure. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Thanks for the time. Just a question on renewals, and I guess, affordability. Chris, I think you said in your prepared remarks that renewal growth should slow given some pressure across some markets. I was maybe just hoping you could expand on that as well as comment on where renewals are being sent out for maybe June. I think you maybe have a sense for that or those have gone out. And just how affordability is at this point, given some of the precipitous increases we've seen in the blended lease rates across the board?
Mike Lacy: Hey, Juan, it's Mike. I'll take that. So just as it relates to the affordability piece, I'd tell you those rent-to-income ratio is something we watch very closely. They haven't really changed a whole lot. With wage increases happening at the rate that they're across all of our markets, we feel pretty good about that. But what I've mentioned with some of the renewal increases as we move forward, we are sending out again in that 14% to 15% range as a whole. But we are seeing some of the markets where you're seeing a little bit more pressure, a little bit more turnover as it relates to rent increases. And just to give you an example, you look at a place like Tampa for us, where we've had very strong rent growth, we're going on almost two years of pushing out double-digit renewal increases. We think that there's going to be a little bit more pressure as we go into 3Q, 4Q because that's when we started pushing so hard last year. And I'll tell you, when we get into some of this data, some of the big data that we have here, we are noticing that in a place like Tampa, where we have longer tenured residents, they're moving out quicker than, say, some of the shorter tenured residents. And on the flip side, a place like for us, it's the opposite. So in New York, you have people that came in over the last year or so, they got a huge concession. You are seeing them move out at a higher rate than some of the people that have been with us for over 2 years, for example. So those are just some of the metrics we continuously watch, and we'll continue to watch them as we move forward. And I think as we get into NAREIT, we'll have a lot more information on what's being sent out and what we're signing as we go into
Joe Fisher: I think, Juan, just as you think about that affordability piece, Mike went through the rent to income. But thinking more broadly than just multifamily in isolation, obviously, the affordability relative to single-family has improved dramatically. And so while our rental income is versus pre-COVID plus or minus the same, that relative affordability versus single-family has gone from, I think, 35% cheaper to about 45% cheaper. so a huge win there given home price appreciation, combined with where interest rates have moved recently. And so multifamily wins on that metric every time.
Juan Sanabria: So is the way to think about what you talked about in Tampa that people who maybe moved down with higher income, at least initially maybe from New York, had a much bigger budget to spend, and therefore, drove up rents, rent-to-income ratios didn't move because they were coming in at a much higher price point, I guess, given their income. But that may be is -- that benefit is subsiding and you don't really have that arbitrage as much going on. Is that kind of what's going on?
Mike Lacy: Yes, that's a good way to look at it. And we think that they are a little bit more stickier. We think they've created a lot more job down there. The wage growth has been incredible. So that's helping out as well. So that's just some of the experience. And again, it's only a couple of months of information right now. So it's not necessarily a trend yet, but it's something we're definitely starting to watch.
Tom Toomey: Juan, it's Toomey, just couple of data points that are helpful. One, it's great that Mike has all this data at his access and can look at how he's pricing and thinking about the future with respect to turnover, pricing power, what a resident composition is. But on the rent to income piece, with record load turnovers, our average resident is 34 years old, they've been with us on average 28 months. And so over that 28-month period, I can guarantee you that they've gotten a few raises, their positions have improved. So income growth is a huge driver of potential pricing power. And we -- as you can see in our G&A number, we're handing out raises. And that's what it takes. And if you've hired anybody lately, you've probably been a little shocked at the sticker. So wage growth in America, we haven't seen this type. I can't remember ever seeing this type of numbers moving. So I think that embedded resident who's been with us for 3, 4 years has done really well and has the ability to pay these higher rents. And that's hard to capture their real-time database.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Dennerlein: Hey, everyone. I wanted to explore a similar topic. In the opening remarks, you mentioned that renting across your portfolio or within your markets is, I think, 45% cheaper than owning across those markets. I guess what's the long-term average? Maybe how should we read into this? Does this imply will see kind of rents kind of keep climbing so you get to that more normalized level? Or maybe it's just not even mean reverting? Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Yes. Thanks, Josh. It's a long-term average is plus or minus 35% cheaper when you look across our markets, and that's really looking at kind of a trailing 10-year type of number. So I think when you get to kind of these levels of extremes, we go back to financial crisis when homeownership peaked out around 69 dropping the low 60s. And so you went from a homeownership nation to more of a rentership in terms of household formation. And so I think you can use that as an example. I think it bodes well in terms of as new household formations are formed. Rentership should gain more than their fair share of that housing and the demand itself. I think it's another tailwind as we kind of head into '23 and look at population growth, income growth, hopefully improved immigration policy. The relative affordability piece definitely tilt in our favor. And so I think it's just more of a long-term benefit for us, hopefully.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. Any particular market kind of stand out? Do you look at it on a market-by-market basis or just portfolio-wide?
Joe Fisher: Yes. We've looked at both individual markets and obviously, from a bigger picture just portfolio perspective. I think it's interesting when you look at some of the Coastal markets, that dynamic has actually improved a little bit versus long-term averages. So Coastal markets always are significantly more expensive to own than rent. And that's probably moved even a little bit more so than the average in terms of favor. And then if you go down to Sunbelt house has improved, but probably not quite as dramatically. And you a follow-up can market-by-market. 
Joshua Dennerlein: Yes. That’s interesting. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Connor Mitchell with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Connor Mitchell: Hi, thank you. Thank you for taking my questions. So I have two questions. First, you're running at about 97% occupancy and recently raised $400 million, both of which sound like positioning the company for potentially tougher times ahead. At the same time, you guys sound enthusiastic on new investment. So can you help us understand are you leaning more towards an offense or a defensive position?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hey, Connor, it's Joe. So I definitely wouldn't say that the raising of equity signals that we're positioning for more defensive times ahead. If you go back to what we did last year, where we issued $1 billion plus of capital and invested [indiscernible] transactions, we did that because we had a good cost of capital and opportunity set that was accretive for investors. And those assets now that we bought at kind of low 4s and they grow over time. On a mark-to-market basis, I think they're up into mid- to high 5s yield at this point in time. So that's done fantastically well. I don't know if there's a next round of capital deployment is going to be quite as accretive, but we hope that it will. We've got a lot of unique value creation drivers that when we find the opportunity set out there, which at times are difficult, it takes a lot of effort. But if we can find them, then we're more than happy to raise that equity. I think on the 97% side, I don't think that's necessarily a defensive mechanism. We've consistently run above 97% over the last several years that in early in the COVID crisis. We think we can actually run higher than that over time. When you look at what we're doing in terms of try and compress vacant days, and how we're trying to retain more residents through the customer experience and then continue to augment and reengineer the pricing engine, we don't see why that number doesn't actually go higher, while not actually sacrificing anything on the rental revenue side. And so I think that number should tick higher over time. So I definitely say we're not positioning defensively. That said, we're very cognizant of the risks that are out there right now.
Connor Mitchell: Okay. Yes, that's helpful. And then my second question is the part of the community has been pretty well organized in California to advocate for open markets and against rent control. Are you seeing this banding together effort in other markets like New York, Boston, D.C., et cetera, to advocate similarly?
Chris Van Ens: Yes, Connor. No, that's a good question. This is Chris. I mean, obviously, CAA is very well funded. They're very well connected. They're probably the preeminent organization, apartment organization at the state level around the country. But you see a lot of cohesion in the state of Washington, for example. You mentioned New York with [indiscernible] or RSA. A lot of the large players advocate with them with our dollars, with our time, all that kind of stuff, the exact same thing down in D.C., Maryland, Florida. I think all of us are very involved really in every market, and it's different than 5 to 10 years ago. 10 years ago, if you thought about things like rent control, just et cetera, there were a number of states largely in the Sunbelt that you just didn't even have to pay attention to. That has changed. We're not seeing a lot of action in those states yet, but there's definitely more discussion on the topic. So yes, we are heavily involved. All of our public peers are heavily involved. And once again, we have to keep on educating people, the decision makers, the voters about why rent control is not the most effective way to address affordability issues.
Connor Mitchell: Great. Also helpful. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey, for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Thank you for all of you and your time and interest in UDR. I started off the call with the strongest operating environment in my career, and I cannot reemphasize that. This is, one, it is the strongest no question about it. But looking over the Q&A and the topics, and we appreciate all of your interest and those questions. I see a trend towards what are the short-term aspects of our business and how is it performing. And we can appreciate your interest in that level. But I also think it gives us an opportunity to focus on what's the long-term value creation. And the industry is in great position. A lot of participants are doing very well, creating a lot of value. And as we look at UDR and its uniqueness and how we can sustain that and provide exceptional returns, it always starts with the culture of the enterprise. And the culture is very strong. We've done come through COVID and prospered well during that environment. It's also the processes that we use, both decision-making, discipline and data. I think the things that make us unique and different is our innovation, our technology being applied and delivering margin advantage. And lastly, having a broad set of opportunities and value creators, whether that's market exposure or different programs to create value through all cycles. And that is the value of an enterprise if they can manage all cycles and continue to create value throughout. I thank all my associates, fellow associates, strong quarter. We're approaching prime leasing season, excited about it, what the platform is going to be able to do and continue to grow. And with that, I'll close and say we look forward to seeing a lot of you at NAREIT in a few weeks, and take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-09 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to UDR’s Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo. You may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR’s quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website ir.udr.com. In this supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made on this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although, we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR’s Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent. And welcome to UDR’s fourth quarter 2021 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy; and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher who will discuss our results. Senior officers, Harry Alcock; Matt Cozad; Andrew Cantor; and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. 2021 was a remarkable year for UDR and one that was filled with a variety of accomplishments and milestones, including, first, we completed the roll out of Platform 1.0 across our markets, thereby fully transitioning to a self-service business model. This implementation enhances customer service, resident satisfaction and has delivered nearly $20 million or 3% in additional run rate NOI through margin expansion, driven primarily by lower controllable operating expenses. Our controllable operating margin is now 250 basis points above our peers at the same average rent level and even higher for private operators. Second, we are accretively grew the company through $1.5 billion of acquisitions that utilized many of our repeatable operating and capital allocation competitive advantages. Funding these fully equities transactions with attractively priced capital further enhanced our value creation and balance sheet strength. This approach and subsequent execution has added 1% to 2% to our run rate earnings based on stabilized yields. Third, we generated total shareholder return of over 61%, which extends our track record of outperforming peer and all REIT return indices over time. Fourth, we published our third Annual ESG Report, which further supported our ongoing commitment to continually improve our corporate citizenry. In the report, we introduced enhanced greenhouse gas emissions and energy usage reduction targets, and highlighted the support that we have provided to associates and residents during the pandemic, including helping to secure over $28 million in rental assistance funds for those in need. These ESG actions and others led GRESB to recognize UDR as a global leader in sustainability and at the highest rated publicly listed residential company worldwide with a score of 86. Last, we conducted our Biannual Associate Engagement Survey, to which we are remarkable 97% participation rate. Key findings were UDR associates enablement scores were well above norm for high performing companies and a very high percentage of UDR employees believed that diverse opinions are valued at our company and those with diverse backgrounds can succeed. As we embark on our 50th year as a public company, I am excited about the opportunities ahead for us. We have a track record of consistent FFOA growth and TSR performance, as evidenced by our better than peer median earnings growth in seven years of the last nine years and significant TSR outperformance over rolling five-year periods over the past decades. We believe this robust performance will continue going forward due to, first, favorable fundamentals, apartment rental demand is robust and pricing power is as strong as I have seen in my 30-plus-year career. Second, our unique operating and capital allocation value creation drivers that should continue to drive margin expansion in excess of our industry. And third, our Next Gen operating platform and innovation tool, which compounds the benefits our best-in-class operations and the use of advanced AI data science to drive growth opportunities and cost savings. Regarding external growth, our plan is to continue to identify targeted accretive opportunities that utilize our competitive advantages. Our focus will remain on, one, finding under managed deal next door acquisitions that afford elevated margin expansion through greater on site efficiencies, two, securing DCP investments that deliver high current yield with embedded acquisition optionality, and three, expanding development and redevelopment opportunities that enhance NOI. What worked well for UDR in 2021 should continue to generate relative upside in 2022 and beyond, our best-in-class operating acumen and ability to accretively allocate capital across our diverse portfolio should continue to differentiate us versus public and private peers. Considering these attributes, we expect FFOA per share growth of over 12% at the midpoint and dividend growth of 5% in 2022. These positions UDR well to again generate attractive total returns for our shareholders. Mike and Joe will provide additional color on our guidance in their commentary. To summarize my thoughts on actions taken during 2021, we accretively grew the company by $1.5 billion, we were far more active than peers in utilizing attractively priced equity and we fundamentally changed how we interact with our customer by moving to a self-service business model through our Next Gen operating platform. As stewards of your capital, we appreciate your trust in our people, process and strategy, which has been critically in enabling us to build and continue to build and deliver on our vision. Last, our long-term success has been and will continue to be founded on our people and our culture. We all have experienced a lot of change over the past two years and I’d like to express sincere gratitude to my fellow UDR associates for their hard work, their compassion and their willingness to think outside the box. I look forward to another strong year of growth in 2022 and beyond. With that, I will turn it over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thank you, Tom. To begin, strong same-store results supported fourth quarter FFOA per share at the high end of our previously provided guidance range. Sequential same-store cash revenue grew 3% in the fourth quarter, defying the traditional seasonal slowdown. Key components of our 9% and 11.4% year-over-year same-store cash revenue and NOI growth included; effective blended lease rate growth of 11.7%, which accelerated sequentially by 350 basis points versus the third quarter and was supported by minimal concessions granted; weighted average occupancy of 97.1%, 100 basis points higher than a year ago; and annualized turnover of approximately 35%, which declined by more than 650 basis points versus a year ago and was approximately 500 basis points below our historical fourth quarter turnover rate. These favorable trends have continued into 2020. Demand for multifamily housing remains unseasonably strong. January occupancy ticked up to 97.4% and blended rate growth continued to accelerate to over 13%, as we sustained rate growth to strengthen our 2022 and 2023 rent roll, with market rents already increasing approximately 2% to start 2022. Market rents continue to demonstrate strength and our loss-to-lease last has held steady at 11%. We are capturing this embedded upside by driving rental rate higher and utilizing platform initiatives unique to UDR. Expanding on our industry-leading platform, we have now fully rolled out Platform 1.0of our Next Gen operating platform across all our markets and have turned our attention to the next phase, which we call Innovation 2.0. This builds upon our unique self-service model that has permanently reduced head count at our communities by 40% on average, driven our control of operating margin 250 basis points above peers at the same average rent level, increased our residents satisfaction scores by 24% since 2018, and generated nearly $20 million of incremental NOI on our legacy communities. We view Innovation 2.0 as the next evolutionary step that will further expand our controllable margin versus public and private peers as we continue to differentiate ourselves within the industry. Arriving at the intersection of data and decisions, we are leveraging data to better understand resident and prospect decisions, making to improve resident experience, while driving rents retention, vacant days, other income and controllable expenses. With a higher focus on revenue growth and Platform 1.0, we have identified five big picture topics that have a max potential to deliver more than $100 million of incremental runaway NOI. This includes pricing engine optimization that turns shoppers into buyers, reducing vacant days, leveraging residents and prospect data to improve their experience, increase our share of resident wallet and additional controllable expense reductions. We have already identified near-term operating initiatives among these categories that should deliver at least $20 million of incremental runway NOI over the next 24 months. Our platform also broadens our acquisition and capital allocation opportunities as we can scale our operations, drive more expense control and introduce unique other income opportunities. UDR has been the most active acquirer in our peer group over the last three years and we have a demonstrated ability to consistently drive outsized growth at these new communities by implementing our platform and other unique value creation initiatives. Thus far, we have expanded the weighted average yields on our nearly $1 billion of third-party acquisitions from 2019 by 70 basis points to 5.5% and above 6% on a mark-to-market basis once loss-to-lease is captured. This 33% yield improvement is well in excess of market growth alone. Harry, Andrew and our transaction team have done an excellent job finding deal next door acquisitions in desirable markets where we can create value through our platform capabilities, and we expect similar yield expansion from our $1.8 billion of late 2020 and full year 2021 acquisitions, due to our repeatable competitive advantages. Already, these acquired communities are outperforming year end underwriting by an average of 20 basis points and have 90 basis points of incremental upside on a mark-to-market basis based on current loss-to-lease. Our yield on these acquisitions would be in the mid-5% range upon capturing this upside. Turning to 2022 guidance, we expect to achieve 8.5% same-store revenue growth and 11% same-store NOI growth at our midpoint on a straight line basis. To provide some color on the drivers of this growth, first, we expect effective blended rate growth of approximately 6.5% to 7.5%, with blended rate growth in the first half of 2022 in the 10% to 11% range. Second, we expect occupancy to remain relatively high and average 97.2% to 97.4% or 10-basis-point to 30-basis-point improvement our full year 2021 results. But to be clear, our focus is on driving rents, and we expect to maximize revenue by keeping occupancy around the current level. And third, we expect controllable operating expense growth to be limited to the 2% to 3% range or 50 basis points better than our overall same-store expense growth. While the above assumptions imply a second half slowdown and blended rate growth closer to historical norms, it is important to know that we are not seeing any signs today that would point to a slowdown of that magnitude. Demand, traffic and wage growth remains strong. Relative affordability is in our favor and rents continue to move higher. The high end of the range would be achieved by a continuation of current demand trends and blended rate growth remained higher than typical seasonal rates. Conversely, the low end of our range reflects the continued challenges coming from, one, regulatory restrictions on renewal rate growth and fees, two, the approximately 500 long-term delinquent residents, half of which have been nonresponsive to our efforts in seeking government assistance, three, the elongated or prohibited eviction process in roughly 65% of our markets with a two-month to six-month process for courts to process evictions where they are allowed, and four, cycling more difficult comps in the back half of 2022. Therefore, our full year guidance embeds some initial conservatism on the second half of 2022. However, we will have visibility on 65% to 70% of our full year rent roll by the end of April and plan to reassess our guidance assumptions as we enter the traditional peak leasing period. We are convicted in our upcoming results and are pricing our apartment homes to both capture the current rent opportunity and build a strong rent roll that should support attractive same-store growth in 2023 as well. Moving on, we see broad-based pricing strength across our portfolio. Concessions remain almost nonexistent and we are only offering one week to two weeks on average in select submarkets within San Francisco and Washington, D.C. At the portfolio level, growth potential rents are up 5% to 6% on average versus pre-COVID levels. Incomes are up similar amount, so rent income ratios have remained stable in the low 20% range. This support strong pricing power given the trajectory of wage inflation, relative affordability among housing options and our current laws to lease of 11%, across our markets and product types excluding the approximately 10% of NOI that remain subject to regulatory restrictions and limits on renewal increases, we have seen a convergence in effective growth rates among our urban and suburban, Sunbelt and Coastal and A&B quality communities. We expect this trend to continue as the year progresses. Finally, we remain successful in accessing rental assistance programs, which benefit our collections. During 2021, we sourced more than $28 million in assistance for residents in need, with $10 million of this coming during the fourth quarter in a similar pace continuing to January. We have another $13 million of application process, with the majority related to residents and former residents in California and the State of Washington. We continue to have only a small segment of less than 1% of our residents that are long-term delinquent, but many of the markets in which we operate face delays or restrictions in the eviction process. Nevertheless, we are leveraging the work of our dedicated governmental affairs team to mitigate the risks associated with the regulatory backdrop and generate positive outcomes for residents, the company and our stakeholders. In closing, 2022 has started even stronger than 2021 finished. We continue to innovate and enhance our industry-leading operating platform and I thank all of my colleagues for their dedication to setting the bar higher on how we do business. And now, I will turn over the call to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our fourth quarter and full year 2021 results and our initial outlook for full year 2022, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity, and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Our fourth quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.54 achieved the high end of our previously provided guidance range and was supported by strong same-store revenue growth and accretive transactions. Not captured in FFOs adjusted is the approximately $35 million of realized and unrealized gains from real estate technology investments during the quarter, primarily from SmartRent becoming a public company. The nearly $60 million of full year 2021 gains related to these investments have effectively funded Platform 1.0 infrastructure, including our proprietary data hub, AI and data science initiatives, and the installation of SmartHome technology across our portfolio. Looking ahead, our full year 2022 FFOA per share guidance range is $2.22 to $2.30. The $2.26 midpoint represents a more than 12% increase versus our full year 2021 result of $2.01. This increase is driven by the following, a $0.27 benefit from same-store joint venture NOI, a $0.03 benefit from non-same-store communities through additional accretion and yield expansion from our fully equities 2021 acquisitions, offset by $0.02 from higher interest expense, $0.02 from increase in our development pipeline and the initial lease up drag on several projects and $0.01 from increased G&A expense. For the first quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.53 to $0.55. This is supported by continued positive sequential same-store NOI growth and accretion from recent capital allocation activities, offset by the January payback of our 1200 Broadway DCP investment, development lease up drag and higher G&A. For same-store guidance, our full year revenue and NOI growth ranges on a straight line basis are 7.5% to 9.5% and 9.5% to 12.5%, respectively, 100-basis-point difference between our cash and straight line same-store guidance ranges as outlined on Attachment 14 of our supplement, account for the residual impact of amortizing prior concessions that are not expected to repeat in 2022. Should market strength remain, emergency regulatory measures continue to sunset and we are able to capture market pricing, we believe there’s upside to these initial forecast. However, the embers is true as well. Finally, our 2022 annualized dividend of $1.52 per share, represents a healthy 5% increase compared to our 2021 dividend, which enhances our total return profile. Based on our AFFO per share guidance, our 2022 dividend reflects a payout ratio of 74%, which is similar to our pre-pandemic payout ratio in the low 70% range. Additional guidance details, including sources and uses expectations are available on Attachment 14 and 15D of our supplement. Next, our transactions update. Our gross 2021 acquisition activity total approximately $1.5 billion. During the fourth quarter, we accretively acquired three communities for roughly $410 million, sold one community for $126 million and committed $52 million to a new DCP investment. One of our recently completed acquisitions was sourced from our DCP portfolio and partially funded through the issuance of OP units, illustrating both the embedded optionality we have with these investments and our access to a diverse and accretive capital allocation menu. Most of our 2021 acquisitions have been in markets that are predictive analytics framework identified as desirable, nearly all are located proximate to other UDR communities and all have been matched funded with accretively priced equity and disposition capital. We will continue to utilize this asset selection playbook moving forward to generate outsized yield expansion through our multiple value creation drivers, which enhance year one through year three yields well in excess of what the market alone provides. Please refer to yesterday’s release for additional details on recent transactions. Moving on, our investment grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include, first, we have only $290 million of consolidated debt or just over 1% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2025 after excluding amounts on our credit facilities and our commercial paper program. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best three-year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 2.8%. Second, as of December 31st, our liquidity totaled $1.4 billion, as measured by our cash and net credit facility capacity, and including the approximately $235 million and future expected proceeds from the settlement of our outstanding forward equity sale agreements. Last, largely due to fully equitizing 2021 acquisitions and an upward inflection in NOI, our financial leverage continues to improve and was 22% on enterprise value inclusive of joint ventures, while net debt-to-EBIDTA was 6.4 times down from 6.8 times a year ago. Taken together, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape, our liquidity position is strong, our forward sources and uses remain balanced, and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation competitive advantages to create value. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes in the line of Nick Joseph with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. You talked about being active on external growth over the past year and kind of the playbook of buying properties, your existing UDR assets. How does the pipeline look today in terms of that external growth opportunity?
Joe Fisher: Hey. Nick, it’s Joe. Good to hear from you. Yeah. I guess, I’d say, pipeline got a little bit lighter at year end and Andrew Cantor will probably give you a little bit of color on cap rates and kind what we are seeing today. But, yeah, over the last year, we have been pretty active on the external growth front, trying to target markets that we believe are set up for good long-term growth, as well as assets specifically that fit within the platform and have all the value creators that we are typically looking for. You did see, though, we went pretty light on any external growth and new equity issuance there in the fourth quarter subsequent to last quarter’s call, really driven by the fact that we want to make sure we find accretive deals and match fund those. So, it kind of gives you a signal a little bit for how we are looking at the pipeline throughout the fourth quarter. But, Andrew, can you kind of tell them what you are seeing in the market today?
Andrew Cantor: Yeah. This is Andrew Cantor. It’s good to hear your voice. Cap rates have come down probably 25 basis points to 50 basis points since last year to kind of a range of 3.5% to 4%. One of the key things is there’s little diversification between market and construction type, location and age. So we are going to continue to look for the acquisitions where we can have a competitive advantage. Like, Joe said, it’s where we can create repeatable above market NOI, so really leveraging the operating platform, focusing on the deal next door where we have visibility into the opportunities that enhance both operations and a quality of the improvement to create meaningful long-term value creation, invest in markets that are identified by our predictive analytics model, implement capital programs to enhance the community, and of course, there’s always an addition to the actual market rent growth that will vary by individual markets and is likely priced into the asset.
Nick Joseph: Thank you. And then you mentioned the focus on ESG and the initiatives, I think, you talked about energy and greenhouse gas emissions. How are you thinking about the cost and the return on those programs?
Tom Toomey: Yeah. So, when you look at our Corporate Responsibility Report that we put out this year and, we talked a little bit about the score of 86 and how proud we are in the efforts there and not just GRESB, but all the all around efforts. Let’s say, what you will see us committed to and what I will speak more to on a go forward basis is the commitment to science-based target initiatives on a go-forward basis. And so as we work through that process, we are going to get a lot better handle on what our longer term targets, what are the actions we are going to need to take. And so we are going to look across that in terms of prioritization by what’s the carbon footprint by assets, as well as the regulatory overlay as some of these markets have a little bit more of a regulatory constraint or a push, if you will, you are seeing a lot of Climate Act mobilization type of things, targeting net zero, taking place in states like California, Washington, New York and others. So, in terms of the dollars in returns, probably too early to say at this point, we have had a pretty active approach to it, installing more solar, more EV, things of that nature over the last five years to 10 years. But we will continue to refine that as we get into the SO -- SBTi and kind of talk it through next year with the investor base.
Nick Joseph: Thank you very much.
Tom Toomey: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Pallone with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Pallone: Great. Thank you. I think this is probably for Mike. Can you talk about what you have embedded in guidance in terms of market rent growth, because I think you have mentioned the 2%? That sounds like it’s already unfolded in the last month or so. But just curious what you have baked into the guide over the course of the year? And then, I guess, in that same regard, I should be able to do this math. It doesn’t always work, like, where does that put those spreads, like, come the fourth quarter, like, do they go from 13% to 3% or 6% or maybe help us with that trajectory?
Mike Lacy: Hey, Tony. Yeah. No. I appreciate the question. I think, first and foremost, it’s good to back up and just think about how 2022 was made up. And the earning we have referenced previously is around that 2.7%. And in my prepared remarks, I mentioned our blends are 10% to 11% in the first half. And basically, you have to take those two numbers, add them up, divide it by 2 and that gives you a pretty good idea of where your effective rents should be for the year. And frankly, that’s around 700 basis points of our 8.5% that we have for midpoint on a straight line basis for revenue. So that gives you an idea of how much is being made up of rents today, and again, it’s a lot of what already happened and what’s about to happen in this first half of the year. But that being said, we have received some questions regarding our loss-to-lease and kind of the 6.5% to 7.5% that we have on blends for the year, so let me just take a minute to walk you through that. First, when we originally sent out our renewals for January and February of this year, we expected more typical seasonality and that is we expected flattish sequential growth as it relates to 4Q of last year. And frankly, we saw a 200 basis point increase in market rents to start the year. So we essentially banked additional growth early 2023, assuming fundamentals remain strong. Second, the regulatory restrictions on rental rate increases have and will continue to restrict our ability to fully capture market growth in some of our markets in 2022. But assuming these restrictions sunset at some point this year, we do expect to capture that rate growth in 2023. And third, I’d tell you, as you know, we need to maximize revenue growth, not just rental growth, and as such, occupancy and retention affect our renewal calculus. For some of our markets, we already gave existing residents big pops last year, popping them with 15% to 20% rate increases again this year, especially in the Sunbelt, could cause rent growth fatigue, but time will tell, so we will see how that transpires throughout the year. And again, this just means we are going to realize most of this growth as we move into the latter half of this year and really into 2023. So, I would tell you, overall, Tony, we are expecting to capture our existing loss-to-lease and future market rent growth over the next two years, not just 2022. And to put this potential in perspective, assuming 2022 plays out like a typical year when market rents grow throughout the year, we would expect to have mid-to-high single-digit loss-to-lease moving into 2023, as well as a strong earn-in should fundamentals continue to hold up. And frankly, we will know more in the next few months, when we get on our call in April, we will be able to discuss these trends in more detail and we will have a better idea of what the back half looks like.
Anthony Pallone: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. And then my follow-up question is just more on the capital side, maybe for Harry or Andrew. With regards to cap rates, like, what -- you mentioned a 3.5% to 4% market number. But given just the move in NOI we are seeing to bounce back, like, what is that based on, is that -- are people adjusting cap rates now that the look ahead is a lot provide higher NOI or just the pound for pound asset values just really going up quite commensurate with NOI?
Tom Toomey: Hey. Tony, it’s good to hear you. So, if I am understanding your question, you are asking, how are people underwriting those deals today?
Anthony Pallone: Yeah. Just try to understand, like, we are still tight, like when we started to talk about cap rates in the three years, it was off of kind of trough NOI, we are seeing pretty big rebounds here. So are the asset values keeping pace or are we going to be talking about for caps in a few quarters, just because NOI is higher or how -- what’s happening with that?
Tom Toomey: Yeah. I mean, in today, I mean, people are definitely are underwriting rent growth that none of us have seen, right? This is -- we are achieving rent growth at the property level that’s higher than we have seen in most of our careers. And so what’s happening is, people are no longer looking and saying, hey, this rent growth is, will catch it in market -- in our market growth, we are now looking at loss-to-lease and we are pricing assets based on the current trend of leasing moving forward, right? So, you are capturing a much greater level of NOI in that first year than you would have normally. So that’s what -- that’s where you are getting a lot of growth. So people are willing to pay a lower cap rate today, because in the short-term, right, in that first 12 months, you are going to capture a lot of that loss to lease.
Anthony Pallone: So these…
Mike Lacy: Tony, listen to me…
Anthony Pallone: 3.5…
Mike Lacy: …I’d probably just add to it. I mean, the wall of capital chasing this asset class is off the charts. And when you go talk through people about their capital and what their leverage plans are and their sensitivity about rates, they are kind of less -- we are comfortable with a low profile on the leverage and we just -- we are underweight this asset class. We have to buy it to get back into the weighting we want and we like the long-term attributes of it, how it performs up times, down times. And so, I think, the wall of capital overcomes any interest rate environment. Assets go up next year. The NOIs, you can see from our guidance and everyone else’s. We think it’s a strong NOI window in 2022, 2023. And so, I think, asset values are going up, cap rate calculations, they are always all over the map.
Anthony Pallone: Okay. So people are willing to pay these cap rates even on the higher forward NOI, it sounds like?
Mike Lacy: Absolutely.
Anthony Pallone: Okay. Thank you.
Tom Toomey: Tony, very -- just a couple other things. I think as more of this inflated NOI growth is behind us, you will probably do see cap rates move up a little. But remember, you are embedded NOI is higher, so therefore values are probably also likely higher. The second thing that’s happening is replacement costs continue to move up and so if replacement costs are up 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, I mean that, that becomes sort of another metric the buyers look at when assessing an appropriate price for an asset and overall asset values. You still have a lot of positive momentum as it relates to asset values.
Anthony Pallone: Right. Great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hill: Hey, guys. First of all, thank you for all the transparency on the guide and what’s included, what’s not included. Can you tell me for a second, I just wanted to maybe understand this a little bit better. If I take your loss-to-lease and let’s just assume I can certainly give you 50% credit for recapture of that. You have 2% rent increases already in January. Doesn’t that get me to 7.5% versus your same-store revenue guide, which is on a cash basis not too far off from that? Why isn’t this supposed to be something much higher than that? And I recognize that you said you are going to have more visibility and there’s some conservatism built in the second half. I am just trying to do the gymnastics myself where -- trying to understand where it potentially could go. So what’s wrong in the math that I am thinking through and maybe how should I should I be thinking about it?
Joe Fisher: No. Rich, I think, you are thinking about it right and that’s where we have visibility today, we do see that earn-in starting to really take hold and that’s why we have those blends of 10% to 11% upwards through the second quarter. After that we start to enter our leasing season and we want to see just how that starts to play out to some degree. That being said, we do think that there’s more opportunity in the back half of this year. We just want to wait and see how that plays out.
Rich Hill: Okay. Helpful. Can we talk about expenses for a second, I was pleasantly surprised by the guide. I think it was at 3% at midpoint. That seems pretty good relative to inflation. Is there anything specifically with your Next Gen operating platform that’s driving that lower? How should we think about that?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. No. It’s a really good question. And I think the best way to do this is break it down for you. So, to your point, that 3% midpoint. But when you look at our controllable expenses, we expect between 2% to 3% and a lot of this does have to do with what we have done with the platform. For example, personnel, as we go into this year, we really expect between zero percent to 2% growth. Some of that’s based on the stuff that we already put in place and we get that benefit in the first half of this year. But that’s a big piece of it. And then R&Ms are going to start to come back down in that 4% to 5% range, much lower than what you have been seeing over the last year or two, because we have basically gone through and we have already entered into the third-party contracts with our groups. We are starting to cycle through that. So we expect a more normalized rate going forward. And then on our marketing side, we expect flat growth. So, again, controllable expenses in that 2% to 3% range compares to 2.2% in 2021 and really 1% over the last three years. So the platform has really allowed us to get pretty efficient as it comes to controllable expenses. And then on the non-controllables, which as you know makes up about 45% of our stack were between 3.5% and 4% expectations this year, compares to about 5.3% in 2021 and that’s basically made up of taxes of 4% to 5% and then our insurance in that zero percent to 5% range.
Rich Hill: Got it. And then just maybe one follow-up question going back to the guide, what the heck happened in January, look, I recognize that January is seasonably strong relative to 4Q, but it’s almost like a light switch and so you have boots on the ground and we just write about things for a living, what happened in January, is there anything fundamentally different and is this the new normal or are you watching to see if this was an aberration for some reason?
Tom Toomey: Excellent question. And I will tell you that it points back to retention. When we entered the year, we expected we were going out with some pretty high renewal increases and we expected we would see more move outs. Frankly, we have 300 less move outs in January and the fact that we have more people living with us. We were allowed to push our market rents even further than we ever expected. So, I think it goes back to we sent out some pretty aggressive renewals, people took them, they are not moving, starting to see a very similar trend in February. So it gives us a little bit of wind at our back if you will.
Rich Hill: Great.
Joe Fisher: I’d say too. I mean, we have talked about this in the past. I mean, it’s been throughout the last 12 months and I think you can take a look at a couple of different things. But obviously there’s demand side when you look at what’s taking place in wages and balance sheets, those are obviously in a very positive position. When you look at demographics, the household unbundling, what’s going on with migration trends, some of those type of things. I think the relative value side when you look at single-family value proposition relative to multi. Multi is in a very good position. But when you look at migration trends just within our markets, I think, all of our markets are in pretty good demand at this point in time. So Mike have some pretty good stats for you in terms of what’s going on in New York, San Fran, Sunbelt, some of that stuff that we are seeing on new move-ins.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. Thanks for taking that up, Joe. I think that’s a really good point. When you look at our move-outs at in general, we had more former residents staying within the metro area. When you think about our portfolio, we have 77% of move-outs staying within the MSA and this compares to 78% last year. Just to give you a few markets as an example, so New York, 80% versus 80% last year, San Francisco 72% versus 77% last year and then our Sunbelt was at 82% of move-in -- move-outs staying within their MSA versus 80% last year. So, staying relatively consistent. As it relates to move-ins, what we are seeing is a little bit more of a reversal of the trends in 2020. 34% of our move-ins came from outside of the MSA and this compares to 20% the year before. And again, just to give you a little more color on some of the markets, New York, 36% of move-ins from outside the MSA versus 16% the year before, San Francisco was around 40% versus 14% the year before and then our Sunbelt was actually 40% versus 33% the year before. So, pretty promising, overall, coastal markets experienced more people move-in from outside of the MSA. So, very strong trends.
Rich Hill: Perfect. Guys, this is excellent. Thank you.
Tom Toomey: Rich, you sure you don’t want to hear a little bit more about the traffic patterns on the migration side of the equation? Mike…
Rich Hill: I would love to hear…
Mike Lacy: Let me tell you…
Rich Hill: I want to hear anything you want to tell me.
Tom Toomey: We will move on. Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: Yeah. Good morning, guys. I guess, I could ask a question about traffic, but maybe we can parlay that. Maybe you can sort of parlay that into my first real question, which was just on your basic assumption around demand patterns for the second half sort of gets you to the current guidance, which, of course, you have pointed out that you will have a lot more visibility in a couple of months here. But what are you sort of underwriting in terms of basic demand, because if we look at the second half of 2021, depending on the source you look at, it was somewhere between 2x and 3x what is typical and that seem to apply to every market except for New York and San Francisco, let’s say. So what are you sort of assuming on that basis again for the second half of this year?
Mike Lacy: Yeah. Rich, this is Mike. We -- right now we expect pretty typical seasonality and when you look at that 6.5% to 7.5% blend that we gave for the year and I gave you a 10% to 11% in the first half, that implies about a 3% to 4% growth in terms of blend in the back half. So again, it’s coming down more seasonal, and again, we think we do have the wind at our back and maybe there’s some conservatism in there. And we will see when leasing season starts to pick up and we will be able to give you a little bit more color.
Rich Hightower: Okay. Fair enough. And then just on the capital side, I noticed that there’s a big zero for disposition guidance this year. Is that a sort of a sold for X in the sense that you don’t need the capital from that particular source or is it a statement about the, obviously, it’s not a statement about the current ability to sell assets, which is presumably very strong. But just what’s driving that particular element of guidance?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey, Rich. This is Joe. You nailed it on the head there. It’s really sold for X. Meaning that, we have got pretty strong free cash flow sitting out there, call it, $185 million or so, now there’s $235 million of equity and that really funds all of our development and redevelopment CapEx type of needs going into next year. So if we find opportunities, as Andrew Cantor talked about earlier, if the pipeline picks up and we can find accretive opportunities, at that point in time, we will pivot back to do we want dispositions? Is equity priced appropriately at that point in time? So it’s really just kind of how we see the pipeline today and stacking up and starting with zero today. But it wouldn’t be surprised if dispositions pick up as we move throughout the year.
Rich Hightower: Got it. Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks, everybody. Mike, not sure if I missed this from an earlier question, but could you give us what you expect for market rent growth across the portfolio in 2022? And then I am curious if that mid-to-high single-digit loss to lease heading into 2023 you reference, is that based on sort of the conservative guidance that you guys have outlined? And how does that change, I guess, if back half of growth outperforms your initial projections?
Mike Lacy: Yeah. It relates to market rents. We expect again, call it, 6% to 7% for the year, that’s what we are looking at when it comes to new lease growth.
Tom Toomey: First half of X and second half of Y.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. In the first half…
Austin Wurschmidt: And then…
Mike Lacy: … when you think about marker ramps again it’s − we have been blend − giving the blend of that 10% to 11%, say, the new lease growth is a little bit higher than our renewals and both the front half and back half as we continue to push through the year.
Tom Toomey: So what it kind of implies for that back half full year…
Austin Wurschmidt: Yeah.
Tom Toomey: … if you looked at a 4Q 2022 over 4Q 2021, so if you are picking up 10%-plus blends in the first half, a full year of 6% to 7%, your blends in the back half get into the 3% to 4% range, that really aligns with how we are thinking about market rent growth for the full year in 2022. So, a typical year, typical seasonality, what you have seen over time, so assuming back to normalcy. Although, I think as Mike talked about earlier, we are not seeing any signs of that, obviously, with shooting up 2% out of the gates, demand strong immigration trend strong. So not seeing it yet, but that’s what we put in the numbers. And so to your second point, if we do see sustainability of these current trends and market growth continues to pick up, obviously there’s a little bit of a pickup to same-store numbers this year. But the bigger pickup is going to be in terms of that lost lease in terms of mid-to-high single digits we talked about. That’s going to pick up even more and we are going to grow that earning for next year and grow same-store revenue growth for next year. So it becomes more of a next year story of second half as that strength that we are hoping for.
Austin Wurschmidt: Yeah. So I guess it depends on how much market rent growth outperforms, whether or not you can still do better in the back half and end up in the same position or even better position on the lost to lease heading into 2023, is that fair?
Tom Toomey: That’s correct.
Austin Wurschmidt: Okay. Got it. And then based on the 2% move-ins you have seen year-to-date, is that broad-based or are there specific markets that are driving the strength?
Mike Lacy: It’s pretty broad-based. We are seeing kind of that convergence, if you will, across our markets. So we have seen pretty good demand as it is in the Sunbelt and we are also seeing it in our Pacific Northwest, as well as the Northeast markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of…
Tom Toomey: Thanks.
Operator: … Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Heffern: Hey, everyone. Just following up on that last answer that you notably excluded California from that, so I am curious if you could give your thoughts on the Bay Area, where do you think it is in the stages of the recovery and how you see it playing out this year?
Mike Lacy: Yeah. I didn’t mean to leave them out. I apologize for that. So Southern California is definitely a little bit stronger than Northern California today. That being said, San Francisco is the one market where we just -- we haven’t reached those pre-level pre-COVID peak rent, if you will, we are getting closer. And I will tell you right now, we are running around 97% occupancy, the concession levels are a relatively muted at this point in that 1% to 2%, our two-week range and it’s more so down in the kind of Santa Clara, San Mateo than the world, down -- so much as well as downtown, we have actually seen a little bit of a pop in demand. So, right now San Francisco feels like it’s at a sustainable level. That being said, I think we have a few more months before we start to see rents get back to those pre-COVID levels.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Got it. And then on DCP, you guys are guiding to net redemptions this year. Do you have any figure you can give for kind of what the headwind that is for earnings and should we sort of expect net redemptions to continue as long as we are in this current environment?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey, Brad. It’s Joe. Yeah. I am going to step back a little bit because you did highlight the DCP guidance and the net source of capital that it is this year. But we did want to comment a little bit on that relative FFOA growth versus peers because we got a couple of questions or we saw a couple comments and notes on it. So I guess number one, I’d step back and say, we talked upfront in the commentary seven years of the last nine years have continued to outperform the peers on earnings growth over the last three throughout this downturn. I have had a pretty meaningful degree of outperformance. So I think we have had a pretty good history and track record of outperformance. As we sit here and look at relative to peers today, we are about a 1.5% light on 2022 growth. I definitely hope with the team, the competitive advantages, some of the levers that we can pull on growth and operations. Hopefully, we are able to close that gap and continue our track record on a go-forward basis and exceed pure average. But kind of building blocks of it, not normal, everybody has in theirs. What our same-store numbers are. We do have a drag on interest expense, a little bit more debt in the capital stack next year, but we have also assumed about 100-basis-point increase for short-term rates throughout the year. So you have a drag on that front. The G&A front, we do have continued growth as we continue to invest in our people and pay competitive compensation packages, but also continue to invest in the areas of innovation, ESG and human capital, and so we have a number of headcounts that we are adding in those areas to keep driving forward those specific department. And then you get into kind of the external growth pieces. On the development side, if you look on Attachment 9 of the supplement, you can see that we kind of have this unique period of time right now where we have four developments that are all hitting lease-up, which is very rare to have all of them come off cap interest and go into lease-up right at the same time. But if you look at that $350 million of development, you have got between cap interest and NOI only about a 1.5% yield this year. Those assets are meaningfully outperforming our original underwriting. We think those will stabilize out in the 6.5% range. So right there you have a $0.04 to $0.05 pickup or 2% of pickup to earnings sometime over the next year to two years as those work towards stabilization. So that’s a little bit of that drag. DCP, you mentioned, can be choppy at times and we do have a -- that is a net source of proceeds this year. That said, I think, Andrew obviously can talk about the pipeline that we have there, but feel comfortable that over time, we will continue to be able to grow that. And so as redemptions come in, sometimes they may be choppy, but the reality is we are going to look to redeploy. And so, I will turn it over to Cantor in a second. But one last point just on the balance sheet was, we did mention that we fully equitized our transactions last year utilizing equity. So we did give up leverage capacity on that to further our leverage goals and so we accelerated our decline in debt-to-EBITDA which you saw was 6.4 times here in the quarter. So that actually cost us a couple of pennies as well. And so a couple of UDR-specific headwinds, but all of them are setting us up for, I think, on development DCP and on balance sheet better growth on a go-forward basis. But Cantor, can talk -- take you through a little bit what you are seeing on DCP.
Andrew Cantor: This is Andrew. So we do expect to be able to deploy capital into new deals. In addition to providing developers with DCP for new developments, we have recently underwritten several opportunities to provide DCP to owners of existing communities. We do this expansion into the existing product as both an opportunity to accretively invest capital, but also to create a large pipeline of future acquisition opportunities. And I think it’s important to look back at what we have been able to achieve to-date. We have invested almost $665 million in 21 deals since 2013. Of the $371 million or 11 round trips we have achieved, our returns are 11.4%. We feel our returns on our existing pipeline, no, our existing deals will be consistent with what we achieved to-date. And going forward, we are likely to see high single digits to low double digits as we diversify our investment between existing communities and developments. Our returns will likely be adjusted as we look at both the investment in existing product, as well as development on a risk adjusted basis.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Thank you for the long answer.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. I was hoping you can talk a little bit more DCP continuing perhaps how should -- I think you talked about growing that platform $400 million to $500 million previously. So if it’s just a matter of timing that the net shrinkage of the platform in 2021 redemption or has the opportunity sort of backdrop changing. It seems like maybe you are expanding the opportunity to be more − of a more expected acquisition focus. If you could just give us a bit more on that, that would be fantastic.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey, Juan. It’s Joe. So it’s definitely not the overall size of the opportunity set that is necessarily shrunk. We still see a great opportunity out there and so that $400 million to $500 million desire is still on the table. It’s just that we have had a couple of pretty successful outcomes here. We had Orlando the Essex Luxe deal, whereas say buyout earlier than their maturity, but because of that we are able to get a little bit of a discounted price, a little bit better yield. And so, obviously, it costs us a little bit of earnings and proceeds this year, but beneficial net-net to the long-term earnings profile of the company. And then 1200 Broadway we weren’t able to compete on the pricing on that one, but we did have upside participation as you saw on the SAP of around $12 million and so that actually enhanced that IRR -- I think around 14% IRR above and beyond just the press. And so a couple of successful outcomes that just happened to be kind of the short window of time. But typically when you look through our DCP pipeline, you can see the maturities they are on 11B and so when you look down that you can see pretty diversified maturity profile which is what we typically try to do. And so, I fully expect as we move forward throughout the year and continue to grow the pipeline. I think you will see that $290 million tick up to the $50 million that’s already committed to the existing pipeline, so that gets you to $340 million. And our desire and hope is that, Andrew and team continue to find another $50 million to $150 million here over the next 12 months to 24 months to get us back up to that target that we would like to get to. So, not a byproduct of lack of opportunity, just more or so timing right now.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then just my second question on the Next Gen 2.0, it seems like the upside is going up to maybe $15 million to $20 million. Can you just talk about a little bit more on the flavor of those opportunities? Is it more on the cost side and/or the revenue side? And what’s the most near-term opportunity that you think will bear fruit here as we think about the next 12 months to 18 months?
Tom Toomey: Sure. Juan, I always appreciate the chance to talk about a platform. So we talked about this a little bit in the past and we have been pretty successful as we look at our pretty initiatives. And that’s around that $15 million to $20 million we have identified in the near term over the next 12 months to 24 months. The majority of this is on the revenue side of the equation versus the expense. Platform 1.0 really focused on that efficiency piece. This is going after some big dollars in terms of revenue. So when you think about kind of the max potential in those big ideas, if you will, we do have call it three of them that make up almost 75% of that $100 million we are going after. And just to put it in perspective, one of the big ones is pricing and when you think about our rent roll of $1.2 billion, we think we can go after about 1% of that or about $12 million. And this goes back to some of my prepared remarks, creating more buyers for shoppers, working with surge pricing given the level of demand that we are achieving right now, the fact that we have opened up the funnel and we have more traffic coming through. So, basically utilizing our centralized teams as it relates to our sales team here, our marketing team and our pricing team and really getting more aggressive as it relates to those market rents and renewal increases. Aside from that, you have heard us talk a lot about vacant days, on average we are around 21 days. We look at how we can break this down, right? It takes seven days typically to turn a unit and then about 14 days after that. Frankly, we have markets where we can turn units in three days. So leveraging the ways that we do out there, those best practices continuing to get more efficient, we are not going to run 100% occupancy, but if you could, that’s about $40 million to $45 million in potential. So there’s a lot of opportunity and just being more efficient in the way that you drive your occupancy up versus cutting rates. And then, third, it’s really around that resident experience. Understanding our resident better, understanding our future prospects, leveraging again that $1.2 billion in our rent roll, we think we can go after 1% to 2%, so $12 million to $24 million. It allows us to be a little bit more efficient as we retain our residents, as we attract our future residents. And frankly, lets us push our market rents up, if we are able to have a much higher retention rate. So, again, this big picture, big potential items allow us to get pretty aggressive and they are more on the revenue side than the expense side.
Juan Sanabria: That’s it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Malkin: Hey. Thanks, everyone. The first one for me, I think, people have talked a little bit about it, but on the acquisitions. Joe, I don’t know if it was you last time, but it seemed like you guys were talking about just on the acquisition side being pretty aggressive. I think it’s clear to everyone how valuable your Next Gen operating platform has been to your success there. But just your commentary on sort of the end of 2021 kind of a quiet quarter, especially, nothing announced subsequent to quarter end. Your stock price is pretty much where it was before. I mean, really low cost of capital. So, again, is the acquisition commentary just a function of timing or are you seeing cap rates despite the value-add from your -- installing that into your platform just a little bit too low for you right now? Can you just maybe talk about that and if we should kind of change how we think about your aggressiveness or the ability for you to acquire above your peers in 2022?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Fair question, Neil. It’s -- I’d say it’s more of a right product or just the timing of the year. So you see a lot of product brought to the market throughout the year, but as you approach year end, less product being marketed for sale. In addition, the first three weeks, four weeks of the year end up pretty slow up until NMHC Conference and so, you see a lot of deals launch at that point in time. So there’s a lull naturally just given seasonality in the pipeline, but then it starts to pick up again. So I think you have got a little bit of a pipeline issue there. As you mentioned, the platform and you use the word aggressiveness, I will use the word discipline around it. But, yeah, we have been pretty active on that front, trying to make sure we find platform-centric deals and so we are fairly selective. So even when there is a lot of transactions taking place, the reality is they are not all going to fit in terms of which markets do we want, which attributes do we want, are they going to be adjacent to or nearby to an existing assets, we can pod them. So we have been pretty selective. But I definitely wouldn’t take the lack of activity in the last 30 days to 60 days as a sign that we are not continuing to look. We are not being diligent and trying to find more opportunities and similar to DCP and similar to what we are doing on development with growing that pipeline. I think we are going to continue to be active and try to take advantage of the competitive advantages that we have right now.
Neil Malkin: Great. Yeah. I will just call it aggressive discipline, what I mean?
Joe Fisher: Okay. We can meet in the middle on that one.
Neil Malkin: I am just kidding. No problem. I get you. We understand. The other one for me and maybe Mr. Van Ens can chime in. D.C., California, Seattle, I mean, I don’t know, are people going to -- are the deliquesce going to be up by 2025, who knows. But can you just talk about the various either moratoriums or rent renewal increase moratoriums going on in D.C., California and Seattle. Can you just give us overview of where things stand and where you guys expect today? Like as of today, where you see or when you see those things finally expiring and really being able to get your markets − market around growth or renewals back to true market levels? Thanks.
Chris Van Ens: Yeah. Neil, this is Chris. Thanks for the question. Maybe I will back up a second and just talk a little bit more portfolio and then get into some of those markets. It’s a high level and continued to be incrementally positive on where COVID emergency regulations are moving. Think you have seen us and Tom talked about it, very successful in securing rental assistance for our residents thus far. Over $28 million in 2021, we did another $3.2 million or so in January, so that continues. But as you mentioned in those markets and a couple others, environment remains very fluid, still plenty of regulatory challenges to really combat going forward. And you mentioned specifically eviction moratoriums, right now just about 5% of our NOI is subject to actual moratoriums, but 65% of our NOI is kind of experiencing process delays. With regard to our ability to move on long-term non-payers that really refuse to work with us or apply for rental assistance and those process delays are, I mean, you have seen these eviction protections that are granted during the application process, mandated eviction diversion programs. Mike talked about backlog’s court system, et cetera. So for California in particular, March 31st is going to be obviously a very big date to watch. That’s when the state preemption and local moratoriums lapses. We will be keeping an eye on that. We are not going to speculate on potentially where that goes, but obviously, watching to see if any of our municipalities choose to implement anything starting April 1st. But, in general, in total, continue to make progress on all this. A lot of dedicated work from the teams in the field and that corporate. For some of those other markets, we are really looking a little bit more at the legislative front. Obviously, still very early in the process with that, tons of bills are going to come out in the coming weeks and months. All of which we will be closely monitoring. The biggest areas of focus right now, I would say, I think, we are all familiar with New York SB 3082. It’s good cause eviction essentially effectively universal rent control. That remains in committee. We will see if it gets some traction over the coming weeks. State of Washington, we are looking pretty hard at the Bill HB 1904. That actually requires 180-day notice for a rent increase over 7.5 %. And frankly, it includes a lot of other intricacies that just make it more and more difficult to efficiently price our apartments in that state. That Bill is now out of committee but once again continue to monitor. And then there’s a variety of other states, whether it’s Maryland or Massachusetts, excuse me, Virginia, Florida, that have some type of rent control bill, good cause eviction, legislation, et cetera, probably, less likely for success in those states. But once again we are looking all through that. I think it’s just important, though, to say that, given all of this stuff that we see and the challenges we faced, it’s important we stay flexible, importantly, we stay adaptable in our operations approach, just as we kind of move back towards business as usual we hope in 2022 throughout the portfolio.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Neil. This is Joe. Just one other thing closing out, you kind of asked where we think it’s headed. That’s -- I will be qualitative. I thought I’d give you the quantitative to just underline our assumptions there that support Mike’s guidance. So, I guess, number one, just pointing out in 4Q, we saw a couple of comments on page two of our press release. The -- in the quarter cash collections of 95.5% came down from 95.8% in 3Q. They just want to highlight that that’s not a concerning trend to us. That’s a typical seasonal trend. If you went back and look at last year’s supplement, we actually dropped about 70 basis points sequentially. But eventually, all these are -- quarters are getting back to 98%-plus on collections for current residents and that’s really what underlies our guidance for 2022, as 2022 looks a lot like 2021. We get to 98%-plus collected and we will see where some of these eviction moratoriums and other legislative actions go. But right now we think it looks a lot like 2021.
Neil Malkin: Okay. Just so if the D.C., are they done, did that expire, the rent increase moratorium or did they extend that?
Tom Toomey: Yeah. The rent increases expired at the end of this -- end of 2021. So, obviously, we have only had a small portion of time thus far where we could send out increases. Their eviction moratorium essentially ended at the same time, December 31st. But with that being said, there’s still plenty -- as you know there’s still plenty of transitional protections that allow people to stay in homes.
Joe Fisher: And you still do have -- in the D.C. region, Neil, you still got Montgomery County, which is about 2% of our NOI. You got LA, you got New York City rent stabilized, you got CPI plus seven years up in Oregon, CPI plus five years, California, 15 years and older. So there’s other various restrictions as well.
Neil Malkin: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Thanks for keeping the call going. Maybe just a follow-up to that conversation, I know it’s a very difficult number to quantify, but could you give us a sense for how much higher same-store revenue growth would have been this year had there been no COVID-related protections starting January 1?
Mike Lacy: Yeah. When you go through it and think about 98.2%, let’s say, collected for current residents, if you reverted our bad debt back to a typical pre-COVID number, there’s 100-plus basis points to go capture there. And then when you look at what was in place in terms of renewal restrictions and caps, you probably had another 50 basis points at least in the portfolio. So I think you are looking at 100 basis points, 200 basis points benefit last year, this year. But at some point in time, we would hope to get back to a pre-COVID level and be able to capture same-store units and be able to price them per the contracts that are in place. So over time at the tailwind, we hope, but that’s kind of magnitude we are looking at.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Final question for Harry or Andrew, on private market pricing you are seeing right now, as the quarters are all along and pricing becomes increasingly less differentiated. Are you guys finding yourselves just in your minds, at least redlining markets where relative value just doesn’t make sense in certain of your metros?
Andrew Cantor: Well, for us it’s -- we are not redlining any of the markets in particular, we are really just going back to what I discussed earlier, which is just finding the deal next door and finding where we can create efficiencies both from an operating perspective, as well as a capital perspective and leveraging the operating platform. We are still underwriting across the country in all 20 of our markets.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Dennerlein: Yeah. Hey, guys. I wanted to get back to that comment you made in the opening remarks about over the next, I think, 24 months you expect to maybe achieve $20 million of NOI from your 2.0 initiative rollout. Is any of that included in 2022 guidance?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Thanks, Josh. Right now, we have about $5 million of that included in our guidance, so we expect to get a run rate on that as we go into next year and then we have another, call it, 30 initiatives that we are currently working on that makes up the rest of that that we expect to get towards the latter half of this year going into next year, so $5 million today.
Joshua Dennerlein: $5 million in guidance, not today.
Joe Fisher: Correct. That’s right.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. Okay. And then I wanted to kind of ask a big picture question. What has really driven, like, what do you think has really driven the occupancy gain to kind of record levels, it’s just….
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I will lead it off, Mike, help clean up a little bit. But I found an interesting stat that Mike was sharing with the group that pre-COVID, our average occupant per apartment home was 2.1 and today, it stands at 1.7. So in essence, people have, I hate to say it, gotten tired of their COVID roommates or gotten tired per se their cellphones, wherever they came from and our occupying units at a higher rate with a lower density. And that gives us a lot of comfort on a lot of things, because I think as we look towards the future and we think about income to rent, the potential to go back to the two to one creates a second wave of wind with respect to their ability to absorb our rent increases, as well as their wage growth, which has not been this prominent in 20-plus years. So when we think about our business model going forward, it’s not just the 2022 and what’s the rents and how can we increase them. What’s the likelihood we can sustain that into 2023, 2024 type timeframe. But I found that an interesting stat. Mike, anything else you would have for color?
Mike Lacy: No. It’s been good to see that plateau. It is something we watch very closely. And once it starts ticking back up, that shows you that there’s a little bit of fatigue there and we are still not seeing it. So that’s promising. As Tom alluded to, the rent to income ratios are pretty stable to where we have expected to see them over the past couple of years and we are not really seeing a big difference across our Sunbelt, as well as our coastal markets. It’s still low 20% range. So still have a lot of wind at our back, if you will.
Joshua Dennerlein: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Powell with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Powell: Hello. Good afternoon now. Just a question on just the cost savings that you mentioned now, the benefit from Project 1.0 and your new initiatives, can that drive your controllable expense growth from the 2% this year to closer to 1% in the next few years and how should we think about that just generally?
Joe Fisher: It’s not out of the question, but I will tell you the things that put a little bit of pressure on us today to keeping that around that 1% range that we have been accustomed to running over the last three years of inflation, so…
Anthony Powell: Right.
Joe Fisher: …as we do have people turning over in positions or we have more third-party contracts, we do have to combat that to some degree. So we feel pretty comfortable with that 2% to 3% range this year. That being said, some of these initiatives, as well as these big ideas that we are constantly looking at, we are always looking for that next big idea that will drive those controllable expenses down further.
Anthony Powell: Got it. Thanks. And maybe on market mix, some of your peers have put out, I guess, long-term targets of, I guess, your expansion of Sunbelt mix as close to what you have been doing for a while. I am just curious, any updates on your target market mix over time, it seems like you are pretty comfortable expanding your current markets, but any thoughts there would be great.
Mike Lacy: Yeah. I think when we look back and kind of think about the overarching strategy here of diversification, be that by markets, price points, submarkets, capital sources, capital uses, it definitely seems to work when you look back at the track record of TSR relative performance or FFOA relative performance. So coming through the cycle, I think, it’s just confirmed our belief that existing strategy works. Yeah, today, we are about a third West Coast, just under a third down in the Sunbelt, just over a third on the East Coast and so we can be pretty impartial on this front. So we don’t need to make any shifts. We feel very comfortable with where we are at. So everything really ends up being on the margin and so, I mean, when you look through our predictive analytics platform, there’s some markets in the West Coast that look good to us, Inland Empire, San Diego, Orange County. You go down in the Sunbelt, we have been very active in Tampa and Dallas. Those continue to look appealing to us. On the East Coast, we have been active in the Mid-Atlantic, Philly, Suburban Boston. So we have been fairly well-diversified. We are not trying to make any major shifts. The goal here is simply continue to find assets that fit within the existing market mix, a little bit better long-term growth from the markets we are selecting and fit with the platform. So you are going to get that immediate upside in accretion. So, no shifts and no explicit targets at this point in time.
Anthony Powell: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to turn the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Operator. And thanks for everyone for your time and interest in UDR today. As our press and our call you -- we have outlined our current thoughts on 2022, and frankly, in my 30-plus years in this business, I have not seen a better backdrop for our business today and into the future. In particular, a couple of points of I want to make is, as Mike highlighted, we have 60%-plus of our revenue by the end of April. We will be able to look at our -- and we will have the visibility about the second half and we will look at our guidance around that timeframe and see where it tightens up to, but certainly, feels like we have a lot of momentum in our back. In a competitive landscape with a lot of great companies out there, I think, it’s -- we have positioned ourselves very well where we have the strength in the sector, in the business, but we can bring to bear all our value creation mechanisms that are all working right now whether that’s acquisitions, development, redevelopment, DCP programs to deliver value immediately, as well as long-term. And with 21 markets we can pivot to where the opportunity is greatest and we have a track record of doing so and we see that as a good game plan for 2022. And lastly, on the innovation front, we have a pipeline of great ideas that are in various stages of continuing to advance. We know that our customer, our associates and our investors will benefit from that innovation. We try to be very transparent about where we think the world is headed and what we are doing to take advantage of it, and I think, that trend will continue. So, with that, again, grateful for your time, look forward to seeing you in the coming months, and as always, if there’s anything we can do, please don’t hesitate to reach out. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to UDR's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo. You may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent. And welcome to UDR’s third quarter 2021 conference call. Presenting on the call with me today are Senior Vice President of Operations, Mike Lacy; and Chief Financial Officer, Joe Fisher, who will discuss our results. Senior officers, Harry Alcock, Matt Cozad, Andrew Cantor and Chris Van Ens, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Our third quarter FFOA, results achieved the high end of our previously provided guidance range, and we raised full year, samestore and FFOA guidance for the fourth time in 2021. But the raise was driven by strong widespread multifamily fundamentals. The benefits we are realizing from the platform initiatives and accretive capital allocation decisions. Currently occupancy remains elevated, rate growth is as strong as I've seen during my 31-year tenure in the multifamily industry. And we continue to successfully source rental assistance for many residents in need. As we move into 2022, we anticipate that our unique operating acumen and ability to accretively allocate capital across a wide range of markets should continue to differentiate us versus public and private peers. These value creation drivers include first our best-in-class NextGen operating platform, which widens our operating advantages versus public and private peers and broadens acquisition and capital allocation opportunities. The platform focuses on self-service, enhanced resident satisfaction and expanding our controllable operating margin. Through our associate's hard work, we have successfully reduced our on-site staff by approximately 40% since 2018 and rationalized the rest of our cost structure. Both put us in an inviolable position as inflationary pressures mount. Platform 1.0 initiatives will continue to yield bottom line benefits through 2022, but we are already looking ahead to a new suite of initiatives that will drive additional revenue growth and margin expansion. Mike will provide further details in his commentary. And second, our market selection and capital allocation year-to-date, we have sourced nearly $1.2 billion of equity at an attractive cost and $300 million of property sales at favorable cap rates to creatively acquire nearly $1.5 billion of high-quality multifamily communities in desired markets. These acquisitions are outperforming initial expectations due to strong market rent growth, proximity benefit for sourcing the deal next door and the implementation of our numerous and repeatable capital allocation value creating drivers. While business conditions are as strong as we've ever experienced, sorted regulatory restrictions continue to limit our ability to fully capture the economic benefits of our current demand trends. Still the regulatory environment continues to slowly trend in our favor and we expect to recapture deferred income resulting from emergency restrictions as we move through 2022. Moving on, earlier this month, we published our third annual ESG report. In it we summarized the company's progress towards its ESG goals, introduced enhanced greenhouse gas emissions and energy use reduction targets and highlighted UDR's culture, as well as the support provided for our associates and residents during the COVID-19 pandemic. Our actions resulted in UDR being named the number one ESG performer in 2021 GRESB survey amongst publicly listed residential companies worldwide with a score of 86. I thank GRESB for their recognition of UDR as a global leader in sustainability and our teams for the ongoing ESG progress we continue to make. In closing, our success is driven by many factors, but a key one remains UDR's innovative and adaptive culture. This insight was recently validated in our biannual associated engagement survey, which was conducted following the implementation of platform 1.0. Primary takeaways from the 97% of the associates that participated included first UDR engagement and enablement scores are well above the norm for high performing companies at 80%. Second, 94% of the respondents felt a strong sense of culture. Third, nearly 90% feel those with diverse backgrounds can succeed at UDR. Thank you to our associates across the country who shared honest and open feedback as we continue to improve our business practices, which enhance our status as well as being recognized as an ESG industry leader. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks Tom. Strong demand for multi-family housing coupled with our operating platform, advantages led to all time high occupancy, accelerating rate growth and significantly reduced concessions during the third quarter. These trends have persisted thus far in the fourth quarter postponing typical seasonality to mid- to late-October or two to three months later than would be normal. To begin strong, samestore results supported third quarter FFOA per share at the high end of our previously provided guidance range. Key components of our 5.3% and 6.3% year-over-year, samestore revenue and NOI growth included weighted average occupancy of 97.5%, 200 basis points higher than a year ago; effective blended the lease rate growth of 8.2%, which sequentially accelerated by 730 basis points versus the second quarter. Year-over-year other income growth of 5.1%, traffic that average 35% above pre-COVID levels as we continue to open the perspective resident funnel with our Next Gen Platform and drive additional pricing power. And annualized turnover of 54%, which declined by more than 1,100 basis points versus a year ago and was approximately 1,000 basis points below our historical third quarter turnover rate, driven by strong demand. Sequential samestore revenue grew 3.6% in the third quarter. And as implied by our improved guidance, we expect sequential samestore revenue growth to be positive in the fourth quarter as well. Regarding key operating metrics for October, occupancy remains elevated and has averaged 97.1% as we continue to see robust demand well into what is historically a seasonally slow period of time. Our slightly lower sequential occupancy as compared to our all-time high, third quarter reading has been by design. As we've continued to drive rate growth to strengthen our 2022 rent rule. Our 2.6% anticipated earn in for 2022 is in line with our highest earn in over the past decade and is approximately 150 basis points higher than our average earn in between 2016 and 2019. Currently, our weighted average loss to lease is in the low teens. We are capturing this upside by driving rental rate higher, which has led to blended lease rate growth of roughly 11.5% in October or 330 basis points above what we achieved in third quarter. Roughly 15% of our NOI comes from markets that presently have some form of regulatory restriction on renewal rate increases, but we are utilizing unique UDR attributes such as our various other income initiatives to drive revenue growth. We believe we have an extended runway to capture additional embedded rent growth throughout the fourth quarter and into 2022. Next, concessions have virtually evaporated and are only being used in select submarkets and at a handful of UDR communities in the San Francisco Bay Area, downtown LA and the 14th Street Corridor in Washington DC. Our strategy of offering upfront concessions and maintaining gross rents during the pandemic is playing out as expected. Residents are already accustomed to paying full rent, which translates into better pricing power and higher retention at renewal. As a reminder in the fourth quarter, we will anniversary peak COVID concession levels of 3.5 to 4 weeks on new leases. As such and with only nominal concessions today, we are poised to capture rent growth that is 7% to 8% above market growth, which translates into mid-to-high teens expected new lease rate growth during the fourth quarter. Last we've continued to realize broad based strength across our portfolio in October. Our Sunbelt commute which comprise approximately 25% of NOI have been generating better than 20% year-over-year market rent growth. While harder-hit urban centers ever been sharply off the bottom. It will take time for these markets trends to show up in our reported results due to our lease expiration schedule. But 20 of our 21 markets now have rents above pre-COVID levels. The San Francisco Bay Area, our sole [indiscernible] should join this group in the next couple of quarters. Moving on our success as a first mover in accessing rental assistance programs continue to benefit our collections. And during the third quarter, we reverse 3 million of cumulative bad debt reserve. Year-to-date we have sourced more than 19 million in assistance for residents in need with nearly 10 million of this coming during the third quarter. We have another $11 million of applications in process. Additionally, we are finding early success securing funds from former residents in California and the state of Washington whose unpaid balances were previously written off. Due to our outreach programs former resident balances totaling over 2.5 million are in the rental assistant application process or have access funds. We hope to give more former California and Washington residents to apply during the fourth order, while also participating in new programs, such as the one New York recently introduced. Next, we have fully wrote out Version 1.0 our next generation operating platform across all of our markets. We believe the self-service model we have implemented over the past three years is unique in our industry and the numbers prove this out. Since the second quarter of 2018, we have permanently reduced headcount at our communities by 40% on average, thereby providing a strong hedge against elevated inflationary pressures. Realized controllable expense growth has been 360 basis points below the pure average over the last three years, which has driven our controllable operating margin 250 basis points above what a company at our average rate level would expect to produce. Delivered products and services in the formats, our residents prefer as exhibited by a 24% increase in our resident satisfaction score and an overall 97% usage rate for self guided perspective resident tours. Generated the best same store revenue growth in roughly 45% of the markets we share with peers versus a 30% average win rate among the peer group and generate more than $15 million of incremental NOI on our legacy communities with another $5 million expected through 2022. In addition, we have demonstrated ability to consistently drive outsize growth at the communities we acquire by implementing our platform and other unique value creation initiatives. Thus far, we have expanded the weighted average yield on our nearly 1 billion of third party acquisitions from 2019 by 55 basis points, through the roughly 2.5 billion of third party acquisitions we completed between 2019 and 2021, we have on average grown revenue by 14% and NOI by 20% compared to the prior owner. Reduced controllable operating expenses per unit by 7% and expanded our controllable operating margin by 400 basis points. I credit Harry and our transaction team for finding acquisitions where we can create value to our platform capabilities. In our view, Platform 1.0 has been a game changer, but we are not done. Our innovation team which is comprised of various UDR leaders continues to explore and implement a variety of new initiatives that should drive elevated revenue growth and margin expansion in the years to come. These initiatives rely on advanced data analytics and include reduced days vacant, better identifying retaining more profitable residents, further rationalizing our cost structure, optimizing our price engine and increasing resident satisfaction. While too early to give specifics, we believe these initiatives could potentially dwarf the economic benefits of Platform. 1.0. We look forward to updating you on our progress as we roll out these value creating initiatives. Looking ahead, we are excited to close out a stronger than expected 2021 and move on to 2022. I want to thank my colleagues for their unwavering commitment to changing and improving the way we do business. Our culture rewards innovation, and I'm excited for our next steps as we continue to evolve and succeed. And now I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our third quarter results and our improved outlook for full year 2021, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity, and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Our third quarter FFO is adjusted per share of $0.51 achieve the high end of our previously provided guidance range and was supported by strong same store revenue growth and accretive transactions. For the fourth quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.52 to $.54. The $0.02 per or 4% sequential increase at the midpoint is driven by our expectation for continued positive sequential same store NOI growth, and accretion from recent capital allocation activities. When combined with our year-to-date results, this positive momentum supported the increases to our full year 2021 FFOA and same store guidance ranges. We now anticipate whole year FFOA per share of $2 to $2.02 with the midpoint representing 2 penny or 1% increase from prior guidance. This increase is driven by a 2 penny benefit from a 75 point midpoint improvement and same store NOI growth, a half penny benefit from accretive transaction activity offset by a half penny from increased G&A expense. For same-store guidance we are now forecasting full year 2021 revenue growth of positive 1.0% to 1.5% with concessions on a cash basis, and negative 1.0% to negative 0.5% with concessions on a straight line basis. This difference is primarily due to the residual impact of concessions amortizing during 2021 that were granted in 2020. Additional guidance details, including sources and uses expectations are available on attachments 14 and 15D of our supplement. Next, a transactions update. Our gross 2021 acquisition activity is on pace to total approximately $1.5 billion. During the quarter and subsequent to quarter end, we accretive acquired seven communities for $900 million and sold one community for $126 million. Two of our recently completed acquisitions were sourced from our DCP portfolio, illustrating the embedded optionality we have with these investments. One of these DCP acquisitions was partially funded through the issuance of OP Units, demonstrating our ability to utilize a variety of creative capital sources. Most of our 2021 acquisitions have been in markets that are predictive analytics framework identified as desirable. Nearly all are located proximate to other UDR communities; all have been matched funded with attractively priced sources of capital. As Mike discussed, we can generate outsized yield expansion at these communities through our multiple value creation drivers, which enhance year one yields as well as future growth. Please refer to yesterday's release for additional details on recent transactions. Moving on our investment grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include first during the quarter, we settled approximately 11.4 million shares of common stock under previously announced forward equity sales agreements for a combined $500 million of proceeds, which to be used to equitize completed transactions. During and subsequent to quarter end we entered into forward sale agreements for approximately 6 million shares of common stock for a combined $320 million of future expected proceeds. We anticipate using these funds on a creative acquisitions, DCP investments and land site opportunities which we expect to close in the coming quarters. Second, we have only $290 million of consolidated debt or less than 1.5% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2025. After excluding amounts on our credit facilities and our commercial paper program. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best three-year liquidity outlook in the sector and the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 2.7%. Last during the quarter we expanded our credit facility capacity to $1.3 billion from $1.1 billion extended its maturity to January 2026 and increased our commercial paper capacity to $700 million from $500 million. We also extended the maturities of our $350 million term loan and $75 million working capital facility to January 2027 and January 2024 respectively. For each of our credit facility term-loan and working capital facility we reduced the interest rate spread by 5 basis points. As of September 30th our financial leverage is 25% on enterprise value, inclusive of joint ventures and our liquidity totaled $1.6 billion as measured by our cash and net credit facility capacity and including the future expected proceeds from the settlement of our forward equity sale agreements. Taken together our balance sheet remains in excellent shape. Our liquidity position is strong. Our forward sources and uses remain balanced. And we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation options to create value. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Nick Joseph with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Appreciate the commentary and the earning for 2022. I was hoping you could walk through some of the other building blocks as we look to next year in terms of capturing the current loss. At least can you discussed occupancy comps, other income and normalization of bad debt?
Mike Lacy: Sure. Hey Nick, this is Mike. I'll take a first crack at this one and yes, we did talk a little bit about that earning just to put it perspective for everybody. This is again, one of the highest we've seen and experienced over the last 10 years; I'll call it 2.6% as we end the year. And as you know, we've been actively working on driving our rent roll even higher. So as you can see, last month we had around 97.5% occupancy we're down closer to 97.1% today and a lot of that has to do with just driving those rents. And so, as you see going forward we do expect that the rent growth should be about the same, if not a little bit better as we go into call it November and December. And then as we move into next year, we expect a little bit of the same. So on the rent side, feel very competent. And then as far as it goes, other income we've been driving our initiatives. We're back into a place where we're seeing double-digit rent growth when it comes to parking, as well as our short-term furnished program. And even things like the amenity rental spaces as they are starting to really take off. So we expect other income to be a pretty driving factor as we move into 2022. And then just, I know we're talking earnin, but just to give you an idea of cost control, that's another thing that's high on our mind and something we continue to focus on as we continue with our platform. So 2022 is shaping up to be very strong and I would – I'd even go as far as to say that it looks like the highest NOI potential I've seen in my 15-year career based on all the different factors that we have played today.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. That's very helpful. And then you mentioned the seasonality expectations and now it's been pushed out a few months. How are you seeing that in terms of demand? I think you mentioned towards the end of October where we are today. What are the expectations over the next few months just as normal seasonality maybe starts to kick in?
Mike Lacy: Sure. We're starting to see a little bit more of that seasonality at play today. And it's really happened in the last couple of weeks, but again, going back to just the different driving factors other, our occupancy should be call it 97% as we go forward, we feel like we're in a pretty good spot and we can sustain that. And again, our rent rolls in a very good place. So we think that traffic, while it's coming down slightly, a lot of that's due to our own push on our rents today. So we hope you like we have plenty of traffic coming through the door and again, we'll continue to optimize both occupants and rents going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: Hey, good morning guys. I want to drill down just a second on the occupancy question and maybe just help us understand maybe the magnitude of the trade-offs where obviously you've got a revenue strategy that seeks to maximize rent maybe at the expense of occupancy right now. And then you've got some potential move-outs as people that have stopped paying rent or haven't paid rent those become revenue producing at some point, hopefully sooner than later. So just help us understand maybe some of the moving parts and as that translates into revenues for next year?
Mike Lacy: Sure. Rich, I will start. I think first the thing I'd point to and something that we've been not only very pleased with, but surprised to some degree is our turnover. So the fact that we've had call it a thousand less move outs during the quarter, and I can tell you, October is starting to look very similar. We think we have probably around 250 last move outs on a year-over-year basis. That allows us to get a little bit more aggressive when it comes to both our renewal increases as well as our market rents. So we do feel like even though occupancy's coming down to some degree, we've been able to buck that trend as we push our rents. And again as long as that turnover numbers in our favor, we think we can continue to get pretty aggressive on all fronts. So some markets, a little different than others, but I'll tell you right now, they're all kind of compressing in that anywhere from 96.5% to 97.5% range across the board.
Tom Toomey: Rich, this is going to be Toomey first and then Joe will clean me up. You are absolutely right. Normally during this seasonal period, we would be dropping rents and trying to move that occupancy up, and it's just the opposite in this window of time. And that's how unique this pricing opportunity is for us. The net net benefit to next year, yes, we might trade 50 bits on occupancy for a couple of million dollars of pricing power to hold that rent level high as we come into the January first quarter type renewal, as well as new traffic pattern. And I think this is a benefit partly and due to the strong economy slash our business, but also the platform and ability to drive more traffic. We have a lot more confidence in the future to drive a lot more traffic to gain that occupancy back at minimal cost.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Rich. Lastly, just, you had a comment within your question related to non-paying residents and the potential vacancy, potential there. Just wanted to put it in context where we sit today because we really don't see it is being a material issue. We've had a lot of success at this point, working on the government assistance programs, working with our residents, trying to get them current. So we're down to at this point in time, only 250 residents throughout the portfolio that have been long-term non-payers and they are not applying for government assistance and if we could today, we would work them through the eviction process. And so that's less than 50% of our overall occupancy. So over time relatively immaterial amount especially compared to all the government assistance dollars that $20 million that we've been able to get in, the $10 million in application and the $3 million that is in process with former residents. So a lot more momentum on that front in terms of reducing that AR, the bad debt reserve and increasing the collections.
Rich Hightower: Okay. That's great color guys, and thanks, Joe for betting clean up on that one. And I guess just maybe a broader question on demand. I mean, right now every metric that you guys mentioned in the prepared comments is pretty much off the chart. But as we think about demand in 2022, I mean, is it arguable that maybe we're up against tougher comps because it's some of the sort of anomalies that exist right now with return to office, multiple cohorts of college grads, people decoupling from mom and dad's basement. I mean, is there something unique about 2021 that's not going to be replicated in 2022 as far as just underlying demand in your portfolio?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Rich, its Joe. I would maybe starting off with kind of the most unique number that is out there that supports the forward case for additional pricing power. When you look at our rent to income ratios relative to pre-COVID, they have not moved. So we've seen wages throughout our portfolio go up by approximately 7%. Our market rents are up by roughly 7% versus pre COVID. So the renter today is no worse off sitting than our multifamily communities than they were pre-COVID. Now that you mentioned on a couple of the tailwinds, on the demographic side clearly very strong council formation. We have a different immigration policy in place today than we did over the last four year. When you look at the decoupling piece, still a lot of individuals and roommate situations and living at home. When you get to the income and balance sheet side, the biggest driver of rents in our markets is always been the ability to increase income, and we are seeing incomes go up. We see much better balance sheets, individuals, much better cash positions. So I think where with all to pay is much better. And then the relative affordability piece is a huge driver too. And we feel very good about our business, but single family ownership and rental have been doing extremely well over the last two years. But when you look at rentership affordability relative to single family, it's actually gotten about 15% cheaper relative to pre COVID. And so the value proposition is much better for renters today, which obviously helps us keep the back door closed as well as keeping individuals coming in the front door. So net net feel very good about the demand environment going forward over the next 12 months and that's already, when we have that lost to lease that Mike mentioned of low-teens that we can already start to earnin and build-off of.
Tom Toomey: Rich, one thing I would add. This is Toomey. Unique this cycle inflation, broad based inflation has been something we haven't seen in America in a couple decades in my view to this level. And I think it's making a significant difference, not just in asset price seen, but throughout the business – are all businesses. But that most of all, and most importantly it's probably causing wages to increase dramatically.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hill: Hey, good morning guys. I appreciate some of the disclosure and the prepared remarks about rental assistance. I was hoping you could drill down a little bit more and maybe help us understand what was included in absolute dollars in 3Q? And if anything's included in the guide for the full year, what I'm ultimately trying to get at is sort of what is a clean same store revenue number look like as we think about – what that might look like in 2022?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Rich, this is Joe. So try to give you a couple more stats on that, of the $20 million that we referred to as being collected on behalf of our residents, approximately half of that came through in 3Q. So you had over the last 30 days, perhaps another $3 million or so, and then the rest of that would've been in 2Q. So those are the kind of stats in terms of what's embedded in those numbers. Clearly it's been beneficial in terms of seeing AR come down, the reserve come down a little bit, seeing our collections in the quarter and after quarter come up. In terms of a clean number for 4Q, we do expect a continuance of the trajectory where we've seen our ability to get to 98% or so collected as proven out when you look in the press release and the footnotes. Yes, we've been able to get to 98% for past quarters, about 90 to 120 days after. We think that holds as we go into 4Q. So the implied revenue guidance we're looking at probably 8% cash revenue in 4Q, about 5% straight line revenue that factors in that collection percentage.
Rich Hill: That's very helpful, Joe. That's exactly what I was looking for. Just a question on the leasing spreads for a second. A note that you – that it was mid-to-high teens for new leases, if mid – if new leases are there, why can't you push renewals even more so than you are right now? Is there any reason that those can't trend closer to where new leases are in time?
Joe Fisher: That's a great question, Rich, and part of it has to do with the regulatory environment, so we still have about 15% of our NOI that is kept, and so we just can't go out there with anything higher than call it zero to 1% in most cases. So that has something to do with it. And then I would tell you that the way that we do our pricing is we're looking about 75 days in advance and market rents move so quickly that we just never could have guessed that they were going to go that high. That being said, as you go into call it November, December we're starting to see those double-digit renewal increases start to show up. So we feel like we're in a pretty good place to capture more of it going forward and actually see more of a compression between new and renewals.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Heffern: Yes. Hey everyone, maybe for Joe, just to follow-on to the rental income conversation. I would imagine that there are a lot of regional differences there whereas the average maybe hasn't changed, but you have a market like Tampa where you have 25% increase in new lease growth. I guess, how do you see a market like that behaving in 2022, where I would imagine that rent income has to have degraded over time?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Mike can take the – some of the rent to income specific, some of the outliers within our markets, but as you've seen, Tampa has been absolutely phenomenal market for us. And that's one that we would identified back in 2019 and that since then from a portfolio strategy perspective, we have been looking to grow. I think we've grown that portfolio thereby couple of hundred basis points in terms of percentage of NOI. Just through acquisitions as well as development in the last several years. And the market that continues to screen well for us today on the quant side. Similarly actually on the supply side, Tampa is one of the few Sunbelt markets where we think supply actually looks better. As we going to 22% and 23% given past permit activity, and current pipeline expectations. So still found very good about Tampa, but Mike, you can go through a little bit on the rent to income side.
Mike Lacy: Yes. I would tell you that Tampa today actually feels pretty good. As it compares to maybe 2019, it is slightly elevated and still in that 22% to 23% range. And a lot of that has to do with some of the wage growth that we're seeing within that market. So we're actually seeing over just in the last call trailing three, trailing 12 months, about 8% to 9% wage growth. So that's helping to offset all the increases we're seeing in rents.
Brad Heffern: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then just more broadly on Sunbelt versus coastal. Can you talk about if there are any notable differences in terms of the leasing trends you're seeing in either one?
Joe Fisher: Sure. Yes. Let me give you a little color there. As it relates to coastal versus Sunbelt, just to put in perspective first, coastal exposure for us it's about 75% of our NOI. And I'll tell you during the quarter, we did see occupancy about 97.3% and blended growth of about 7.1%. As it compares to the Sunbelt obviously that’s about 25% of our NOI, we’re running closer to 98% occupancy and our blended growth was right around 11.5% to 12%. So we did see more growth in the Sunbelt. But I would tell you when you look at As versus Bs and even urban versus suburban, we are seeing that compression across the board. I think another one to note is what we're experiencing with urban versus suburban today. And just to put it in context again, urban exposure is about 30% of our NOI. And during the quarter, we had occupancy of 97.1 blended growth of about 7.6%. And that compares to our suburban portfolio, which ran closer to 97.7 occupancy and blends were around 8.5%. So, we're definitely seeing a compression across the board.
Tom Toomey: I think it even bread we're still going through the preliminary budgeting processes as we look into 2022, obviously we're far enough along at this point that Mike can give you a pretty convicted statement earlier that this will be the best year, next year in his 15 years of managing ops here. So, we still feel very good about next year, but I think when we look at [indiscernible] would be a coastal Sunbelt, east-west, they're all converging relatively to a similar bunched up revenue growth number on a year-over-year basis. So, we don't see any big outliers for the most part next year, at least from a thematics perspective by region.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chandni Luthra with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Chandni Luthra: Hi, this is Chandni Luthra. Thank you for taking my question. My first question would be around just understanding, you talked about this broad placed inflation environment, but as we think about the repercussions here, in terms of, not just inflation, but also supply chain headwinds across all channels of the economy, how do you think that is impacting use that you are underwriting say for your DCP program or for your acquisitions? I mean, how do you think this broader inflationary environment in supply chain headwinds are impacting the business?
Joe Fisher: Hey Chandni its Joe. So I'll start that off and then maybe Harry can kind of dive into the development side as well, how we're thinking about that related to current and future development pipeline. But I think as Dan mentioned earlier, one of the benefits of being in the multifamily space is we are an inflation hedge, so as we see wage inflation come through, as we see broader expense inflation come through 12-month leases we should be in a really good position to continue to drive forward the top line. And then Mike kind of talked a little bit on the expense side too, in terms of what we're trying to do. We have a 50 plus initiatives at this point in time, they're both focused on top line and bottom line that's beyond Platform 1.0 [indiscernible] drive additional rents, additional income, as well as constraint expenses. And so we are trying to continue to get ahead of that and differentiate as we have done in the past in terms of controllable expenses and expanding that margin. On the asset value side, Tom mentioned earlier in a very good place, given the wallet capital in terms of, forward appreciation for the assets that we own. From a balance sheet perspective, to the extent that you believe the rate expectations are driven both by nominal and real growth. You would expect potentially some pressure on the long end at some point in time, but given the proactive liability management that we've had for the last three years we really don't have any debt coming due for the next three years and we have minimal floating. So we don't really see any pressure on the business from the financing perspective. Lastly, I’ll just turn it to Harry and he can take you through a little bit on the development pipeline, what we're seeing on the supply side there in terms of the channel.
Harry Alcock: Sure. So, if you think about our existing development pipeline, just start with that those projects that are under construction, we have fixed price contracts with the general contractors. So there is no price issue there. If you think about it, we should benefit from inflationary environment in terms of rents with fixed price cost numbers on the existing development pipeline. As we look forward hard costs are probably up on average 10%, materials are up 10% to 15% and lumber, copper, gypsum products, PVC, are all up significantly. And there's a lot of volatility in the market. So, as we're pricing new projects the subcontractor base is pricing in that risk until they can lock down material pricing. But just to provide context the hard costs are up 10%. That's 6% to 7% of all-in cost increased. The rents are also up in most of these markets. So a $100 to $125 type rent increase that will neutralize that price increase. So, as we think about the viability of projects going forward, I'm very optimistic about our development pipeline looking forward.
Tom Toomey: I do think too, on the development pipeline, one thing dimension, as you look at our next restarts, I think, they all have pretty unique attributes in terms of, we've talked a lot on the acquisition side about the deal next door. But we have another phase down in Dallas with Vitruvian, more of a townhome style product that's on existing land. We have a densification play out in Northern Virginia taking 30 units offline and putting up almost 400 units. So again, a densification play and adjacent to existing product. And then in Tampa, we have a project there that's going to be going up right down the street from one of our purchases from several years ago. So all these have platform or legacy land as well. So that helps from a yield perspective.
Chandni Luthra: Great. And then as a follow-up you took down your DCP guidance for the year by $20 million. So, could you talk about what are the DCP opportunities that you're seeing right now in how have yields and sort of how has the volume changed there? Thank you.
Andrew Cantor: This is Andrew Cantor. Year-to-date, we've closed on three new DCP deals and acquired two of the historical deals. We continue to underwrite numerous transactions that meet both our market and our underwriting standards. At this time we are seeing additional competition. We're working on several additional underwritings right now and hope to have some additional transactions to announce in the near future.
Tom Toomey : And then just Chandni, in terms of the guidance commentary there, in terms of it coming down $20 million on attachment 11B one of the subsequent transactions that we announced is the purchase out of the DCP portfolio of assets down in Orlando. So, if you look on 11B, you can see that outstanding balance was roughly $18 million at quarter end. So it's really the pay-off of that, which brought down our DCP investment guidance by $20 million. So that's really the driver, it's not that we're seeing fewer transactions available in the marketplace for us to invest on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Amanda Sweitzer with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Amanda Sweitzer: Thanks. Good morning. Wanted to follow-up on DCP. Could you talk about your current DCP balance and do you expect to see greater early redemptions within the existing pool as maybe developers seek satchel liquidity events today?
Tom Toomey: Yes, Amanda that's a good question. We do have when you look on 11B within the supplemental a number of transactions that are coming up with one year to maturity, I will say one to call out specifically when you look at 1200 Broadway there in Nashville, a balance of approximately $60 million, just over 12% pref return, while the maturity is a year out, they do have the ability to pay off starting in January. And so, we do think that we'll likely see it pay off earlier next year, given the robustness of that transaction market and the value that's been created on that deal. So that's one that could be paid off earlier in the year. That from an earnings perspective creates a little bit of a hiccup, maybe in first quarter, second quarter, but as Andrew mentioned, we are very active in terms of trying to back fill the pipeline and not just backfill, but really grow from the plus or minus $350 million today, we'd like to get up into the $400 million to $500 million pipeline, because one, the economics; two, the cycle of [indiscernible], a good time to be doing those, but really three, as you saw on demonstration this quarter, the ability to get at some of these assets. We've had about a fifty-fifty track record on being able to buy out of this piece of the business. And aspects that I mentioned earlier. Great example of that when you look at in going yield, that's about a 46 in going yield to us, that was really a win-win for us with the developer given that we had a lockout there, it allowed them to get access to liquidity. They were able take LP units from us and that transaction and get a very strong IRR for their investors. And we’re able to buy it at a point in time when no one else was able to given the lockout. So that 46 that we're getting in year one is definitely an above market yield. And so the more of those that we can do obviously the better for our investors.
Amanda Sweitzer: That's helpful. That makes sense. And then you've talked recently about some of the positive and migration trends that you've seen to the hardest hit urban areas. Can you quantify where that migration is coming from at all? Are you seeing people predominantly move back from the suburbs or are you seeing migration from different metro areas?
Mike Lacy: Hey Amanda, this is Mike, let me back up. I'll give you a little color on what we're seeing, both in our move ins and move outs. First of all, move outs in general, move outs from 3Q 2021 showed more former residents staying within their metro areas. It's really in line with pre COVID stats. As it relates to move in, I'll tell you, first and foremost, the lack of move ins needed in 3Q with turnover far lower than both 2019 and 2020. That was a little bit of a surprise.  But again, overall, we're seeing a slight reversal of the trends in 2020 and about 40% of move-ins came from outside of the MSA, first 23% last year. A couple of examples, New York, today is around 45% versus 11% last year; San Francisco, 37% versus percent last year; and then Boston is around 36% versus 18% last year. So again, we are seeing more people migrate back into those areas.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Pawlowski with Green Street. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Hey, thanks for the time. I wanted to go back to the lost lease conversation, just so I get a better sense for how much growth will come 2022 versus 2023. So, Mike or Joe what percentage of leases either from regulatory issues or just from the sticker shock of a massive increase, what percentage of leases will be brought to market in kind of a first year versus a two-step process? 
Joe Fisher: When you break it down on the regulatory side, John, you have 15% Mike mentioned that have rent freezes in place. In addition, when you go to markets such as California, where you have AB-1482, which is CPI plus five that's about 20% of our overall NOI, all of that within California. In Oregon you have CPI plus seven, you have a percent or two there that's capped. And then there still is the business decision, right. If someone's 15% under market, we may not move them to 15%. You may move on to 10% because the cost of the turn in terms of downtime and the R&M expense, you got to factor that in. So, there's a business or a bottomline cash flow decision too. So, yes you are right. Some of this could play out over a year or two. We'd hope to do as much as we can in terms of driving bottom line results here next year. But some will probably take a couple years because of those issues.
John Pawlowski: Okay. And then Mike, I believe you mentioned renewal increases being sent out today are doubled digits. Could you just give us a kind of the specific average rental rate renewals you're sending out? Sorry, the specific growth rate?
Mike Lacy: Guidance number. Dig into my pocket here for some pretty big of details there, John. But I think right now, what we're seeing is I would say low double digits across the Board.
John Pawlowski: Okay. 
Mike Lacy: And I think it's a different aspect when you go by markets, obviously in a place like New York, where we were high on concessions, this time, last year it'll be on an effective basis, but on a gross basis, it's closer to call it 2% to 3%. So we're capturing a lot of that concession back as people stay. And then when you get to the Sunbelt, that is more of a fundamental, driving market rents, and still seeing call it 10% to 12% growth on renewals in places like that.
John Pawlowski: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the time. Just curious on how you see rental rate growth across the markets in in 2022? You kind of talked about significant wage growth in Tampa. But just to play the devil's advocate view, I mean, do you think you can actually get high single digit rent growth? And is that predicated on a view of what wage inflation is doing?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Juan, it's Joe. So we're going to back up a little bit here because we're going to have a lot more commentary on that in three months, when we get into guidance. Right now, we're going through those preliminary budgets and trying to run them through both our top down and bottom up processes to figure out where we think revenue should shake out as well as the rent growth that drives that revenue. What we did say earlier was, I think, on a year-over-year revenue growth we are landing pretty similar by region, but I think we're going to hold off in terms of getting into what's the underlying rent growth and assumptions that drive that and just kind of keep it at that high level for now.
Juan Sanabria: Fair enough. And then just on the, the regulatory restrictions on rent increases to in place customers, is there a way to quantify what your same store revenue would have been had those restrictions not been in place?
Joe Fisher: Yes, I mean, overall, we said it be between all of the regulatory restrictions, meaning our inability in some cases to collect rent and revert back to a normal period of collections and delinquency, the impacts that other income have historically had on us and of course, the renewal increases. We've kind of said $6 million to $8 million seems to be the dollars that we've been impaired that hopefully over time we're able to recapture price six of that is roughly related to the collections piece of running around 98%. The other several million has to do with the renewal increases.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed to your questions.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hey, good morning everybody thank you. So, hitting Juan’s question a little bit differently, you have talked about the converging trends between markets next year and demand certainly has driven stronger increases in the Sunbelt. And I'm sure that there's an above average market to market there, but has the dynamic in your view changed between Sunbelt in coastal markets as far as weight growth looking forward where coastal has historically been stronger, do you think that'll still be the case or does that converge as well?
Tom Toomey: I think over the longer term when we look at it from a, you know, four- to 10-year perspective, there is likely to be a little bit more convergence there, meaning that if historically San Francisco had the monopoly on tech-oriented jobs in the high incomes associated with those, if New York had a monopoly on the finance jobs of the world, we think that while those two remain hubs of that activity on the margin, if you think about the rate change maybe they lose a little bit. And so you do see more of these satellite offices, the whole full scale remote work from anywhere really is somewhat immaterial. But as you do have some of these remote offices that go to different locations and Sunbelt or other coastal cities you do see a spreading out of the income likely over the next four to ten years, which, maybe levels the playing field a little bit for some of the Sunbelt markets. But at this point in time, you are also seeing a lot of capital flow into those markets, which is good from an asset value perspective. But when you look at supply environment supply is going to be up for the Sunbelt next year. And I think 2023 honestly when you start to see more of that divergence as a lot of the permitting activity that we saw back during 2020 and early part of 2021 where Sunbelt just kind of powered through and the coastal markets pulled back, you start to see those deliveries in 2023. And so probably more of a headwind in 2023 from a supply perspective relative to the coast.
Austin Wurschmidt: Yes, that's helpful color. Thanks. And then another one for you, Joe. You guys have over equitized the acquisitions here to four and you've highlighted the focus on maybe bringing leverage down a bit, but at what point do you think you'll fund future investments on a more balanced basis between debt and equity?
Joe Fisher: Yes, it is a great question, Austin. It's one we've been actually discussing quite a bit internally. We're going to be discussing a little bit with our board in the next several days. As you mentioned, we have been trying to fully equitize our external growth efforts over the last year. What that's done for us is bring debt to EBITDA down another point or two 1.2 times at the expense of call it a percent of earnings growth that we could have otherwise seen. And so the discussion that we're having now is we feel very, very good about the trajectory of EBITDA, feel very good about the incremental NOI and FFO we're receiving from our external growth. And we feel very good about the path that we've laid out in terms of, we think we'll be the 6.5 times debt to EBIDA by year end, closer to low six’s, high five’s by year end next year. And so we feel very good on the balance sheet side, given all the work that we've done there. So, we are getting closer to being able to fund in a leverage neutral manner, I think, on a go forward basis as we continue to hopefully find accretive opportunities to deploy into. But yes, still up for discussion and something we're wrestling with right now.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Anderson with SMBC. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Anderson: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone. So, I just want to isolate on one commentary early on the call. I think you said high teens, new lease rate – new lease growth is how the math works for the fourth quarter. And part of that is concessions burning off and that will last forever. Obviously, that's when you calculate the year-over-year growth, that becomes declining factor as things settle. You obviously have wages and a strong economy and people rushing to get back near their office and schools, but all that stuff a year from now will kind of be a wash in the year-over-year growth calculation. So, my question is what's the repeatability to jump on that topic again of this strong fundamental picture. You're obviously not going to say that you're going to do high teens, new lease rate growth forever. So, is this environment, sort of kicking out the concession element and the stuff that's not repeatable figure to be more like a single digit type of growth, still very strong, but not fair to call this repeatable, correct.
Joe Fisher: Yes. I don't know at this point, Rich, it's something we've been discussing a lot, because I'll say as we look at the first half of next year, really high degree of conviction that our numbers are going to be pretty fantastic in terms of running from 4Q of this year into the first part of next year, given that earn and that loss to lease. A lot of the discussion we're having as to what does the second half look like, because it depends a lot on your question there? I think there's attributes that when you say it's going to be a wash it can't be repeatable. There are aspects to it that could continue to support our efforts in terms of supply, it really doesn't pick up all that much next year it's probably up 10% or so in our markets, which is around 1.7% of stock. The cost you're looking down around on the 1% range in the Sunbelt, you're kind of 3% to 4% range. So supply's not going to be a big headwind for us next year. I think that relative affordability piece still exists next year in terms of single family versus multifamily and the value proposition that exists there. I think when you look at the amount of job openings exist in the market today, and the fact that that is driving a substantial amount of wage inflation that should drive above average wages and therefore above average rental rate growth. So it kind of remains to be seen between, can it be up in the mid-teens again by the time we get to second half of next year that would be a phenomenal outcome for us. It would be an outlier. We'll probably revert them back a bit, but still a lot of good tailwinds behind us.
Tom Toomey: Rich, it’s Toomey. A couple of other factors in listening to your commentary and Joe's, don't forget, I mean, we still have a lot of markets that are COVID impacted either on a regulatory or businesses opening up. And if those slide into the second quarter of next year, we should be able to go to full pricing power on those markets. And then right now we can't contemplate or see that, but it sure feels like the pressure is going to mount to open up those cities, bring the entire workforce back into the office and lift restrictions in regulatory type environment. And if that were to occur, that would be a very powerful tool towards the second half of next year. And while a lot of people are talking about the first of the year, I find politicians go to sleep at the first of the year and don't wake up until February, March. And so, we'll see how that plays out, but that's a big factor if you will, in our looking at 2022 and how we might guide for that.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And then second question is this is all great, but who's the loser in this environment because everyone can't win. And I'm wondering if what's happening to high-end multifamily like that, which you own, and the clientele that you have as residents who have the money to afford, [indiscernible] but are you exposing inequalities in the country whereby the people that can't afford it, that probably has long-term negative consequences like, which we've seen, I guess you could say in San Francisco, as of late. Is there a risk that you come out of here with a pretty substantial hangover and how do we avoid that?
Tom Toomey: So, Rich I’ll stay away from the societal questions and leave that to people that have a bigger paycheck than I do to solve. But you see from the balance and how we've constructed our portfolio, we have a high exposure to a B type portfolio in a number of markets, as well as SMA. And so yes, people will reprice themselves down into more of a mid-market type product and they'll double up. And that's the activity that we would anticipate if we push too hard, we'll be sensitive to that. I mean, we make a lot of money off of renewals and keeping our day's bacon down. And if you think about our business model is really as simple, we got 21 million available rentable days. How many of them do we keep people in apartments paying us rent? And so I won't venture back to your question directly, but I think as positioned as a company, we benefit from up cycles and down cycles, and we'll always construct ourselves in that way.
Rich Anderson: I think the doubling up responses is – attacks the question pretty well, actually. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Malkin: Hey, good morning, everyone. First question I forget if you said this in your prepared remarks Tom, or it was in the commentary from the press release last night, you talked about capturing outside share demand from marketing strength and various NextGen initiatives. You also talked about opening up the funnel with regards to the NextGen platform, I'm hoping I don't know, Mike or Joe could you maybe elaborate on what you mean by that and the kind of at least maybe near-term initiatives or things that you're doing to drive the leasing traffic at such a impressive level?
Mike Lacy: Yes. Neil its Mike, I'll kick it off, and first really good question, really appreciate it. We are very pleased first and foremost we've officially rolled out all of our markets across the portfolio in terms of Platform 1.0. I think you've heard us talk before; we definitely have a culture of innovation and a track record of execution. So we've done a really good job putting that behind us and I will tell you, we're more excited about what's to come. And you've heard us talk a little bit about it today on the call. Joe mentioned that we 50 initiatives that we're currently working on. We're constantly looking at different ways of improving the business. And while we're looking at those things, we're really focused on some of the big things. And Tom just mentioned one of the bigger ones, not a new concept necessary as it relates to vacant days, but as he mentioned, we do have around 20 million, 21 million vacant days or rentable days. And if you think about it, 3% vacancy on that is about 600,000 homes where you have opportunity. Our average daily rent is about $70 a day. So when you think about it, that's $42 million. We're not going to capture it all, but we do feel that we can improve our process, whether it's on the turn time or whether it's moving people in faster, there's a lot of opportunity there. On opening the funnel and improving our pricing strategy over the last year or so we've done the heat maps that's created about $6 million in value for us, and we feel that there's more things to come on that front. We like to think about it in terms of creating more buyers versus shoppers. How we utilize that demand? How we get it to our pricing team faster and he has leveraged our website. So we are starting to open up that funnel. We're seeing it in traffic and we're seeing it in pricing power. And I'd say probably last but not least continuing to work on the cost side of the house and being more efficient as it relates to using bots artificial intelligence, things like that. And ultimately what you're going to continue to see us do is utilize our data analytics, excuse me, capability, to continue to innovate. We have a lot of opportunity with the data that we're capturing today, whether it's with our consultants that we're working with, or whether it's with our own internal guys that we have crunching data today; so a lot of opportunity to come.
Tom Toomey:  I think, give a couple stats. So everyone's heard us talk about our 97% self touring, but in terms of what that does, in terms of the average tour time and then how many more tours we can now take a day, go through some of those stats. Because those are helpful in terms of how much more traffic can you drive to a community on daily basis.
Neil Malkin: Yes. We've used some examples in the past where typically one of our leasing agents, if you will could see upwards of six to eight people in a day because the average time that it takes for somebody to tour is about an hour. Now we're seeing that about 3X to 4X that they can send three or four people out at the same time and manage all of the while, having them go out there and it typically takes about 20 minutes for somebody to tour our property at 60 minutes on average. So we're able to maximize our people's time and energy, and we're starting to see more efficiencies, not only at the property side of the house, but also here in our former office where we have our centralized team that are able to work more apartment homes at any given time.
Tom Toomey: Neil, this is Toomey. I always love piling on this one, because it's just so much fun. Think about it. You go down and you buy a car and the salesman just keeps talking to you and talking to you to the point that you just want to say, just get out of my way. And that's really what we were doing to our customer. We were taking them on a one-hour expedition and the truth is it turns out they really want 20 minutes. They've already figured out a lot of things and they don't want us in the room when they're talking about their decision on where they want to live. They actually just want to buy. And we've been trying to sell and convince them that that one-hour is valuable, and the truth is they've said 20 minutes, I can make up my mind. And so this is about making the benefit for our customer, making it easier to do business with us. And I don't know any business on this planet right now that's not trying to do the same thing, make it easier on the customer to transact with you and the funnel becomes bigger for us. We can push more traffic, but what that does is we create an open dialogue towards the resident that says 10 people looked at that apartment today. You need to buy it at this price on this date or we're going to the next one. And our pricing engines are build off of no forecasting, but a solve for occupancy, they're first generation pricing engines. The next ones will be much more data driven and if you will a buy decision, not a sale decision. And that's just the power of what we're looking at. Now, we have control of the data. We have a broad enough set of facts that we can actually generate a different pricing concept and scheme. Will it work all the time? No. Will it work in the vast majority? Certainly. And I think that's kind of one example, the days vacant another and the innovation team has a list of 50 different projects and I'm expecting a hell lot out of them, not just small ideas like we've done in the past, but big ideas. Sorry to get on my soapbox, but I really love the topic.
Neil Malkin: No. I appreciate it. I think everyone on the call appreciates the – how best in class and how far ahead you guys are of the pack. So kudos to that. Other one for me is for Mr. Van Ens who's sitting there quiet or I imagine sitting. Can you just talk about the – how you guys are thinking about or handling the coastal markets regulatory uncertainty and or just the restrictions and by that, I mean, Seattle let get the renewal increase, I believe moratorium, but the Mayor extended the evictions through the end of the year. Do you see something similar? New York extended the eviction through the end of the year. I think California, I think fairly open now. So can you just maybe talk about how you see those things playing out near-term and what you're kind of strategy and policy is around that? And then maybe if I'm lucky you can tell me, how you guys think about or if you're worried about this whole idea of vaccine mandates potentially impacting large swallows of the police and fire departments in some of these cities?
Chris Van Ens: Sure. Neil, so a little bit to impact there. Listen, we continue to handle it exactly as we have been, right. We've been facing these eviction moratoriums, renewal rent, increased limitations, a variety of other COVID restrictions for the last 1.5 years in lot of these coastal markets. So it hasn't really changed our operating philosophy. I think where you're seeing a difference now is just in some of these bridge moratorium markets. So when you look at State of Washington, for example California, et cetera we still do have plenty of restrictions for sure over the next two to three months as complex as what the original regulatory environment was and or the programs that obviously we've been participated in for rental assistance. But we're working through it on a day-to-day basis. We have a team as you know, that's dedicated here. Kudos to David and Camille have done a fantastic job of keeping all of us just in the know with what's happening out there, so that Mike can adjust operating strategy when he needs to. As far as what's going to happen going forward, I mean, it's a little bit difficult to say, I mean, its geez going into this year, we would've thought that we would've already been through most of the regulatory stuff. Right now, as Tom said, some of these things are going to bleed into at least midyear next year. Whether that's some of the eviction moratoriums that continue to get extended, we still face those in New York, Seattle property you mentioned Boston proper, New Jersey under 80% AMI, and then to a certain extent in DC whether it's other restrictions that we're going to face, we'll just have to see, but we're going to continue to work on them. And then I don't know if Joe has any thoughts on vaccine mandates and as far as police forces and all that kind of stuff, but I guess we'll just – we'll just have to see what happens there. I mean, we don't want to get into the politics of anything like that, and so we'll be monitoring it just like you are.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Joshua Dennerlein with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Dennerlein: Yes. Hey everyone. Hope everyone's doing well. Wanted to folks send on the non-uncontrollable operating senses in particular real estate taxes? Any early kind of indication on maybe how those are going to trend going forward; I know with price and real estate prices, it feels like maybe municipalities might take advantage of that?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hey Josh, it's Joe. We are putting together those budgets at this point and are working with third-party consultants throughout our different markets. I'd say at this point in time preliminary view is that throughout the portfolio, we're probably a plus or minus 4% to 5% overall growth next year. Yes, you have California at the low end of that at 2%. The Northeast looks to be a little bit lower where we don't have any exemptions in place. Places that we do have, some of the exemption burn ups, might put a little pressure on some of the asset specific numbers, but overall Northeast a little bit lighter where we see more risks today a market like Austin, some of our Florida markets. So generally speaking a little bit more pressure in the Sunbelt, so you're kind of low end 2%, high end on the Sunbelt probably 6% or 7%, but blending to that 4% or 5% based off what we see today. Today, I think we have probably 30% or 40% visibility into overall real estate taxes for next year. So we do have some insights into that at this point.
Joshua Dennerlein: Okay. That's super helpful. And then maybe just wanted to touch base on some of your opening comments about collecting prior rent that you wrote off as bad debt expense, so what's driving your success there and maybe what's the opportunity set that New York program you mentioned?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Yes. It's, I think in terms of what's driving the success, it really goes back to the innovative mindset that Mike talked about in terms of, like we've had a history of picking up [indiscernible] (0:17:45) items that take a lot of work, rolling up the sleeves and going after what are sometimes considered immaterial dollar amounts, but when you spread them over 55,000 units, they really start to add up. And so putting the task force in place probably what was eight or nine months ago now to really go after this opportunity, getting a pretty good jump on it, making sure we had the resources available and then making sure we had the communicate with the residents. It has been a constant dialogue and a constant effort, both with current residents, as well as former residents to make sure they understand what the resources are available to them, both from government assistance, but also our own willingness to work with them and try to get them through this time. So I think it just comes back to putting the resources to it. That's what allowed us to get ahead start, I think on the rest of the market in terms of being out there on the collection side. In terms of the former resident opportunity, California and Washington are really the two big ones today that are up and running. Today we've, I think we have 3 million or so that have been received or an application that's out of roughly 14 million overall that AR balance related to those two markets from the covered period. New York really hasn't got off the ground yet, and I believe it has a lower dollar amount. I think they allocated $125 million to that program. So little bit less of an opportunity there and honestly less of an AR balance associated with that market. So hopefully over time we see continued momentum there and hopefully we see some of these other markets utilize some of their excess capacity from the current resident program and reallocate some of it to the former resident programs to help them as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey there, thank you. A couple of quick ones from me. First on the acquisition side, obviously you guys have been stepping up your activity there, notably in the mid-Atlantic where it looks like you sourced half for a little bit more than half your volume of the $900 million. So I guess I'm curious first on that the cap rates, the IRS, your underwriting, and then more broadly a question on the opportunity set with, say MetLife. It's been a few years since you guys did the asset swap, I think in 2018, I think there is 2013 assets left there; curious on the opportunity there, your level of interest or any conversations? Thanks.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Haendel its Joe. Maybe start at a high level in terms of the market selection. I'd say we kind of have three tiers of conviction within our broader process. We have conviction in terms of our market selection through the portfolio strategy process, high degree of conviction in terms of our transaction team's ability to identify assets that fit well with the platform. And thirdly, really high degree of conviction in terms of our ability to operating our performance to deal next door. And so when you look throughout the assets that we've been acquiring, yes, we started a high level and we had maybe a third of our markets in a given time that we would say are by orientation. And so the markets that you're seeing on here in terms of the buys typically represent those DC, Baltimore, Philly all the Tampa and Dallas work that we've done this year. So it started that level, but then it's really getting into the wheels and trying to identify, can you find a deal next door, where you have greater scalability and greater efficiencies of headcount? And then can you layer in a lot of the operational upside. The core blocking and tackling the initiatives, putting in a capital program in some cases, overriding the platform and so, it's really how we kind of approach it in terms of the yields and IRS that you reference. Typically we've been in the mid-4s type of range. That's a year-one unlevered FFO yield. So prior to management fee, prior to CapEx and so typically mid-4s and that's married up with a cost-to-capital, that's been low-4s to high-3s. So that's where some of the initial accretion comes from, and then these assets always have additional upside in years two and three and keep expanding that margin. Lastly, you just asked about met; really no updates there continue to be a fantastic partner for us. We did shrink the portfolio there a couple years ago and had a win-win off the truck. We executed with them. But you see in the presentation, the momentums starting to come back in that portfolio bit more urban, little bit more A+ so see a good momentum in that portfolio; when you look on attachment 11a.
Haendel St. Juste: Yes. Notable and appreciate the color there. You guys provided a bunch of helpful stats on the coastal versus Sunbelt, urban versus suburban. Can you guys discuss rent-to-income levels in some of those regions? How you're feeling there? Your ability to push pricing given, especially Sunbelt we've seen, I think rents, I think you mentioned being up 20 brand lease rates up 20% over the past year. So maybe some color on rent income, and just thoughts on relative pricing power amongst the region? Thanks.
Mike Lacy: Sure. Haendel its Mike. I will tell you for the most part, it's pretty consistent across the board. We have a couple of markets that are outliers. Monterey Peninsula for us has always been the one market that runs a little bit higher and even with that stat, it's about 25%, 26%, so it's still – still well below that 30% threshold that we watch. And then you have other places like Austin, Baltimore, and even Philadelphia and Portland for us, that's sub-20s. They're around 17%, 18% average rent income ratio. So again as a whole, we're right around that 20% to 21%, and it's very consistent with what we've experienced over the last couple of years.
Haendel St. Juste: It's helpful. Thanks guys.
Tom Toomey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Santos with Piper Sandler, please proceed with your question.
Daniel Santos: Hey good afternoon. Thanks for us digging around and taking all the questions. My first question is I was wondering if you could comment specifically on your thoughts on the potential for good cause eviction legislation in New York and what that might do to your views on whether or not you want to sell all down exposure. And if this effect is effective rent control is implemented, would you expect any sort of savings on property taxes?
Joe Fisher: Yes, good question. It is something that definitely isn't new to us in the regulatory team. It's item they've been tracking in that market. Most of the legislative sessions at this point have shut down for the year. And so as they fire back up in 2022 we do expect in New York specifically that you're referring to as will some of the other resident friendly markets will have series of rental-oriented topics that they'll be debating and discussing. So it's something that we are keeping an eye on and that from operational perspective, we'll be ready for in terms of the implementation of that and how we operate. It is definitely a factor though, in terms of when you reference, buy and sell a lot of our work hinges on our predictive analytics platform, but we do have a qualitative overlay and regulatory is one of those key factors that we look at. Obviously a market like New York, or LA, or San Francisco does not screen well on that factor. But we do have a number of different factors. We got to juggle when making these decisions. It's no different than looking at climate change down in South Florida, it's no different than looking at the big supply picture that we see in Austin and Nashville. There's factors in every market that we have to mash them all together and figure out what's the best potential outcome on a go forward basis. So it does play into our thinking, but it's not going to cause us to necessarily sell down. But it does definitely continue to drive forward the value creation piece of why do we want to be a diversified platform. Clearly for reasons such as this demand supply, regulatory, they can all get out of whack at certain different points in the market cycle. So being diversified clearly is the right path for us to stay on.
Daniel Santos: Perfect. That's helpful. And then one last one for me and sorry, if you already covered it, it's been a long call. How much more of benefit are you expecting from smart rent? And what might be the timing there? I assume that there are some sort of lockups and you're exiting would be synchronized with your partners.
Joe Fisher: Yes. Good question. So, we've got a couple items that you can kind of look through for reference within the supplemental. Primarily on Attachment 1 we do have a footnote in there, down at the bottom footnote three that refers to what the unrealized mark-to-market was in the quarter. That was almost $15 million both on balance sheet and through our investment in the funds through two separate investment areas. If you go to 11A you can see what the balance is for RATV1 and 2 of approximately $44 million. Within that and within our on-balance sheet valuation for our smart rent investments, it's about $34 million today. If you look at our ownership percentage and current stock price, debt investments probably worth $75 million to $80 million. And so, you are so somewhere in the $40 million, $45 million left over time, obviously there is liquidity constraints and yes, we will try to align with our partners on that investment in terms of how we move forward with it. So net-net very pleased with it. I think the bigger two issues coming out of it, one phenomenal to hit a grand slam here on it is that $75 million to $80 million basically pays for all of our smart rent installs as well as all of that $30 million initial investment in our platform. So taking care of that investment is fantastic. As well as you think about this being a critical piece of the found infrastructure for the platform, being able to help set up the self-guided tours that drive that larger funnel. It's been a huge win-win for us, as well as the residents given it helped us from an expense control standpoint, helped get us additional revenue that obviously helps the resident in terms of controlling their living environment and their overall resident experience with us. So I've been very pleased with smart rent and the partnership we've had with them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Kalmus with Zelman & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Kalmus: Hi, thank you very much. Just turning back to the eviction process throughout your diverse portfolio, can you describe how that process is playing out versus a baseline where the moratoriums have been listed?
Tom Toomey: So, I guess starting with a couple of numbers Joe talked about, there's only about 50 bips or so of kind of long-term non-payers debt. If we could move right now we would move or have moved on. You have to remember these are people that have been wholly nonresponsive really over the entire period of COVID. We've reached out to them consistently. They just won't talk to us, they won't apply for rental assistance. Eviction for us is really a tool of absolute last resort and is really to try to get them either into the application process or just get them once again to work with us on some sort of payment plan, et cetera. So, we are a little bit more, I guess I would say free from an eviction type process in places like Texas, Florida, et cetera, that don't have moratoriums anymore. However, we also had significantly less delinquency down there. So the numbers are fairly de minimis. They do a lot more handcuffs when it comes to coastal markets, especially those with the moratoriums still or effective moratoriums in the form of kind of bridge regulatory, restrictions. Continuing to work towards that really the biggest piece in a lot of those coastal markets is that if you are trying to move forward or trying to get someone to work with you, you have to apply for them. And after that maybe you can move on them. So we're working through that resident by resident, as we've talked about, we want to work with everyone we can, we want to help everyone we can. We want to source assistance for everyone we can. But at the end of the day, some people just will not work with us.
Alex Kalmus: Got it. Thank you. And just starting to more generally on the acquisition market, there has been a lot of well-funded, permanent capital vehicles that are open ended and how is that playing out into competitive environment today? And do you think that translate to in the long term in terms of your ability to acquire new assets and dispose off at attractive prices?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. Yes, you touched on a major point that’s driving cap rates down. So, you think about the sort of three legs. One is interest rates, which have been low; two is projected operating performance which is now very positive; and previous capital flows, which are enormous. And so you've seen a cap rate response as cap rates yields have gone down and values have gone up. From our perspective, I mean, the way we think about it is we're not going to buy everything. There will be call it $150 billion to $200 billion in institutional type apartments that we’ll sell in 2021 and 2022 will probably be something very similar. We continue to focus on the types of assets that we've talked about on this call and really over the last year or two, where over the last year, we've bought a dozen properties for $1 billion, $6 billion, $7 billion. And candidly, over the last two and a half years, we've invested $3.5 billion between acquisitions, development, DCP. We've invested in 13 markets across that time. So that, gives us a fairly wide brush where we can source our deals. And I'm not suggesting that it's easy, that it's getting easier. It certainly is not, but we only need a few to continue to deploy the capital that that we raise.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey, for any closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Well certainly, and thanks to all of you who have been on the call for your time and interest in UDR. As you can tell, we're really excited about our business and the prospects for the future. But I want to remind you, we remain focused on continuing to execute our strategic plan, as well as a high execution rate on our differentiated value creators.  Couple of closing, other thoughts. I'm very pleased with our team and our culture we built, which was really evident in our associate engagement, both in the response and the feedback, I’m very proud of that. And thank all of my associates for what they've been doing through COVID, but what we've built for the future. And lastly, for the recognition by GRESB as UDR as an ESG leader.  With that, we look forward to seeing you at Nareit and hope you take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to UDR's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only. A question-and-answer session will follow the presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo. You may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR's Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. On the call with me today are, Mike Lacy, Senior Vice President of Operations; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results. Senior Officers, Harry Alcock; Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Our second quarter results were at the high end of our guidance expectations. In addition, our third guidance raise this year was driven by rapidly improving multifamily fundamentals across all our markets, combined with our competitive advantages, which include our best-in-class operating platform, our market selection and capital allocation acumen and a variety of additional value creation mechanisms. Mike and Joe will further address these topics in their prepared remarks. During our first quarter earnings call, just over 90 days ago, we laid out why we thought a strong broad-based multifamily recovery may be imminent. Since then, our upside scenario has largely played out. From a macro perspective, additional fiscal stimulus, improved vaccination rates, normalized business conditions and a return to office have driven jobs and wage growth. We have actively captured this incremental demand as evidenced by quarter end occupancy of 97.5%, a new high watermark for the Company. Ongoing regulatory restrictions continue to hamper our ability to fully operate our business, but these are now beginning to sunset at an accelerating rate. As this occurs, we anticipate recapturing temporarily lost income from limits on renewal rate growth, charged fees, collections and operating initiatives that were artificially constrained during the pandemic. Moving on. Our innovative next-generation operating platform continues to drive a wholesale change in how we approach our customers and run our business. Since the platform initially came online in mid-2018. Its self-service attributes have allowed us to gain significant cost efficiencies by reducing our on-site staffing by nearly 40%. Our slim down workforce is better compensated, has more opportunities for career advancement and can more effectively concentrate their efforts on resident satisfaction and profitability as well as new opportunities for UDR. I count this as a win for our associates, our residents and the Company and certainly our stakeholders. To everyone in the field and at corporate, keep up the good work, you're doing a great job. I look to more progress in our future. In closing, I remain highly confident in the strategic direction of our company and our team's ability to execute on the opportunities ahead of us. We have a demonstrated ability to generate strong results over time throughout our diversified portfolio. In particular, a better core operations, repeatable revenue-enhancing initiatives, our innovative next-generation operating platform and certainly our accretive capital allocation. This is driven average earnings growth in seven of the last nine years and total shareholder return that consistently outperforms widely recognized industry benchmarks. 2021 continues to shape up well and our actions and approach to capitalizing on the ongoing recovery are poised to set us up for continued growth in the years ahead. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: The pace of recovery in our business since the depths of COVID has been incredible and nearly the inverse of what we experienced a year ago. While we expected a positive inflection during the second quarter for our portfolio, in aggregate, the rapid rebound in multifamily demand and core operating trends has surpassed our expectations and led us to raise guidance for a third time in approximately 90 days. First, let me take you through our second quarter results with a focus on key operating trends. Second quarter results came in at the high end of our guidance range with occupancy reaching all-time highs of 97.5% in June, effective blended lease rate growth accelerating 580 basis points sequentially versus the first quarter, and same-store revenue growth improving 180 basis points sequentially. Strong underlying demand has persisted into July with market rents above year ago levels in all UDR markets. Current market rent growth is a forward-looking indicator of leases to be signed, and this strength gives us confidence that 2021 and 2022 results will continue to benefit from the ongoing recovery. In terms of demand, same-store traffic during the second quarter was well above the comparable 2020 and 2019 periods. This was driven by two primary factors. First, our self-guided tour capabilities have allowed us to accommodate higher levels of traffic; and second, a continued migration by residents back to harder hit urban areas, which is best evidenced by sequential occupancy gain of greater than 200 basis points in both New York and San Francisco during the quarter. Our 30-day occupancy, which assumes no new leases are signed over the next 30 days currently averages 97% portfolio-wide and compares favorably to the 96% three months ago. Our elevated occupancy has translated into stronger pricing power across all our markets. As such, we are willing to accept somewhat higher near-term turnover to lock in higher rents and further strengthen our future rent roll. During the quarter, sequential improvements in our blended lease rate growth was widespread and averaged 580 basis points higher versus the first quarter. Currently, our weighted average loss to lease is approximately 10% on a gross basis and higher on an effective basis. This is a material improvement versus just a few months ago when our average loss to lease was hovering near 2% and a complete reversal versus the fourth quarter of 2020 when our gain to lease reached 6%. August and September renewals have averaged 7% thus far or roughly double what we achieved in the second quarter. For the third quarter, we are forecasting effective blended lease rate growth accelerating to the mid- to high single digits, driven by ongoing strong renewals and effective new lease rate growth portfolio-wide. Additionally, concession pressures continue to abate. Our strategy through the pandemic has been to maintain gross rents and offer upfront concessions to better preserve our rent roll for the anticipated rebound. At peak concession levels during the fourth quarter of 2020, we granted 3.5 to four weeks of concessions on average on new leases. That declined to approximately 2.5 weeks in April and less than half a week on average today. As each week of concession equals to roughly 2% effective rate growth, we have effectively improved our since late 2020. On top of market, I expect this dynamic to continue throughout the third quarter when we re-priced about 1/3 of our portfolio. Moving on. As we discussed on our first quarter call, emergency regulatory restrictions reduced our quarterly total NOI by approximately $8 million to $10 million or $0.03 per share at the highest COVID. Most of this shortfall came through lower collections with a minority and reduced other income and restrictions on renewal rate growth. This is now turning around. First, regarding collections, we've had success being a first mover and working with our residents to access state and local rental assistance programs and obtained reimbursement on accumulated background and prospective rent. Year-to-date, collections from these programs have totaled approximately $10.4 million, and this is prior to California, the state of Washington and New York contributing much due to their late starts or delays. We currently have another $12 million of applications under review and are optimistic that we can continue to recover delinquent balances. And second, growth has resumed in certain fee income streams. For example, demand for short-term furnished rentals is back to 2019 levels, and we expect our common area rentals to return to 75% of 2019 levels during the third quarter. Fee income now totals approximately $60 million in revenue when annualized, a number similar to 2019 levels. However, applying a standard growth rate of 3% 2019 fee income would imply a 2021 estimate that should be closer to $65 million. As such, we believe there is additional fee upside as regulatory restrictions continue to sunset across our portfolio. Moving on. Our next-generation operating Platform version 1.0 has now been fully rolled out to 18 of our 21 markets and over 85% of our roughly 55,000 apartment homes. Our residents have embraced our shift to a self-service model as evidenced by approximately 97% of year-to-date tours being self-guided or touch-less. On-site UDR associates now spend five minutes on average with a prospective resident during a property tour versus 55 minutes previously. The widespread introduction of automated self-touring and easy-to-use resident interfaces across our communities has driven average headcount reductions of approximately 40% compared to early 2018 staffing levels, primarily through natural attrition. Our approach to staffing and the adoption of various technologies establishes a permanent reduction in our cost structure, that helps to neutralize wage inflation and allows our employees to manage our communities more efficiently. To give some hard numbers, at the beginning of 2018, we had one associate for every 31 apartment homes including corporate employees. Today, we have one associate for every 42 apartment homes and see a pass to achieving one associate for every 44 homes managed in the coming quarters. Importantly, these achievements have come in tandem with higher customer service as evidenced by the 24% improvement in our resident satisfaction scores since the formal implementation of Platform 1.0, three years ago. The efficiencies we can realize through our operating expertise and platform are also central to our acquisition strategy. On the revenue side, the implementation of advanced revenue management capabilities, better-than-expected market rent growth in certain markets, and our platform's ability to accommodate more prospective residents on tours have resulted in occupancy and rate growth ahead of our underwriting expectations for our 2020 and 2021 acquisitions. This is especially true for the more than 2,500 homes we have acquired in Florida and Texas since the start of 2020. Our portfolio strategy approach helped to identify attractive growth markets, and I credit Harry and our transaction team for finding communities that optimized our platform capabilities. Proximity to legacy UDR assets is key to maximizing the benefits our platform provides and realizing outsized yield expansion from our multiple value creation drivers. For example, at the six communities that we have acquired since the fourth quarter of 2020, on-site staffing has been reduced by 30% on average and is tracking to a pro forma 45% reduction on average, while still maintaining a high level of service. In total, we believe our operations first approach is a competitive advantage that should continue to drive strong growth in our legacy portfolio and acquired properties. Finally, I want to thank my colleagues in the field and at corporate for their dedication to the platform vision. UDR has a culture that empowers our associates and we continue to evolve based on your feedback. Through the team's collective efforts, we are well on track to achieving our original incremental NOI growth target of $15 million to $20 million by 2022 from Platform 1.0 initiatives. As we continue to improve and refine has already been rolled out, I am confident in our ability to generate an additional $10 million to $15 million in run rate NOI by the mid-2020s from the next round of platform-related ideas. In particular, initiatives from Platform 1.5 are designed to improve resident satisfaction, increased retention, reduce days vacant and create a better pricing model that is driven by proprietary, data analytics and heat maps. To my UDR associates listening to this call, you have done a great job of fostering innovation, and I'm excited to work with you as we continue to enhance our platform. Keep up the great results. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our second quarter results and our improved outlook for full year 2021 of recent transactions and capital markets activity and a balance sheet and liquidity update. Our second quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.49 achieved the high end of our previously provided guidance range and was supported by same-store revenue growth at the high end of our expectations. For the third quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.49 to $0.51. The $0.01 per share sequential increase at the midpoint is driven by our expectation for positive sequential same-store NOI growth and accretion from recent capital allocation activities. Our year-to-date results when combined with our expectation for continued sequential improvement throughout the year drove the increases in our full year 2021 FFOA and same-store guidance range cited in our release. We now anticipate full year $1.97 to $2.01 with the midpoint representing a $0.02 increase from our prior guidance. This increase is driven by a $0.02 benefit from an 88 basis point midpoint improvement in same-store NOI growth, a $0.01 benefit from accretive transaction activity and lower interest expense, offset by $0.01 from increased G&A expense. For same-store guidance, we are now forecasting full year 2021 revenue growth of negative 0.25% to positive 0.75% with concessions on a cash basis and negative 2.25% to negative 1.25% with concessions on a straight-line basis. This difference is primarily due to the residual impact of concessions amortizing during 2021 that were granted in 2020. As Mike discussed, we are encouraged by the positive trajectory and sustainability of our operating growth, but a portion of the upside we are currently realizing will likely manifest in 2022 as opposed to this year. Additional guidance details including sources and uses expectations, are available on Attachment 15 and 16D of our supplement. Next, transactions update. During the quarter, we accretively acquired three communities and one land site for a total of $406 million. Subsequent to quarter end, we completed one acquisition and are under contract to acquire two additional communities for a total of $410 million. All acquisitions are in markets that are protective analytics framework identified is desirable, are located proximate to other UDR communities and have been match-funded with accretively priced sources. Please refer to yesterday's press release for additional details on recent transactions. Should these transactions all close as expected, our year-to-date 2021 acquisition activity will total approximately $900 million. There are two takeaways to be aware of when considering our recent acquisitional growth. First, we believe we can generate outsized deals expansion at these communities in the coming years through our multiple value creation drivers. These include improving core operations, implementing legacy operating initiatives, overlaying our next-generation operating platform, driving proximity centric efficiencies and renovating apartment homes in common areas. We have already successfully used this playbook on our nearly $1 billion in third-party acquisitions completed in 2019 and 2020. Second, our willingness to source accretive capital and put it to work through the first seven months of 2021 has proven as asset values have generally increased 5% to 10% on average over the past 60 to 90 days. We continue to look for accretive opportunities to deploy the previously raised equity into, which will grow our earnings per share and create value for our stakeholders. Moving on. Our investment-grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include. First, during the quarter, we entered into forward sale agreements for approximately 8.7 million shares of common stock for a combined $425 million of future expected proceeds. We anticipate using these funds on accretive acquisitions, DCP investments, and land site opportunities, which we expect to close in the coming quarters. Second, we have only $640 million of consolidated debt or less than 3% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2025, after excluding amounts on our credit facilities. Our proactive approach to managing our balance sheet has resulted in the best three-year liquidity outlook in the sector, the lowest weighted average interest rate amongst the multifamily peer group at 2.7% and a weighted average years to maturity expanded to 7.5 years from seven years a year ago. Last, as of June 30, our liquidity totaled $1.5 billion as measured by our cash and net credit facility capacity and including the future expected proceeds from the settlement of our forward equity sale agreements. Our financial leverage was 27% on enterprise value, inclusive of joint ventures, and our net debt-to-EBITDAre was 7.4x on a consolidated basis, but would be 6.8x if approximately $400 million of outstanding forward equity agreements were settled during the quarter to fully equitize acquisitions that were recently closed. Taken together, our balance sheet remains in excellent shape, our liquidity position is strong, our forward sources and uses remain balanced, and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation options to create value. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we will be conducting our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please state your question.
Nick Joseph: Maybe just sort of on the federal rent relief program, I think you mentioned $12 million in applications right now. How much is guidance assuming that you collect for the remainder of this year?
Joe Fisher: Nick, it's Joe. I appreciate the question. I'd say first off in terms of how we approach this because we are pretty proud of the efforts that we put for so far. So when this came out in the first two stimulus packages, we looked at that and saw really a win-win for both the resident and the investor base in terms of been able to get full payments to get some of these residents off their past due rents as well as, of course, get cash under the investor. So approach just like we do in the initiative, we have platform, parking, common area rentals, et cetera, and through a team behind it and went after it pretty aggressively. So very pleased with the $10 million we've gotten to date. Actually, I just got an e-mail again this morning another $600,000 in from California overnight, so continue to see momentum on that front. In terms of the opportunity set and kind of how it plays in the guidance, at point, we have $12 million out there in application. Team continues to work with residents on trying to get more and more of them signed up as they have for the last several months. So roughly half of our AR balance right now is an application. In addition, above and beyond that, we do have $20 million approximately related to former residents that's out there from the COVID-affected period. And effectively, half of that $10 million or so is in California and Washington, who have recently announced plans to potentially start assisting former residents with being able to get off of their past due rents from when they moved out with us. So, we have a team focused on that as well. So in terms of impacts on guidance, it's a little bit of science with this. We are picking up about $700,000 a week and expect that trend to continue. So in terms of what we factored in the back half, we do expect collections to start picking up. We've eventually gotten to around 98% on past quarters. We think that picks up into the mid-98s as we get into the back half here. And then hopefully, as we get into the next part of next year, we see that continue to improve as kind of some of the regulatory restrictions come off and we continue the efforts with the past due residents. So hopefully, you'll see that pick up into '22 as well.
Nick Joseph: That was very helpful. And then just on the operating platform rollout, it sounds like 1.0 is almost done. How much has it changed? Or how much feedback have you received as you roll out in each individual market versus the initial rollouts?
Mike Lacy: Nick, it's Mike. Appreciate the question. To your point, we are happy with that rollout and extremely happy to see the efficiencies start to play out as evidenced by that 2% controllable expense number. And I can tell you, the first thing that we're looking at is just going out and talking to all of our residents, talking to our prospects. And I've been going out and talking to the employees, and they're starting to really embrace it. And I think one that I would point to is that, 97% of our tours are self-guided. That tells you right there that people want the self-guided tours, they want that self-service and it's something that's not going to go away. I'd say, second, we continue to run our properties with less people. And we believe we can do more. And you heard me in my prepared remarks, we're close to one employee per 42 apartment homes at this point, and we're tracking closer to the one per 44. And the last thing I'd say is, pleasantly surprised with where this is going. We're pretty excited to see that traffic continue to increase. The funnel is wide open at this point, starting to see that pricing power play out, and we think there's more efficiencies to be gained.
Nick Joseph: Mike, what about your NPS scores?
Mike Lacy: NPS score is up about 24%. So, we're continuing to see that our residents are embracing and this is what they want and happy to do business with us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jeff Spector: Thank you and congratulations on the quarter. First question is on market just given some of your peers have announced entering new markets, markets that you're already in. What are your thoughts on, on your footprint and expanding into markets? I haven't seen anyone announced Phoenix which has been a hot market.
Joe Fisher: Jeff, good morning, it's Joe. I think we're in a great position already. When you look at diversified portfolio, be it the 20 markets, the 65-35 mix on suburban, urban, the roughly 50-50 AB. So, we're kind of coming from a position of strength on this one, where we don't feel compelled add new markets, aggressively reduce or expand certain markets. So, the way we've approached it is really utilize the portfolio strategy work, both the predictive analytics and the qualitative overlay to try to guide us a little bit in terms of where we direct our capital and our human efforts and our resources that we have here and make sure we focus on markets that we think are going to outperform and then incrementally deploy capital into those markets. But the real value add within all that comes from what we're doing at the asset level. So when Harry and Andrew and their team get together with the team and put together the business plan on these assets, it's making sure that we continue to find assets that have those competitive advantage and value creation levers that we have, be it the core ops, the initiatives, the platform focused on the proximity of the assets to existing assets, so we can really the approach and get more efficiencies and then find capital programs that maybe the prior owner had neglected or don't have capital for. So the market is helpful for us, but I think the true recurring advantage we have on the external growth front comes back to what we're doing here on the ops and the platform side.
Jeff Spector: Very helpful. And my second question is, can you comment on supply over the next 12 to 18 months? Is it too soon to say exactly your thoughts on supply for '22 at this point?
Joe Fisher: No. I think we've got a decent read on supply at this point. As you start to head into '22, obviously, there will be some slippage throughout the year. But you did see permits come off a decent, not as much as we would have hoped during the downturn. But as we look into '22, I'd say that overall, our markets are looking like they're probably flat to down maybe 10 or so percent. That applies to the submarket level as well. The markets that we feel better about from a supply perspective going into next year really Boston, Dallas, Tampa, three of the markets that we've definitely been the most active in as well as Orlando, Denver, Northern California markets may be a little bit more concerned about New York City has a little bit longer lead time in terms of how long it takes to get through the construction and delivery process. So New York may be still a little bit higher next year. And then some markets like Nashville, D.C. looks to hold steady, Baltimore may be up a little bit. But overall, we feel pretty good that supply coming off maybe a little bit. Similarly as you kind of look at recent permit activity, permits are still down in our markets, call it, 10% or so from the peak back in kind of late '19, early '20. So a little bit of a reprieve there on multifamily supply, but I think as you've seen, plenty of demand out there as well for single-family, so single-family permit activity is up. So as you kind of go into late '22, '23, maybe it starts to level out a little bit there, given the permit activity that we're looking at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Rich Hightower: Joe, I can see that the full year guidance assumes full settlement of the forward shares. But can you help us understand maybe a little bit better around the timing of pairing the settlement against new acquisitions? And I think you mentioned that it may go on for several quarters. Obviously, the expiration of those agreements is June of next year. So just help us understand the sort of the cadence and all that?
Joe Fisher: Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Rich. You are correct. Guidance does take into account the settlement of those forward equity agreements within the second half. I think it's fair to assume at this point, roughly 50-50 in 3Q and 4Q. When you look at the uses that we have teed up, within the press release, we announced the acquisition of Brio, up in Seattle as well as under contract on two assets for net equity needs of around $300 million for those three transactions. In addition, you have dev and redev DCP funding, but that leaves roughly $400 million to identify and deploy capital into, which should take place in the second half. We're really looking at three avenues for that one, its acquisitions, acquisitions of existing DCP investments and then new DCP investments. And so, I would say on the acquisition side, continue to utilize those, value creation mechanisms, spoke about a little bit ago in terms of new acquisitions and feel good about the pipeline there and continue to deploy in a diverse set of markets and get the accretion that we've been able to get in the past. We are having a number of discussions with existing DCP equity partners, potentially buying some of those assets underlying those DCP investments. So, as we've talked about those in the past, DCP, we love the economics. Love where we're at in the cycle to continue to deploy it into that. But one of the big reasons we like that piece of the business is the optionality it creates. And so having the seat at the table and maybe buying some of these assets, is another good opportunity for us to maybe create some value on those; and of course, still looking to grow the DCP pipeline. So when you roll it all together, second half settlement, 50-50 is probably fair to assume for your models at this point, though.
Rich Hightower: Okay. That's helpful, Joe. And my second question, we've talked on a couple of calls in the last couple of days just about the strength in rent or demand that seems to have surprised a lot of people. Maybe help us understand renter psychology right now where you've got a lot of people sort of coming off the sidelines for various reasons, sort of the reverse of what happened during COVID. And there's almost this scarcity mentality. We see it in New York and maybe some other places. So how long do you expect that mentality to persist? And what are you guys seeing in that regard?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Maybe I'll start and others can jump in. I'd just say from a macro perspective, obviously, you're seeing a lot of household formation picking up. So, as the consumer psyche improves and they get more confidence in the economy and the recovery, going out there and forming new households in multifamily or single-family, clearly helpful. So you have a lot of pent-up demand be from individuals that moved home, doubled up with friends, more recent college grad that, obviously, in the last couple of years didn't get out into the workforce and form a new household, so plenty going on there. The migration side, clearly, you're seeing more immigration take place within this political regime than the past one, and so definitely beneficial on the multifamily side for us. And then you get into the psychology of the renter, you look at where wages have gone. There's significant wage inflation taking place out there. I think our markets are plus or minus 5% or 6% above pre-COVID levels at this point in time, so more money in their pockets on that side. The average stimulus check for most of our renters, were around $3,000, which equates to 1.5 months or so of rent. And so, they have a better balance sheet, more cash that they're sitting on today. And then you get back into the return to office piece of the equation, which has started, but we think in some of these markets, there may be a second wave here into kind of post-Labor Day environment that helps give us continued pricing power a little bit deeper into the season than in the past. So, I think you roll it all together, and it's good demographics, it's a good economic recovery and a more stable and more cash heavy consumer than we've seen in the past. So, I expect this trajectory to continue, obviously, through the rest of this year, but definitely into next year as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: So guys, I want to just talk about your guide for a second. It's a pretty -- I think it implies north of 4% same-store revenue for the second half of the year. And when I look at what you're putting up for July in terms of rent growth or lease growth around 5% to 6%, why can't same-store revenue be even better than the 4.2% that's implied in the second half of the year? What's holding that back?
Joe Fisher: I think two things. One, you do have the stair step. As you think of the 4% implied in the second half, we're going to go from our minus one this quarter to likely something less than four in the third quarter and something more than four in the fourth quarter. So there's a stair-step taking place. When you think about the year-over-year, you do still have the earn-in of the prior rent roll, meaning that blends have flipped a positive, which we're very excited about. I think in Mike's script, talked about blends continuing to get better in the third quarter. And given the comps that we run into in 4Q, the concessions we had then, probably not a stretch to imagine that blends continue to get better in the fourth quarter. That said, we did have blends that were negative earlier in the year as well as in fourth quarter last year, which still pulled down that 3Q and 4Q year-over-year number. So, that's why there's kind of the disconnect between what we're seeing today in blends and the lagged impact of when it eventually gets into the same-store revenue number. But what we're doing today on blends obviously builds into '22. So, a lot of focus at this point on how do you continue to price and perhaps a little bit less so on 3Q and 4Q are going to be.
Rich Hill: Toomey, how much of your rent roll for '22 have you already priced?
Tom Toomey: That's right around 50%. So by the time we get to the end of, call it, September, we'll be around 80% priced and that will be approximately 40% of our 2022 earn-in.
Rich Hill: In your loss to lease?
Mike Lacy: Loss to lease is very strong today, sitting in around 10% to 11%. And the way we're thinking about that today is that's your base rents, your market rent. And then if you think about what we were doing last year with our strategy around concessions, we're starting to offer that, call it, three to four weeks. We're getting very close to offering next to nothing at this point. we should see anywhere from 4% to 8% growth on an effective basis moving forward if we can maintain that on top of whatever we can get on this market rent side. So we're looking at some pretty big increases as we move forward.
Tom Toomey: Coupled with your fee recovery, et cetera, government regulations coming down, Rich. It's Toomey. It's really hard for us to map a number out for the second half of the year and next year when it's accelerating at such a pace, and you have on potential recoveries from your ARs and the priors. And so, I wouldn't get too much tied up into the 4.2 or 4.5. It's probably in a different ZIP code. We'll see where it plays out.
Rich Hill: Yes, that's exactly what I was getting at. And what you just went through is very, very helpful. It just brings me up to another question. I just want to play a double advocate here for a second. Some of the pushback that we get is that you've outperformed your peers on a growth basis in 2020 and so far in 2021, given your diversity of portfolios. And doesn't that mean that you're going to have not as steep of recovery on the other side of COVID, yet you continue to prove that otherwise with inflections that are stronger than the peer group. I guess the question is, how are you doing that? Is it really the best of both worlds where you're getting the strong inflection in the coastal markets, but you're also getting absolute high level of rents and continued rent growth in the Sun Belt and suburban markets. What's your secret sauce? I know you talked about it, but it's pretty impressive what you're doing. And so I'd just like to hear it maybe one more time.
Tom Toomey: Yes, sure. Rich, I appreciate the question. I'll start. But I think the difference has been this: one, the culture of the place continuing to innovate and the execution of the platform. And if you think through the platform, if we can give a tour in five minutes, which is what the customer is desirous of or a 15-minute tour, we can run a number more on the demand side through the front door, which increases our pricing power conviction. And literally, if you say to a customer, we had 240 tours last week. And by the way, we only have 20 apartments, when would you like yours because these are the dates you have to take it. We've all been in that mode in other aspects of our retail hotel travel schedule. And when you put it to a customer that they have to take it on the date that you desire, you increase your pricing power and your days vacant come down, and that's a significant outperformance. And just one of the things that we're learning with the use of the platform is that a clear example. So I think it's culture, the platform execution. Joe, anything else you'd add?
Joe Fisher: I know, Rich, performance continued to perform well there relative to peers. But I don't want to lose sight either of FFOA and cash flow performance, which lion's share is driven by operational performance, but we have been by far the most active over the last three years on the external growth front. Being able to utilize this platform that we've built, being able to utilize the skill sets of the transactional team to go find these one-off assets and keep driving performance. The 2019 deals that we've talked about in the past, I think we talked about last quarter, talked about it within the presentation at NAREIT, which hopefully everybody could take a look at. The building blocks there have definitely come to fruition and driven a lot of upside NOI off of 2019. If you look at the 2020, 2021 acquisitions, if you just look at the market rents today and if those hold, we're 50 to 75 bps above pro forma at this point in time. So we're already capturing year three type of numbers in year one given how quickly market rents, have moved. So being aggressive during the down cycle and others warrants is definitely paying dividends for us. Similarly, on the DCP side, that market dried up a little bit in terms of participants that were out there, but equity was still looking for capital. We went out and did four transactions during the downturn, a 13%, 14% target IRRs. Obviously, NOIs and asset values have moved aggressively since then. So hopefully, the IRRs when we get all said and done are actually better than that. And so being there and having the balance sheet ready and being able to step up and continue with external growth and utilize the balance sheet, utilize the skills of the Company, that's driving more FFOA on top of the core ops that Tom is talking about. So, I don't want to lose sight of that kind of virtuous cycle that we have going right now.
Rich Hill: Yes. I'll just summarize with what you said. I think what you're saying is you have real earnings power rather than this just being a base effect, which we would completely agree with.
Joe Fisher: I think that was a much simpler way of putting it than I did. Thanks, Rich
Operator: Our next question comes from Amanda Sweitzer with Baird. Please go ahead.
Amanda Sweitzer: Following up on those DCP deals, you got your full year guidance hasn't changed, but clearly rank it highly as the use of capital. Can you just provide more information on the opportunities that you're seeing today to increase those investments, both in terms of yields in the market and volume?
Harry Alcock: Sure, Amanda. This is Harry. I mean, overall, the number of opportunities remains elevated. There is a lot of developers looking for this type of capital. However, the pushback is that capital overall continues to look for yield, meaning there's new players that are in the prep equity market. The market overall is very competitive. So as Joe mentioned, our expectation is that overall returns are probably coming down. We've done 20 deals since 2013. We were low double digits and total return for a number of years, loaded up to 13% to 14% the last two or three years, and now we're probably back into the double-digit again. We do expect to be able to continue to deploy capital in DCP. We closed three deals this year, committing about $70 million. We have a track record, and we'll continue to access existing relationships. We're currently at $310 million in capital committed to DCP. And our expectation is that we'll add another $100 million to $150 million over the next year or so.
Joe Fisher: Yes. And Amanda, I think I mentioned earlier, too, the optionality on some of these, we are having conversations on actually $300 million pipeline back in through acquisitions. So they don't all have options. We do have backside participation on 80% of these or so. But we also have a two-year lockout typically post certificate of occupancy, which makes us the only potential buyer during that two-year window. And so, a number of these equity partners are IR driven, they want to take advantage of the pricing that's available in the market, and they want to get that cash back to redeploy into the next set of development on their side. So there are win-win potentials here for us potentially, get access to some of those assets as well. So that may influence the size of the DCP pipeline from quarter-to-quarter as well if we can buy some of those out.
Amanda Sweitzer: Yes. That's interesting. And then sticking on capital allocation and some of your recent acquisition activity, can looks to be a new submarket for you, and it's a bit outside of your recent strategy, I think, of buying near your existing clusters. Can you just talk about the opportunity you saw in that market in particular and maybe those properties as well?
Harry Alcock: Amanda, this is Harry. I think I mentioned that while we acquired a single asset in the second quarter, we have another one tied up under contract. So we're going to add the second property with 544 homes, a mile from the first property with 468 homes, with 1,000 homes with a mile one another. And then again, we're going to implement our capital program and $20 million plus in those two properties, implement the operating platform. Again, we look at those operating synergies given the scale of those two acquisitions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Austin Wurschmidt: Just curious what your analytics are really telling you about Southern California today is. It seems like you guys have sold a couple of assets this year. You've got another one under contract. What's sort of the right exposure here? And does it make sense still to over-index to the region?
Joe Fisher: Austin. So, following up on that and maybe closing out to Amanda's question as well, Suburban Maryland and the D.C. region as a whole screen very well for us on the predictive and the qualitative side. So in addition to everything Harry said about deal specifics, the cost trading in the submarket, the market as a whole screens well there. I'd say Southern California, generally kind of the middle of the pack, Inland Empire and San Diego screen better for us, Orange County and L.A. kind of middle of the pack from a standpoint qualitatively given the regulatory environment there, obviously not a positive when we look at the qualitative side. So, we have lightened up a little bit. Orange County is an outsized market for us, being the second largest in the portfolio of [indiscernible]. So, it makes sense to perhaps lighten up a little bit there. In addition, we've been able to get pretty phenomenal pricing on a couple of these transactions, both in Orange County, going back to last year to a couple of Seattle deals, been able to get generally kind of pre-COVID type of pricing and pricing that relative to our internal expectations was a little bit better. So, when you mold it all together, it made sense to source a little bit of capital from those.
Austin Wurschmidt: That's helpful. And then there's been a lot of discussion on calls around whether or not we get an extended leasing season this year. And I'm curious, what you guys ascribed to as far as this theme goes? And would you say it's reflected in your guidance? Or do you expect more seasonal patterns because it's a little difficult to tell with some of the easing comps and just curious how you kind of thought about market rent growth and occupancy through the back half of the year?
Mike Lacy: Austin, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. I think we're seeing different things in different markets. And just to take a step back, first and foremost, looking at some of our leading indicators, it's really that market rent growth, and it's our 30-day trend. So in a lot of cases, when we're running 97% to even 97.5%, 30 days out, we have a lot of ability to push rents. We're seeing that people are renewing at a faster rate. We don't have an issue with turnover in the future. So we think that there's opportunity there. And then in some of these urban areas, where we're hearing more and more that people wouldn't be coming back to work, call it after Labor Day into October. We do expect that there will be a second wave of demand coming there. And so we're doing a lot of things with our pricing today to make sure that we capture that.
Joe Fisher: I will say from a 30,000-foot view. So bringing it back to guidance in terms of what's embedded there, there is a more typical seasonality that we have embedded within that number at the midpoint. When do you go to the upside, it kind of goes into what Mike's talking way of the sustained pricing power traffic into the post Labor Day period. So that kind of gets you from midpoint to high point, if you will.
Tom Toomey: Austin having done it for a while, it's hard to ever see a period where we're having this type of pricing power on a national basis. And I think you have a fair question, when do we think New York will be fully back online, but you're at 98% occupied today. San Francisco has turned back on. What's striking to me is as people, when they go out and new apartment and move, they're not finding the pricing or the deals, so they're going to stay put through leasing season. And so, Mike's looking forward on notices to vacate. He's actually got very limited inventory that he's going to be able to present to the market -- a new market rent, but he's got extreme pricing power on renewals. And so, it's going to be an interesting fourth quarter for us. You may not see a lot of leases signed, but you may see some really eye-popping renewal numbers.
Mike Lacy: I would say that, and on top of that, just places like Tampa today, the demand is so good, that some of the trends we're watching and things that we're tracking, people are signing property. So our closing ratios are off the charts. People are locking them in quicker. And there's a lot of opportunity there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Brad Heffern: Just sticking to the theme of the last question. What do you think ultimately causes that pricing power to go away? Is it supply? It sounds like you're seeing it effectively across the entire market, but obviously, the population hasn't grown a lot. So I guess what do you think kind of the fundamental driver is and what makes it stop?
Tom Toomey: Combination of things, this is Toomey. One, supply, we don't really feel threatened by supply at this point; the second would be a recession either focused on a national level or industry-specific that would reduce employment pictures. I don't see either of those on the horizon right at the point. People are very mobile, looking for a job and we're trying to hire people here in Denver, and it's becoming very challenging, both from a recruiting and a wage standpoint, which tells me we have one of the unique things that hasn't happened probably in 25 years, which is we have rapid wage inflation, which translates to rapid pricing power on rents.
Brad Heffern: Yes. Okay. Got it. And then, Joe, you talked about a little bit earlier in the call, but I just wanted to go through it again because I wasn't sure I had it. On bad debt, can you just talk about how that's improved and whether the numbers that you were saying before included the resident relief funds or if that's just day-to-day collections improving?
Joe Fisher: Yes. It's going to be a little bit of both, to be honest. You have the resident relief funds coming in, which helps with current collections as well as our historical collections, which I'll get into in a second. But you also have just individuals going back to work as we recycle and bring new residents in and get good residents in after others have either skipped or decided to depart us. It's a little bit of a blend of everything. It's hard to get too exact. I would say within the second quarter, I believe our government relief funds were approximately $6 million. And then quarter-to-date here in July, you're around $3 million. We did have a little bit back in the first quarter as well. I would highlight, if you just take a look at Page 3 of our press release, we do have a table in there that shows collections in the quarter than subsequent to. And there are two different methodologies within the sector of reporting collections, so just to highlight what our approach is. When a dollar comes in, we allocate that dollar over all former balances and the period in which that balance was billed. And so if a dollar comes in a day for someone that's 12 months past due, 25% of that is going to be in the current quarter, 75% will reapply to prior quarters. So when you look at the footnote below that table footnote one, you can see all our prior quarters continue to improve. If we had just simply taken the approach that some of the others do of dollar in the quarter equals recovery for the quarter and collection for the quarter, our numbers go up to about 98.5% collected at this point in time. So I just want to highlight that there are differences when you're comparing collection rates within the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Juan Sanabria: Good morning guys. Just hoping to talk a little bit more about the acquisitions. And if you could talk about the growing in yields versus what you're targeting on a stabilized basis [indiscernible] your platform for, I guess, the second quarter deals and what's pending? And are those yields of product of any sort of distress in the market, which I don't suspect? And if so, how long do you think that opportunity last for you, you could hit while there's some unique opportunities?
Harry Alcock: Sure, Juan. This is Harry. Yes, we expect to be able to continue to execute as we have in the past couple of years. And just to give a couple of numbers, we're around 4.5% in terms of our year one underwritten yield. But we expect that to grow more than 20% over the next couple of years into kind of a mid-5s by the third year. There certainly is no distress in the market. These are very competitive situations. And again, as we've talked about on the call and Joe has mentioned a lot, we're looking for individual deals, where, we believe, we can push the NOI above -- well above the growth of the market will provide us. And I can tell you, just as we look back at 2019, for example, over the last couple of years, back in 2019, we acquired eight properties for around $900 million. As we look at what happened, and Joe mentioned it earlier, we acquired those with a 4.75% going in yield. Today, that's grown by nearly 10% up to about 5.2%. So even through COVID by implementing these various value-creating mechanisms, we've been able to grow NOI and yields by nearly 10%
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then just a quick follow-up on the restrictions that have been put in place for sun-setting, how much of a headwind was that in the second quarter with regards to your reported financials? And what's assumed for the balance of the year? Is there a difference between kind of the high and the low end of your guidance range?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Juan, it was probably around $6 million to $8 million in the second quarter. When you look recognize in terms of revenue on the collection side relative to total build, you're a couple of percent short there. So there's kind of $6-plus million on the collection side as we move forward in the next year that we hope to. Obviously, we covered some of those sunsets and we get back to 99.9% collected as we have historically. In addition, you still have renewal caps, so call it, 15% of the portfolio. And you hear what Mike's talking about in terms of the strength of renewals and how those continue to move up. And so, we continue to see a benefit there. And then on the fee income, I also see that coming back pretty strongly. So you probably have $6 million to $8 million of run rate that should be a pickup as we move forward.
Mike Lacy: And just to add -- this is Mike. We do have about 400 people today still that we could go and evict them, we would. We're working on that. We're working with them to try to secure these funds. And obviously, that's an opportunity for us going forward as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities. Please go ahead.
Neil Malkin: I guess, maybe, Tom, for you, you can start. This quarter, last quarter, this morning, in particular, UDR, EQR and [Avalon] that's some of the biggest coastal have, really talked about paring down the coastal market, talking about being less desirable, regulatorily challenged and then going pretty decisively into Atlanta, Raleigh, Charlotte, you name it, Texas. And I just wondered because management teams don't come out and just say that kind of stuff. And we talked before and you said, look, you don't want to panic or move too hastily. But kind of seeing the very strong results from the Sunbelt and some very large peers making moves there, does that -- is that a reflection do you think on -- or how did that look to you guys? Do you -- are you changing your view there on the San Francisco and New York? Are you comfortable with your positioning? Or are you also have the same sort of view about some of the core gateway markets that appear in
Tom Toomey: Yes. Neil, I'm sorry, to be a little bit of liberty in talking about this subject. I guess the first thing is, I really don't comment on other company strategy or their execution. Why? Because I think our greatest value add is focusing on what we control and what we do. And so I won't address any of the comments with respect to what other people are saying or doing. With respect to our actions and strategies around portfolio composition, I really credited a great deal of this to Chris and Joe and the teams they have working with them on their data analytics, and seeing through windows where markets blip and not letting your bias create a reaction. And certainly, we continue to give input on the ground through our acquisitions and operations. But the discipline about using analytics to give us a better lens into the future, and you can look at it. Years ago, they identified Baltimore as a market that was coming back, and we went at it pretty hard, Florida, as well. And so we are tending to look at it as a guiding tool towards where we should tilt our investment activities. And then on the sourcing of capital, every portfolio has a handful of assets that you kind of say don't meet the grade, don't -- we've rung out the value, and we should sell those. So, we're going to stay disciplined using our model and our analytics and not let our individual bias or a moment in time or a press release drive our behavior pattern. And believe that, that really is what it's there for, is to smooth us out, give us a action with fax based, not emotions. And we want to keep our footprint broad, where we can apply all of our value creation mechanisms because markets will have disruptions and we want to be able to pivot to a footprint that we can always create value, no matter where we are in the cycle. And that's what you're seeing as a company. We -- Joe has coined the phrase, a full cycle investment. That's our goal. Grow cash flow through being a full cycle investment.
Neil Malkin: Yes. I appreciate that, Tom. The other one, you had zero reserves, I think, this quarter for the delinquency. And I guess I just want to be clear, is that because you're attributing that to the funds you're going to get from either California, paying everyone's debt and the federal subsidies related to the stimulus. That's number one. And then the second part is, you don't record that on GAAP, right? Like just because -- I mean, if you recorded as a delinquency before and then you get the money, that's just cash on the balance sheet, that doesn't run through the income statement again. Like in other words, you're not going to show like 102% collection or something like that and then have the benefit on the income statement. I just wanted to make sure I got that.
Joe Fisher: Yes. So just to make sure. So Neil, on the second one, no. So what we do is -- or maybe I'll start it the first, actually, why didn't it incrementally go up? You still have an $18 million AR balance or reserve against a $26 million AR balance. If you go back to first quarter, those are roughly the same numbers. So we've actually seen the AR balance level out here over the last quarter. So you don't have any additional delinquency from 1Q to 2Q. Therefore, you really don't have any additional reserve. There's a lot more detail and discipline behind it within the process and the assessment of each resident. But that's the high level is that no additional delinquency from end of first quarter to end of second quarter equaled no more incremental reserves, so 18 million on 26 or so. We're still about 70% reserved overall on the delinquent balances. When we do receive $1 it's really going to depend on what was reserved against that. So if we've already reserved 90% of that dollar, and we received that dollar, you basically reversed 90% of that reserve or all of the reserve and you get $0.90 of that dollar of benefit to revenue. So it really depends on if you've already reserved for that individual residents balance yet or not. If we hadn't put a balance up against it in terms of the reserve, then no, you wouldn't recognize that. You've already recognized it once.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just two questions here. One, Joe, on the fall, so it sounds like overall, you guys see great demand, you're going to push to either force vacancy or get people to market. The rents that are already there, so the people who have the free rents, the free rent was given upfront, right? These people are now paying a full freight so that when you're going for the renewal, they're already paying whatever the full freight rent is. And therefore, the increase is just based off of that. It's not based off of an effective rate, correct?
Joe Fisher: That is accurate. They were given upfront, and that was the strategy last year that Mike and team employed on a view that the market would rebound and we'd be able to move those residents back up to the gross market rent, and we're seeing that renewals are ticking up. The residents are staying and they are coming back and asking for their concession again. So we're seeing that in the renewal
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And the second question is, I was out in Seattle recently, meeting with the multifamily folks. And it sounded like Washington State, unlike California, does not have any program in place to help landlords recoup the money and that basically the landlords were on their own. So I just wanted to double check and see is that the way the -- is that accurate? And if so, how are you guys planning to deal with that?
Joe Fisher: Yes. No, that's -- it's inaccurate, unfortunately, but it's -- they actually do have a program in place. I'll say that themselves along with California and New York, just happened to be in terms of getting those programs off the ground, whereas states like Virginia, Massachusetts, a lot of the Sunbelt states, really were proactive at getting them set up quickly. So that could be, the disconnect, but they do have a program in place. We are applying through it and getting resident funds for that. In addition, they're one of only two states, I believe, at this point that have a program set up for former residents departed during the COVID period, so trying to help those that have gone on to elsewhere, but still have a balance with us. They've set up that program as well. I think it's -- Chris, correct me if I'm wrong, capped at $15,000 per resident at this point, whereas California does not have a cap on the program they just set up in the last week or two.
Chris Van Ens: Yes, just for the former. Yes.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, okay. Joe, listen, thank you for the clarification.
Joe Fisher: Thanks Alex.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney. Please go ahead.
Rob Stevenson: What markets are you seeing the most significant acceleration in operating fundamentals since June 1, last couple of months?
Mike Lacy: Rob, it's Mike. I would tell you that the greatest rate of change has actually been in places like San Francisco, New York and Seattle, just when you look at 1Q numbers from a blended basis to where we are today. But that being said, we're seeing pretty equal strength in places like Tampa, Richmond, Baltimore, where we're seeing double-digit market rent growth today. So frankly, we're seeing kind of across the board.
Rob Stevenson: Now is that because of the removal of the concessions? Is that what's turboing, juicing those markets in particular?
Mike Lacy: It is. Yes. So it's a different -- in the Sunbelt area, you're definitely seeing it on the market rent side. We didn't offer concessions last year. So that's pure growth that's building up our earn-in. But to your point, yes, the urban areas where we were offering big concessions, we're starting to see those come down. To Joe's point earlier, we're seeing the retention levels go up. And it's just a different way of getting there, but strength in both areas, if you will.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then last one for me, Joe. How much is your nonresidential revenue off today versus prior to the pandemic? How much has that recovered? And how much do you still have left to go? And how material is that overall?
Joe Fisher: Rob, it's Joe. So non-resi runs at about 2% of total NOI. So call it $4 million, so let's say it's a $16 million run rate right now. I think pre-COVID was probably around $18 million. So it's off $2 million. We have seen that coming back quite a bit in terms of LOI activity and demand for the space. So we feel pretty good about the trajectory on that side as well, as well as trying to get some of these tenants that were delinquent, trying to get them current again and back on their feet. So that piece of the business is actually moving along pretty good for us.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then how much is the growth today in fees on the resi side versus what you were seeing before? I mean, are you basically back to full fee levels and then continuing to grow that at something maybe not as much as the market rents, but something significant? Or are you basically still being a little cautious there?
Mike Lacy: What we're seeing is we're basically back to where we were in 2019. That being said, we should have been growing at least 3%. So we think there's still about $5 million in that line item. I am seeing strength in our short-term rental program as well as kind of those common areas where we're seeing levels back in that 2019 and even greater at this point, where I can tell you on the short-term furnished program alone, we're signing about 20 leases a week. I think we're around 200, 220 occupied today. And just as a comparison, that was around 120, 130, last year. So definitely seeing that business pop back quickly, and that's really happened over the last 30 to 45 days.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Kalmus with Zelman Associates. Please state your question.
Alex Kalmus: So looking at -- given the transaction market is extremely competitive and kudos for getting it a little early as you alluded to. What kind of cap rate compression have you seen from the quarter prior to today? And just referencing that you're specifically targeting communities approximating your current portfolio, what kind of cap rate advantage would you guys say you have versus the competition?
Harry Alcock: Alex, this is Harry. Well, I have to tell you, talking about cap rates and cap rate compression on these calls. But in any event, we all know cap rates have come down a lot, from the beginning of the year, perhaps 50 basis points, I'd say the last couple of months, perhaps as much as 25 basis points. I can tell you that as we look at future transactions and as we're in the market looking to source deals, you're correct that if we buy a property within a mile or so of another UDR property, that's probably 20 to 25 basis points just through operating synergies. We think we can add a similar amount in certain cases through redevelopment. We think other legacy operating initiatives, platform, et cetera, can add a little bit. So we have a lot of tools in our tool belt that allow us to achieve returns above what the market is going to provide. I'll tell you the other thing. We do have access to a number of markets. So we have a pretty big playing field to play in. If we look back in the $3 billion or so capital we've deployed over the last two years or so, we've actually deployed capital in 12 markets. So we're focused based on what the analytics are going to provide us. We do currently operate in 20 markets. We've been deploying capital over the last couple of years in 12 of those, and that does give us a pretty wide to look at transactions.
Joe Fisher: I think the one other piece, Alex, the team continues to look at when you look at the six transactions to date, either closed or under contract, half of those have actually had in place debt on them. So in terms of the ability to kind of thin out the bidding pool and find a little bit less competition, that has been helpful, having a balance sheet that can absorb the secured debt and take those assets on because we have improved unencumbered NOI within the balance sheet quite a bit in recent years. So being able to play in that space as well where a typical levered buyer wants to put their own leverage on potential floating, potential short duration, may shy away from those types of assets. So we've had a good amount of success on that front, too, to help out with the yields.
Alex Kalmus: Got it, makes sense. Thank you and one on operations. Given the strong demand and low turnover, you referenced earlier, the limited inventory in the market. I'm curious what the role of eviction moratoriums play as well, maybe not necessarily in your portfolio, but just broadly, how that constrains the supply today and what your expectations are for the future?
Mike Lacy: Yes. I'd go back to for our current portfolio, again, we have about 400 people that if we could evict today we would, it's less than 1%. So when you're sitting here at, call it, 97 to 97.2 on a 30-day trend, if that opened up and we're able to get access to those units, we're still in a very good position in terms of occupancy. So we're not necessarily worried about where we're at with the supply-demand curve on our front. And we do expect that when these open up other people will be bouncing around to. So, there will be more demand when that happens.
Joe Fisher: I think, too, as you look at that $400 million, some of those individuals are just non-communicative individuals that will not communicate with us, that have not signed a declaration of hardship from COVID that, in many cases, have the ability to pay those rents. So as you worry about them exiting our side of the equation and going back into the homeownership or household formation part of the equation, they have the ability to pay in many cases. They have simply taken advantage of the system. And so, they'll result in demand where they end up going. So, I don't think it's that they disappear from household formations, and it's a net decrease in demand in many cases.
Tom Toomey: Alex, this is Toomey because I can do this and get away with it. Those 400 people, the monthly rent number is about $1.5 million, $1.6 million a month. We're fully reserving that today. So, the challenge for us in the future, we'd like to get the unit back, re-price it to market and get that revenue stream back online. That being said, we will work with any other resident on their hardship and programs to take advantage of government aid or keep them in our apartment homes, but we are anxious to get those 400 units back online in terms of revenue.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey, for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Well, thank you. And I know the call ran over a little bit today, but I thought it was very productive. And I certainly appreciate your time and interest in UDR. As you've read and heard on this call today, we're very enthusiastic about our business today and certainly the future. While we're enjoying broad market strength, I think we're most excited about our company, its value-creation mechanisms, its portfolio and our culture to continue to find ways to create value as the economy and our interactions with our residents continue to grow. We look forward to continuing to execute and certainly delivering the cash flow growth that we provided in our guidance and find a way to even exceed that. Thanks. With that, appreciate your time today. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo. You may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements.  Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements.  When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to 1 plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today.  I will now turn over the call to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. On the call with me today are Mike Lacy, Senior Vice President of Operations; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results. Senior officers, Harry Alcock, Matt Cozad and Chris Van Ens, will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call.  To begin, first quarter results met our guidance expectations, and we anticipate same-store growth and FFOA per share will improve from here. As evidenced by our guidance increase and the demand trends, which we will speak to during the balance of our prepared remarks.  We are often asked the reason for optimism on the recovery of the multi-family sector and the magnitude of the potential upside UDR can capture. Our response is twofold. First, on the macro front, we expect to see the typical demand and growth cycle witnessed in the past recoveries. The U.S. economy appears prime to accelerate as additional fiscal stimulus kicks in.  Vaccination rates continue to improve and the return to office plans crystallize. Business conditions across most of our markets returning to more normalized levels. These factors should have a positive impact on job growth and wage growth, which drives demand for multifamily housing. It is difficult to put a range on the potential economic benefit from this unfolding, but recent operating trends put us in great position to realize this upside as we enter peak leasing season.  Second, this recovery will have an additional tailwind that no past recovery has had, the potential relaxation of regulatory restrictions. These COVID-related regulations cost UDR an estimated $8 million to $10 million of NOI during the first quarter alone. Mike will further detail this opportunity in his remarks. But we are optimistic in our ability to recapture the income as restriction sunset and the recovery ensues.  Collectively, our macro views the acceptance of our Next Generation Operating Platform by our residents and our ongoing ability to accretively source and deploy capital drove the full year 2021 guidance increases provided in our release. Joe will discuss this further in his remarks. Let me take a step back and look at our business over the intermediate time horizons of 2019, '20 and '21 and into the future.  I firmly believe we have the correct strategy in place to outperform. Our business model is somewhat unique in the multifamily space as we are widespread diversification, innovative culture and a focus on operations makes UDR a full cycle investment, capable of performing well across a variety of macro backdrops.  This proved true in 2019 when we accretively acquired nearly $2 billion of properties with attractively priced capital. In 2020 amid a pandemic, we made tremendous strides implementing our next-generation operating platform, which represents an entirely new way of conducting business in the multifamily industry, that has and should continue to drop more dollars to the bottom line.  For 2021, we believe we are well positioned to take advantage of the accelerating economic recovery and eventual relaxation of regulatory restrictions in many of our larger markets. All in, UDR has generated better-than-average FFOA per share growth in 7 of the last 9 years, a track record I'm immensely proud of.  In closing, I remain highly confident in the strategic direction of our company and our team's ability to execute on an opportunity set that's in front of us. The ongoing commitment of our team has delivered increasingly higher levels of service and satisfaction to our residents as we progress towards the full rollout of our platform while also making more efficient. For this, a heartfelt thank you goes out to all our associates for skillfully adapting to a new way of conducting business and executing our strategy.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Lacy: Thanks, Tom. A little over 60 days ago, when we provided initial 2021 guidance, we believed the reopening cadence of markets, and therefore, the pace of recovery in multifamily demand indicators that we track would be largely tied to how rapidly vaccinations proceeded and how quickly regulatory restrictions were subsequently relaxed. Our best guess was that meaningful positive inflection would most likely occur in the second quarter for our portfolio in total and the second or third quarters for assorted markets more negatively impacted by COVID.  While the regulatory backdrop has yet to exhibit material improvement, I'm pleased to say that we are seeing core operating trends improving a bit earlier than expected. This quarter, we added a new page to our supplement that illustrates these key operating trends.  Let me take you through our first quarter results and positioning ahead of peak leasing season, using those charts on Page 2 of our supplement.  First quarter results were solid, as evidenced by occupancy continuing to tick higher, blended effective lease rate growth turning positive and revenue growth improving sequentially. These trends have continued into April and give us confidence that results can further improve as we reprice 60% of our portfolio in the second and third quarters.  In terms of demand, traffic was 35% higher year-over-year during the first quarter. Positively, we witnessed residents migrate back to harder-hit urban areas in greater numbers. While residents leaving these markets declined. This has resulted in physical occupancy of 96.8% in April, our highest reading since April 2020. Higher occupancy is usually a precursor to future pricing power and our effective blended lease rate growth has improved following occupancy gains.  Strategically, we continue to improve occupancies in our harder-hit markets, but are also actively driving rents across numerous markets and communities that held up better during the pandemic.  Regarding blended lease rate growth, the transition from vacancy to occupancy in some harder-hit urban areas of coastal markets has had a near-term anchoring effect on our blended rate growth. However, I expect our blended growth to trend higher during the second and third quarters as market rents across our portfolio continue to rise.  As of today, we have a weighted average loss to lease of 2%, a significant improvement versus October 2020 when our gain-to-lease topped out at 6%. We have priced our May and June renewals at 100 to 150 basis point average premium to 2.7% growth we achieved in the first quarter. And we are forecasting effective new lease rate growth to turn positive portfolio-wide during the summer as markets reopen and return to office is full swing.  A material positive development we saw during the first quarter and in April thus far is the continued downward trend in concessions. As a reminder, our strategy through the endemic has been to maintain gross rents and offer concessions to not diminish our future rent roll in anticipation of a rebound. As demand has improved across our markets, so as pricing power, and we have been able to reduce the amount of concessions granted on new leases from a peak of 3.5 to 4 weeks on average in November 2020 to 2.7 weeks today.  Each week of concession equates to approximately 2% effective rate growth, and we should see this benefit more clearly in our results as we reprice a large portion of our portfolio over the next 2 quarters. These factors have contributed to higher sequential billed revenue, which we anticipate will improve further in the coming months. Importantly, cash collection rates rose by 50 basis points between February and March with further improvement in April as we benefited from reopenings, job growth, stimulus programs and $2.5 million in rental assistance received from a variety of programs.  We expect these trends to support revenue collection rates in the high 90% range going forward. Taken together, our same-store cash revenue growth turned positive on a sequential basis. Based on the most recent trends, I expect our year-over-year same-store revenue growth to be less negative in the second quarter and turn positive in the third quarter.  In addition to these core trends, our future same-store and earnings growth prospects are bolstered by the potential to recover lost income opportunities directly tied to the pandemic.  As Tom mentioned in his remarks, we estimate reduced collection levels and regulatory restrictions accounted for approximately $8 million to $10 million in lower NOI during the first quarter or $0.03 per share. Breaking this out further, despite recent sequential improvement, only rent collections have trended around 2% lower versus pre COVID, resulting in $6 million to $7 million in quarterly run rate bad debt reserves and write-offs.  Another $1.50 to $2 million can be attributed to the other regulatory restrictions that have limited our ability to monetize our real estate through initiatives such as short-term rentals, amenity rentals and late fees. The balance of lost potential income comes from mandated flat renewal pricing across 15% to 20% of our portfolio.  As markets continue to reopen and regulations are eased, we anticipate recapturing these revenue streams over time. While these big picture trends demonstrate our strong execution and the opportunity ahead, it's always helpful to provide some color at the market level.  Briefly, New York and San Francisco are collectively 14% of our same-store NOI. During the quarter, we observed higher levels of demand from favorable migration patterns into and out of these markets. This dynamic and its positive impact on market rents and concessions helped to drive occupancy higher and therefore, sequential revenue and NOI growth.  Washington, D.C. and Seattle are collectively 24% of our same-store NOI. These markets experienced relatively high levels of competitive new supply during the first quarter, which resulted in a near-term reduction of pricing power.  We anticipate sequential NOI growth improving in these 2 markets as concessions decrease over the coming quarters. Our Sun Belt markets are collectively 25% of same-store NOI. These markets continue to exhibit strength with occupancy above 97%, and we are actively increasing rents to maximize our rent roll.  Moving on, our Next Generation Operating Platform, version 1.0, has now been fully rolled out to 16 of our 21 markets. Our residents have embraced our move to a self-service model as evidenced by 96.5% of our tours conducted during the first quarter being self-guided or touchless. With the widespread introduction of automated self-touring and easy to use resident interfaces across our communities, we've remained on target to achieve headcount reductions, averaging 35% of our communities by year-end 2021, primarily through natural attrition.  When coupled with other platform initiatives that also mitigate controllable operating expense growth, we remain confident in our forecast that the platform can increase our annual run rate NOI by $15 million to $20 million by the end of 2022. Finally, I want to thank my colleagues in the field and at corporate for their continued hard work to make the platform a reality.  Every UDR associates should take pride that we have created a new way of doing business in the multifamily industry, that improves resident satisfaction, increases engagement and career mobility for top talent and deliver strong bottom line results. Although we have been working on the platform for 3 years, we are just scratching the surface of what is possible.  And now I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our first quarter results and our improved outlook for the full year 2021, a summary of recent transactions and capital markets activity and a balance sheet and liquidity update.  Our first quarter FFO is adjusted per share of $0.47 and at the midpoint of our previously provided guidance range and was supported by same-store revenue and NOI growth in line with our internal expectations. For the second quarter, our FFOA per share guidance range is $0.47 to $0.49. The $0.01 per share sequential increase is driven by our expectation for improving sequential same-store NOI growth, and accretion from recent capital allocation activities.  Our year-to-date results, when combined with our expectation for continued sequential improvement throughout the year, drove the increases in our full year 2021 FFOA and same-store guidance ranges provided with our release.  We now anticipate full year FFOA per share of $1.91 to $2, with the midpoint representing an approximate 1% increase from prior guidance. This increase is driven by $0.005 from a 25 basis point midpoint improvement in same-store revenue growth, $0.005 from a 50 basis point midpoint improvement in same-store expense growth and a $0.01 accretion from accretive financing activity and transactional activity, offset by $0.005 from increased G&A expense.  Our same store guidance, we are now forecasting full year 2021 revenue growth of negative 2.0% to positive 0.5% with concessions on a cash basis and negative 4.0% to negative 1.5% with concessions on a straight-line basis. This difference is due primarily to the residual impact of concessions amortizing during 2021 that were granted in 2020.  Additional guidance details including sources and uses expectations are available on Attachment 15 and 16E of our supplement. The low end of our full year 2021 FFOA guidance range suggests we achieved the midpoint of second quarter FFOA guidance of $0.48 per share and experienced flat sequential growth for the balance of the year.  As Mike discussed, we are encouraged by the trajectory of several forward-looking operating trends and believe we are well positioned to drive rate growth as we enter the peak leasing season. We are optimistic that these dynamics when combined with the accelerating economic recovery and eventual easing of regulations will provide a growth tailwind as we progress throughout the year. As such, we plan to revisit guidance on our second quarter call once we have further evidence of the sustainability of recent positive operating trends are deeper into the leasing season and have a clear view of the regulatory environment.  Next, a transactions update. A primary objective when we undertake transactions is to remain diversified by market mix, price point and location with end markets. While our portfolio-wide urban suburban and AB quality exposures will oscillate over time as we pursue higher return deals, the 21 markets we operate in provide ample flexibility to utilize our value creation drivers to enhance earnings and NAV growth.  We believe these tools allow us to pivot to the right capital allocation decision and consistently generate outsized yield expansion over time on investments, which provides a repeatable, enduring and compounding set of advantage versus private operators and public peers. These drivers include: one, our ability to improve core operations. Examples include implementing revenue management software, charging view or location premiums and using our scale in markets to secure lower vendor cost.  Number two, implementing legacy operating initiatives such as parking optimization, short-term furnished rental programs and renting out common areas. Number three, overlaying our Next Generation Operating Platform, which reduces headcount needs, improves resident experience, adds smart home capabilities and brings data science into the mix. Number four, renovating apartments in common areas as well as increasing curb appeal where appropriate.  And number five, utilizing predictive analytics and qualitative assessments to provide a better jumping off point for our investments in markets that are likely to produce better rent growth over the coming years. We have found that the greatest opportunities for outsized accretion come from acquired communities that are mismanaged, located proximate to other UDR communities, those with renovation upside, or a combination of the 3. Pairing this with premium-priced equity, like what we did in 2019 and during the first quarter of 2021 only serves to further enhance returns.  This form of value creation is repeatable in any environment, given our ability to pivot sources of capital between dispositions, free cash flow and equity. Proof of the accretive nature of our transactional value creation strategy is evident on the $1 billion of third-party acquisitions completed in 2019. Thus far, the weighted average yield on these properties has expanded by approximately 35 basis points or 7% in terms of NOI growth to a 5.1% yield. This is a stunning result.  Let me say again, this is a stunning result given this upside was realized during COVID, a period during which NOI generally declined.  On the first quarter transaction activity, during the quarter, we sold 2 communities, 1 each in Orange County and Los Angeles, for total proceeds of approximately $187 million at share at a low 4% weighted average cap rate. We acquired or are under contract to acquire 3 communities, 1 in suburban Boston and 2 in suburban Dallas for a combined $360 million. All 3 communities are expected to generate outsized returns once fully integrated under our platform, with the weighted average initial yield projected to increase from mid-4% in year 1 to mid-5% by year 3.  This equates to an approximate 20% uplift in NOI. And lastly, we committed to fund 2 DCP investments totaling $50 million. Each investment yields 9% and includes profit participation upon a liquidity event, which we expect to occur in approximately 5 years. Please refer to yesterday's release for additional details on recent transactions.  Moving on, our investment-grade balance sheet remains liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs. Some highlights include: first, during the quarter, we entered into forward sales agreements for approximately 9.3 million shares of common stock for a combined $405 million of future expected proceeds. We anticipate using these funds on accretive acquisition, DCP and development opportunities, some of which we have completed and others we expect to close in the coming quarters. We plan to overequitize these investments, which should improve our leverage as measured by debt to EBITDAre by 0.1 to 0.2x.  Second, after using the proceeds from our $300 million, 2.14% unsecured bond issuance in the first quarter to redeem higher cost, 4% debt originally scheduled to mature in 2025, we have only $640 million of consolidated debt or approximately 3% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2025 after excluding amounts on our credit facilities. Our proactive balance sheet management puts us in a position of relative strength with the best 3-year liquidity outlook in the sector and a weighted average interest rate of 2.8%, the lowest amongst the multifamily peer group.  Third, we recently announced a 1% increase to our dividend. Based on our 2021 AFFO per share midpoint of approximately $1.78 per share, our dividend payout ratio is forecasted to be 82%. Resulting in approximately $100 million of annualized free cash flow after accounting for dividend payments.  And last, as is evident on attachment 4C of our supplement, we continue to have substantial capacity under our line of credit and unsecured bond covenants. As of quarter end, our consolidated financial leverage was 35% on undepreciated book value, and 28% on enterprise value, inclusive of joint ventures.  Net debt-to-EBITDAre was 7.0x on a consolidated basis, but would be 6.5x if outstanding forward equity agreements were settled during the quarter. As of March 31, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity net of our commercial paper balance and including the future expected proceeds from the potential settlement of our forward sale agreements was $1.35 billion.  Taken together, our balance sheet remains healthy, our liquidity position is strong, our forward sources and uses remain balanced, and we continue to utilize a variety of capital allocation options to create value.  Finally, subsequent to quarter end, SmartRent, which is 1 of the investments held by RETV 1 and 2, of which we are 1 of the lead investors, entered into a definitive merger agreement with a special purpose acquisition company. Confirmation of the merger is subject to regulatory approval, stockholder approval and other customary conditions.  As many of you know, UDR was an early adopter of SmartRent, SmartHome technology across our portfolio, as part of the foundation for our Next Generation Operating Platform. We are pleased to see the rest of the industry following our lead in its utilization and the benefits SmartRent has provided to our investors through tangible bottom line results to our operations, and yet to be realized appreciation within our RET investments.  At this time, there are still many conditions to be satisfied, including those mentioned moments ago, before the merger is closed and SmartRent becomes a public company. Related to implications to UDR, the approximate $25 million valuation of our RETV interest presented on 12A of our supplement will continue to be presented in accordance with GAAP. Utilizing fair market value accounting and the valuations provided to us by RETV. Based on information provided to us by RETV, the valuation presented on 12A of our supplemental could increase to approximately $75 million on a pretax basis at a publicly disclosed transaction price, but depends on a number of factors.  We do not intend to provide any additional commentary on this topic until it is appropriate.  With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: I was hoping you could compare the recovery you've seen thus far in San Francisco versus New York? And then your expectations from both markets over the next few quarters?
Michael Lacy: Nick, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. It's been interesting. I'll tell you, just in general, New York, San Francisco, Boston, those markets have performed a little bit better than we expected to start the year. And when you look at New York specifically, we've been able to bring our occupancy from at around, I want to say, 94.5% during the quarter, around 96.5% today.  And it's been promising to see the concessions continuously drop. And really the last few weeks, I would say, in general, we've seen a remarkable improvement. So just to break it down a little bit, New York, average concession still 0 to 8 weeks, and it's very different by different parts of the city. We're seeing 2 to 4 weeks in Chelsea. And then we're right around 6 weeks down in the financial district as well as Midtown.  We're still upwards of around 6 to 8 weeks around Columbus Square. But overall, occupancy today is hovering around 96.5%, and we expect to see our blends continue to improve. San Francisco, specifically, that's been a little slower to recover. We're starting to see some of that availability transition to occupancy as evident by our new lease growth, down around 11% to 12%. But we're excited to see the occupancy go from 92.8% in 1Q to 94.5% today, and again, concessions in this market have also come down in the last couple of weeks. We're averaging between 4 to 6 weeks as a whole.  But i would tell you, Downtown as well as SoMa is closer to that 4 to 6 weeks today, which is a significant improvement compared to just 45 days ago.
Nick Joseph: And from the new move-ins, like you have seen and that picking up of demand, are there any kind of interesting trends that you're seeing in terms of who's actually moving back in apartments?
Michael Lacy: Yes. We do have some interesting trends. For New York specifically, move-ins coming out from outside of the MSA. We saw about 25% number there, and that compares to about 10% the year before. And I'll tell you something that jumps out to me is our 25 to 30-year-old age group in that market is twice as likely to live alone now. We've seen stats go from 14% to 27% in that market. And then San Francisco, not as big of a difference. We're seeing 20% come from outside of the MSA. It's pretty comparable to what we saw last year. And the age demographics haven't changed as much in that market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc.
Austin Wurschmidt: So Joe, appreciate all the details you gave on guidance. But just wanted to check and see if the math here was right that if we look at the billed revenue figure you had in April, around $95.5 million and sort of apply a collection rate, as you mentioned, the high 90% range and assuming that remains stable, does that get you pretty close to the midpoint of the revised range for same-store revenue guidance?
Joseph Fisher: Now. The way it kind of works, and it actually tracks at pretty similar trajectory as our FFOA guidance. If 2Q, if you take the midpoint of expectations, both for FFOA and then our internal expectation for build revenue in same stores, which we do expect to see a sequential improvement on both same-store revenue and NOI as we move into 2Q. If you flatline those for the rest of the year, you get to the low end of expectations. So that effectively assumes that the reopenings pause. There is no further improvement or pricing power. And all the trends that we've seen that we're talking about on the second page of the supplemental effectively cease to exist.  So I think a somewhat conservative assumption there, but probably prudent given where we're at in terms of timing of the year with 70-plus percent of the leases left to be signed. The economic recovery is still ongoing. And of course, the regulatory environment. To go to the midpoint, you need to see that continued improvement as we move throughout the year be it occupancy, pricing power, getting the collections number up and bringing back some of those other income numbers.  So you do -- you didn't just see a continued improvement from 2Q into 3Q and 4Q to get to the midpoint or high end of those guidance ranges.
Austin Wurschmidt: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. Appreciate it. And kind of coincides with some of the commentary you guys had in the prepared remarks. Secondly, just on traffic and demand. You provided some good detail in there on how traffic and visits have trended. Curious how conversions rates compare versus historic levels really, what's driving that big leg up? What markets are really driving that leg up in traffic and visits. And then are people -- is that really for people that are looking for units, call it, April, May time frame? Or are you seeing people kind of start to look further out as some of these back-to-office states firm up?
Michael Lacy: Great question, Austin. I'll take that. I would say it's very market specific, probably 1 of the best trends I've seen over the last few weeks is, in some markets, I have a 30-day trend that's higher than my current occupancy. So that tells me that there's some people that are looking to move sooner rather than later. And when you have that type of trend, you can really start pushing on your market rent.  So that is places like the Sun Belt for us. It's Richmond, Baltimore. Just phenomenal results over the last few weeks. But specific to traffic, when you look at that chart that we provided on Page 2 in the sup, New York, San Francisco, Boston, our traffic was up about 120% on a year-over-year basis, most recently, and that compares to the rest of the portfolio, around 90%. And then as it relates to converting, we've been seeing as a percent of our home count, 1.6% lease conversion, which, typically, in a normal time, when I compare back to, say, a time like 2019, it's closer to 1% at this period of time. So I'm seeing leasing that's more typical of end of May, early June time frame.
Thomas Toomey: And Mike, this is Toomey. Maybe a follow-up. How much of that does the platform enable to deal with 1 more traffic than cost us anymore and to are people more likely to lease with the platform versus our prior stabilized period with leasing agents.
Michael Lacy: Yes. That's a good point, Tom. Obviously, we've opened up the fund, right? We've talked about this in the past. By allowing more people to come to the property, we can send out sometimes upwards of 5, 6, 7 people at a time, first want to go see different units on the property. So obviously, that's had a pretty big impact on our traffic.  You can see it in the numbers. I would say it's increased a twofold in a lot of markets. So that's probably 1 of the bigger factors going forward on how we're able to just kind of continue to drive that traffic number and convert at a high rate.
Austin Wurschmidt: That's great detail. And I appreciate the follow-up to the follow-up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector: First question, I'd like to turn to supply. Can you provide some comments on supply nationally this year? And any initial thoughts on '22 and if possible, if there's any key watch markets or even regions, Sun Belt versus, let's say, Coast.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Jeff, it's Joe. Starting with '21 MSAs in terms of UDR's portfolio, we think we're probably going to be up about 10% to 20% in terms of supply growth this year.  That equates to roughly 1.5% of stock. That number has come down plus or minus 10% from what we would have been talking about a quarter ago as we have seen continued revisions and delays taking place in some of the Coast. So the picture is getting a little bit better there in that sense. Submarket wise for us in terms of competitive supply.  Overall, for our portfolio, is looking like it's going to be flat to down actually. So competition wise, looking a little bit better than the MSA as a whole. I'd say the markets that probably look best for us in '21 Boston, Orange County, Baltimore and inland Empire. Those that look a little bit more difficult, Northern California, L.A., New York, Nashville, Orlando and Seattle.  If you start to fast forward into '22, '23, I think all of us have been a little bit frustrated by the stubbornly high number of permits and starts. So we probably don't have quite the tailwind that you've seen in historical recoveries coming from the choking off of capital and supply as we get into those years.  Relative to starts and permits are down plus or minus 10% off of peak levels. I think, regionally, as you look through. Clearly, the coastal markets have come down more, while Sunbelt has remained relatively static. And that's a trend that you see even when you cross over to the single-family housing market as you start to think about total housing supply that's out there.  So markets that are kind of best and worse that we're keeping our eye on. The markets that look to be a little bit more troublesome. Markets like Raleigh, Phoenix, Charlotte, Austin, Denver, Nashville. So a lot of the Sun Belt markets. On the Coast, I'd say the ones that look a little bit better, Boston, New York, L.A., San Fran, and then even within the Sun Belt, Dallas looks a little bit better. Orlando looks a little bit better. And then the ID looks a little bit better. So generally speaking, high level, though, Sun Belt just not seeing the same reprieve in supply on a forward basis.
Jeffrey Spector: That's Joe, that's very helpful. And then my second question, Joe, on your -- some of your opening remarks. Really appreciate some of the color and the details you provided on the value UDR has created and the growth on assets you've acquired, especially as you mentioned during the pandemic the NOI increase. What limits UDR from doing more, more acquisition? Is it capital, competition, resources? Have you considered to do an open-end fund business something similar to Prologis to really grow that business, like to get back into that?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. The biggest inhibitor for us in terms of external growth is probably going to be the opportunity set available to us. When we go through that list of value creation mechanisms that are available, be it the ops, the initiatives, the platform, the CapEx programs, it's not as if every deal that cross Harry and Andrew's Desk presents that opportunity. So the ability to fare it through a wide swath of opportunities across the markets that we're targeting, have them figure out the submarkets that we want to be in and then put together the business plan around those assets so that ops can go operate those assets and execute upon it and get the upside kind of from that 4.5% cap to 5.5% cap over time. Those are not a dime a dozen.  So I think the opportunity set is probably the biggest inhibitor to go out there and continue to take advantage of the competitive advantage that we have in place. The sourcing the capital, we always have assets that we can turn around and sell that we think may be maximized from any 1 of those perspectives. So we can always go find assets to sell and recycle into additional accretive opportunities.  But I think the external piece, limited by that. As it relates to the second part, the fund business. We do have a great JV partner in Metlife that we continue to be partners with and very much enjoy operating with. So we don't have any plans to change from that perspective. But fund wise, it's not an avenue that we have explored, keeping the value creation in-house and having it fully accrue to our shareholders is generally beneficial. And complicating the business, generally not something that we've tried to look to do. So something they have the [indiscernible] and discuss with the Board, but no plans at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Richard Hill: I want to maybe pick your brain about squaring same-store revenue compared to some of the operating metrics that you're comparing, notably the blended spreads. I think blended spreads have remained really solid and stable over the past several quarters. But same-store revenue growth has remained much more negative.  And if I'm looking at CoStar data, it looks like new lease spreads troughed or effective rent growth, should I say, troughed at a similar level to peers, but you've had a steeper recovery. So I guess I'm just -- it's a long way of asking, with renewal spreads with where they are, where occupancy trends are going and take advantage -- or taking into account the bad debt why shouldn't we expect to see same-store revenue growth even better than where it is right now?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Thanks, Rich. It's Joe. Maybe I'll kick it off and turn it to Mike for some details. I think in terms of expectation of revenue growth, clearly, we do expect to see, given the fundamentals that we've displayed on Page 2 of the supplemental, we do expect to see an acceleration in our year-over-year performance as we move throughout the year. 2Q likely remains in the negative territory, but we do believe we flip over, maybe even early as June on a year-over-year basis, but definitely in the third quarter, given the trends that we're seeing. So we do think all the efforts that we put forth on operations will start to show through on that year-over-year number pretty soon here.  As it relates to -- I think your comment specifically starts to come into a little bit on Page 4 of the press release in terms of the blends that we show at plus or minus down 50 bps throughout -- the most of the cycle versus within the Page 4 table, the year-over-year contribution to growth, that minus 2.6% for gross rents. I'll spend some time on that as I think concessions, occupancy loss, bad debt reserves are probably a little bit more self-explanatory.  But the walk from how you get the blends to that down to 2.6. Keep in mind that blends are lease to lease. So you have to have a new lease in place to actually capture that metric. So the 50 basis points down really explains only about 20% of that down 2.6 . What you're not seeing here is that we do have a lot of units that were occupied in 1Q of '20 that were higher rents in the urban coastal markets that are sitting vacant today. And so that is not captured in the blends.  When they do get leased up, they will start to show up in blends. So if you have 400, 500, 600 units out there in some of our major coastal markets that are at much higher rents that are sitting vacant that revenue stream has been lost, and that really explains the other 80% of that down 2.6 . Over time, obviously, as you start to lease those units, it's going to be a positive to build revenue, positive to occupancy, positive same stores.  But could potentially weigh as you put new leases in place in some of those more distressed markets at lower rents. It could weigh on new lease pricing depending on where they're going. But I think you heard from Mike in the opening comments there, the trajectory on those markets clearly head in the right direction, retaining pricing power, driving concessions down. So we hope to not see that negatively impact blends, but do think it's a positive for year-over-year as we move forward.
Richard Hill: Got it. And I guess I have just a follow-up question. And you're fair to call me an idiot. It wouldn't be the first time I've been called an idiot today and certainly not the first time in my career. But why wouldn't that be included in economic occupancy. And happy to take it offline if it's too long, you have a question, but just trying to square it with our sort of horseshoes and hand grenades math. It's okay, you can call me an idiot.
Joseph Fisher: Close enough, it's okay, Rich. We can take it offline and then walk through the definitions in a little bit more detail in terms of how we allocate the different dollars between physical and economic. So why don't we take it offline? We'll take it through there. And then if others have questions as well, we can go into kind of the details on the [indiscernible] on it.
Richard Hill: Got it. Fair. So one more question, as we just think about looking forward. You're obviously pushing rents at a really nice pace at this point. It looks like the recovery is clearly in. We can debate how good same-store revenue is going to be in the second half of '21 into early '22.  But I guess the question I have for you guys is, as you start looking beyond the next 12 months, what's to stop you from pushing rents even more? And what I mean by that is, there seems to be a lot of demand coming from millennials and Zs. Maybe supply pressures begin to abate a little bit. But is there a scenario where full occupancy actually allows you to push rent, maybe even higher than where you were in 2019 or beyond that.  So I guess, I'm ultimately asking a question about longer term, can you outpace inflation? And it seems like given the backdrop, maybe that's a reasonable scenario?
Michael Lacy: Yes, Rich, this is Mike. I'll take that. I think just generally speaking, again, we are pushing rents, and we like to push it until it breaks, if you will. In some markets, we're able to push a little bit higher. Others, it's a struggle. And it's -- it comes down to what's happening within these markets. So I think a good example for us today is a place like Orlando, we compete with a lot of private operators and we can push so hard. But at some point, they start doing something with concessions or lowering their market rents. It puts pressure on us. So we managed to, call it, that 30-day to even an 8-week trend. And as long as our occupancy is stable, we're going to keep pushing. And then it comes down to the regulatory environment, just in terms of what we actually can charge.  In some places, we -- and specifically, renewals, we're still 20% of them, we can't charge anything. So we're limited by that. We're watching that very closely, and as soon as that opens up, that's going to give us a bit of a lift off.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC.
Rich Anderson: Good so first question for me is sort of what was just alluded to about the private competition. Part of the problem with the multifamily business is you have 80%, 90% of the ownership in private hands and a lot of that is maybe not so sophisticated, particularly relative to your Next Gen platform. And I'm wondering if this environment besides them kind of acting inefficiently and screwing up the math for you guys with concessions and whatnot, have people thrown in the towel and gotten out of the business to some degree.  We're seeing that in New York. A lot of the condo sales that we're hearing about are actually former investment properties by mom-and-pop owners that have just decided not to rent apartments anymore. Are you seeing a silver lining from COVID potentially that you get a little bit more sophistication in your competitive set?
Thomas Toomey: Rich, this is Toomey. I would say this, there's always going to be inefficient operators in the marketplace as long as it's a fragmented industry. And certainly, you could see from our purchasing over the last couple of years, we're very adept at finding that opportunity and executing on it. With respect to seeing operators in the marketplace pull product off, well, let's hope they do so. It gives Mike an operating tailwind that he can take advantage of, and we'll see where that plays out. I think the bigger question on most investors' minds that own today is what are interest rates going to look like? And what is the new tax law going to look like.  And I think we're going to find that out over the next 6 months. And both of those may, if they break a certain way, free up a lot of assets for purchase. Has typically been the pattern. Cap gains going up level they're talking about would be one thing. The 1031 potential elimination would be another. Those probably push a lot of assets from the old pattern to the sale pattern or exploratory the pricing. And you couple that with potential interest rate increases or proceeds constraints, it pushes more assets into the middle of the table.  So I think we're well positioned to take advantage of that, should it unfold. And I think we'll have our answer in the next 6, 9 months.
Rich Anderson: Okay. Good. And then somewhat unrelated question, but a bit related, I guess, talking about multifamily. So I guess, Joe, you went through the discussions about investing in acquisitions and cap rate returns and all that. But what value do you guys placed on the kind of the snapback of performance in various markets over the next couple of years, which we all expect to see, which may be in a natural level of growth as we kind of recoup lost ground? Or are you looking past that when you're underwriting deals and not posing as much value on that kind of short-term phenomenon really thinking 10 years out?
Joseph Fisher: We're really trying to look more in that 4 to 10-year time frame when we're thinking about these assets. Clearly, you've seen depressed NOIs coming in some of the more harder-hit markets. But if NOI was down 10% or 20% in New York and San Francisco, we never saw asset values adjust to that degree. So you're not seeing a 1:1 adjustment NOI and asset value. So it's not as if you can take advantage of the upcoming NOI stream by buying that depressed pricing.  So while we do fully expect that you'll see that short-term phenomenon of coming off a low base. You see the momentum in our press release for some of those more harder-hit markets on a sequential basis. We believe it's coming. We're seeing it's coming, but we're not necessarily factoring into how we think about our diversified portfolio. We're trying to think more in that 4 to 10-year time frame. And you can kind of see the incremental deployment and sourcing that we've done based on our portfolio strategy work here in the recent quarters.  So buying some more in Boston and D.C., Philly, Dallas, Tampa, et cetera. And then sourcing a little bit in Southern California as well. So a little bit of changes on the margin, but it's very much on the margin. It's not going to be a big shift given that we're already starting with a pretty strong position with a diversified portfolio.
Rich Anderson: Does the snapback almost cause a distraction, make it harder to underwrite and see through to that 4 to 10-year time frame? Does it muddy the vetting process is my question?
Harry Alcock: Rich, this is Harry. I think I'll jump in. I mean I think what we focus in, we realize we're going to get market rent growth, and that's going to vary, and it should be priced in the assets. But the assets that we're buying, we're sourcing properties where we believe we can push NOI above market rent growth. And the market rent growth, the theory is priced, it might be -- there might be some inefficiencies, but primarily, we're focusing where we can do something with the asset, either with the platform, we buy a property near other UDR properties through some capital programs so that we generate outsized NOI growth over and above the market and therefore, outsized returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore.
Richard Hightower: I don't know if I'm the third or the fourth Rich in a row. So I don't want to confuse anybody. So one quick housekeeping one. I apologize if I missed this earlier, but tell us what's driving the 50 basis point midpoint reduction in expense growth this year, if you don't mind?
Michael Lacy: Rich, it's Mike. I'll tell you, it's 2 things. So we're actually seeing benefit both on our controllables and our noncontrollables right now. And a lot of that I would attribute to the platform on the controllable side. For example, our expense growth in the first quarter was around 2%. A lot of it had to do with what was going on with the snowstorms down in Texas as well as in Richmond, Baltimore. If it wasn't for that, our controllable expenses would have been closer to flat.  So we're seeing pretty good trends as we move into 2Q and 3Q, just as it relates to personnel reductions and things of that nature. And then on the noncontrollable side, our taxes have been coming in better. And Joe can elaborate that on more but it's both components for us today.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Overall, on the real estate tax side, Rich, we came in at 2.7% in the quarter, if you look at attachment 6 within the sup. For the full year, we think the number is probably around 4% growth. That's down about 100 basis points from our original budget, really driven by some of the valuations coming in better. And then some of the appeals work that we've had.  So in California, we've had a number of appeals and valuation wins. We've had some others throughout the portfolio as well. But still some risk out there as it relates to Florida and Tennessee and Texas as well as Boston and New York in the back half of the year. But we feel a lot better. We've kind of derisked that piece of the equation and feel better about where we're growing at that point.
Richard Hightower: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Mike, maybe just a follow-up on some of the platform-related improvements. You mentioned, I think, in the prepared comments, that you -- as a company, you're just scratching the surface of what's possible. I'm curious if you care to expand on that at this time.
Michael Lacy: Yes, Rich, we've talked a little bit more in the past, we're really starting to get into some of the data science. And I gave a very brief answer on kind of what we're seeing with demographics. I can tell you, we have a lot of information that's going into the system, with all of our data sets.  And we're sorry to really, again, just scratch the surface on what we can tap into, and it's pretty exciting just to get an idea of what opportunities are out there. We're starting to putting [indiscernible] on them, if you will, understand kind of how much return is there, how much time it's going to take, but we've got over the next couple of years, some leeway here, and we'll continue to push on it.  But we've been very excited about Platform 1.0. I did mention in my prepared remarks, we've transitioned 16 of the 21 markets. We're getting close to 30% reduction in headcount at this point. Our heat maps are up and running. We're starting to see that play through in our blended rate growth. Our residents and our prospects like what we're doing, evident by the NPS scores continue to increase. And at this point, we've rolled out 43,000 SmartHomes. So we're getting close to finishing that up, too.
Thomas Toomey: Rich, this is Toomey. Just to add on to Mike and because I can get in trouble and he can't on these things. In a self-service model, which is really the core of the platform, you'll find opportunities in the following areas and immediately is the cost structure of the organization. But beyond that is the customer satisfaction potential and understanding in more depth, and we've hired a group to help us work through understanding the sales cycles and our opportunity set and where we fail to date. And so in today's leasing online or in a touch list, we actually touch the customer 7 times. The truth is we probably don't need to touch them that much, but we're trying to figure out which points of that touch cycle in a sales cycle actually lead to a successful sale, as an example.  Second, Mike's demographics. You've seen our power of our pricing by home because we're tracking 10 years of data and can figure out what the right renewal strategy should be for each individual and not a holistic mail out an offer and see what they think. But actually customizing it to their situation and their patterns.  So those are just 2 real simple examples. I think others in a self-service model go into the speed and ability to interact you won't want to sit at a kiosk, get an airline industry and wait for 10 minutes for service, you want it to be 3 clicks and done. As we learn more and more about those things, we're obviously focused on the margin customer service angle of it. We think there's plenty of room to run down this because a lot of other industries are way ahead of us. And fortunately, I think we're in the lead on the multifamily space about thinking about it, executing on it, and we want to maintain that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities.
Neil Malkin: First 1 is on, I guess, capital allocation this quarter and then subsequent, a lot of activity in the Sun Belt, specifically Dallas and the suburbs of Dallas. Obviously, you sold some California products. So being that you guys have excellent technology and data science, and you look at analytics in various ways.  What does that say about how you think these markets are going to shake out and how demand trends are going to shake out over medium to longer-term period. Because before you said you don't want to make any big moves or big decisions, you want to see how the dust settles, so to speak.  And so Tom or Joe, are you guys any closer to making that sort of move or decision? And what is the investments you made recently kind of say?
Joseph Fisher: I think the recent capital markets activity effectively demonstrates how we're thinking about the portfolio on the margin. We've talked about the principle by which we operate, which is maintain diversification. So we think that's worked in the most recent down cycle. it will work in the up cycle as it has historically, it provides a good jumping off point for us and our investors to deploy capital and create value over time, which you've seen us continuously outperform on cash flow growth for the last -- almost decade now.  So I want to maintain that as it relates to Dallas, Dallas ranks, I'll say, middle of the pack in our quantitative models, but it ranks very well on the qualitative side, be that the affordability, the corporate headquarters, corporate reloads, the new hires, in terms [indiscernible] that they're attracting and the demographic growth that they're seeing.  So we do have a pretty high degree of positives on a market level related to Dallas. And it comes down to the opportunity within those markets in terms of making sure that it checks all those different value creation boxes. So it's a little bit of how we're thinking about it. But again, it's going to be very much on the margin. Overall, though, I think all these markets have the ability to do well going forward. It's not as if we're in Southern California, Northern California, New York, et cetera cannot perform on a go-forward basis. We think they have a near term, a very strong rebound coming as demand comes back and hopefully, as regulatory restrictions come off.  Longer term, they'll remain hubs in their respective industries. It's just that they're not going to get the monopolistic share of jobs and incomes that they've had historically. So and stood about performing 70%, 80% of the time on a rolling 10-year basis. Maybe they're more in line with some of these other markets that are becoming more of a hub or more of a ecosystem. Some of these future drivers of economic growth and job growth.
Neil Malkin: Yes, I appreciate that. And that's a really good way to look at it and this is my view as well. Turning to maybe DCP/development. I think it's well understood that material pricing has gone up quite a bit on the lumber side, especially. Just wondering if you are seeing the pipeline or potential get harder, I guess, decrease a little bit and how do you -- how does that -- the sort of rising price environment affect your on balance sheet development decisions?
Harry Alcock: Neil, it's Harry. I'll start, and then Joe may jump in. On the DCP side, the number of opportunities remains elevated. And there's a ton of developers that are looking to capitalize their projects. Capital overall is more difficult for the developers. And we've talked about this before. Debt proceeds are lower, LP capital is more difficult, all of which increased the demand for DCP. However, it is taking a long time to work through these projects as developers work on their capital stack and the overall economics.  And I think maybe it's worth just touching a little bit on lumber and other material costs. I mean, lumber, obviously, we're in the midst of what we hope and expect as a bubble in terms of lumber pricing. But lumber overall is only about 3% of total development cost on a normal wood frame project.  So even if lumber doubles, you're talking about a $100 million project goes to $103 million, it's 15 or 20 basis points and that's obviously an extreme outcome. Other material costs also are increasing, as you mentioned. And as we think about materials, we think that typically is, call it, 15% to 20% of total development cost. So again, even if materials increase 10% or 15%. That's 2% to 3% increase in total development cost. So it's meaningful. But it's not -- it doesn't necessarily kill these deals. And if you think about it, that's maybe $50 to $75 a month rent increase, which in a recovery market, often we can overcome it.  We continue to see material shortages, that type of thing. So we are operating in a difficult environment. But I can tell you, as we look at on balance sheet development projects, we don't change our long-term strategy as a result of short-term cost bubbles. We believe we can create value through our development capabilities. And if lumber and other material costs were to stay high, we would just consider that in the context of our overall economic analysis before we start a project.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Sweitzer with Robert W. Baird.
Amanda Sweitzer: Following on development. Your development guidance did go down a bit this year. Is that just less optimism about your ability to add new projects to the pipeline beyond Tampa? Or are you seeing other more interesting opportunities within DCP and acquisitions?
Joseph Fisher: Amanda, it's Joe. Yes, when we originally put that guidance range together, we put a fairly wide range out there. At the lower end, even up to the midpoint effectively encapsulates all the known spend. So when you look at attachment 9 at $500 million. it encapsulates that spend. And then we have a number of shadow projects, if you will, that are sitting out there and that we may potentially start. But it really depends on the third quarter, fourth quarter, even into the first half of next year. So we do have a land site that we're working on in Tampa that we hope to get on the balance sheet and hopefully start within the next 12 months.  There's the densification opportunity we've talked out at Newport Village in suburban DC we've talked about, which is about $140 million project. There's the Alameda parcel that we took on the balance sheet in Northern California here subsequent to quarter end. So we have a number of other projects that we're just working on timing and hopefully get started, but brought down the top end of the range slightly.
Amanda Sweitzer: That's helpful. And then following up on that, I hear you on rising construction costs not impacting overall development cost that much. But where have you seen development yields trend this year either pre-COVID to today? And how does that stack up with what you're seeing in other opportunities?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Maybe two things on that. On Attachment 9, that current pipeline, just in terms of costs being locked in, we've already bought out all the lumber that we need for the next 18 months for these projects. So we do not have the risk associated with these. So in terms of cost estimates, cost overrun risk, we see that as de minimis for the existing pipeline.  So the bubble in lumber prices that we see today, it really factors into the forward underwriting and future starts, which, as I mentioned, we probably not start another project for another 2, 3 or 4 quarters here at this point. As it relates to the yields that we're underwriting, we have not adjusted from what we've talked about historically, which is in high 5s, low 6s type of stabilized yield. Most of the projects that we look at are somewhere in the 5.5 range on an untrended basis. And when we say untrended, we're talking about current market rents as we look at the current NOI stream off of that asset relative to a trended cost.  So we look at the forward cost at which point in time, we would start and deliver that asset. So the untrendeds we look at are 5.5%. Over time, of course, we expect rents to grow and catch up to that cost and grow to a 6% stabilized.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Markets.
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping you guys could give a little bit more color on the renewals and the impact on regulation. You said that there's 20% of the portfolio, you couldn't push. But do you have an estimate as to what that would have been, had you had the flexibility to drive those renewal prices?
Michael Lacy: Yes. Juan, it's Mike. It's about 70 basis points. So we would have been 70 basis points higher if we weren't at 0% and 20% of our renewals.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then on just the new lease spreads, or rate growth. You improved kind of 30 bps from the fourth quarter to the first, is down 2.4%. But can you give us any color on how that trended through the quarter? Or maybe where April standing today, just to give us a better sense of that -- of the momentum for the new lease rates?
Michael Lacy: Sure. So January, we were negative 2%, followed by February, negative 2% and then March was negative 3%. April is looking very similar to March, just as we, again, transition some of our vacancy to occupancy in some of these harder hit areas. And then after that, I expect it to start actually improving significantly as we go into July -- June and July. As far as renewals go, we averaged 2.7 for the quarter. January was 2.5. February was 2.6. March is 3.0. And going forward, we expect it to be about 50 to 80 basis point increase throughout the rest of 2Q.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: Two really quick ones. First, Mike, you mentioned something earlier in your discussion on $15 million to $20 million of savings or improvement NOI. And I think part of that you referenced as maybe it's cost-cutting or maybe it's just employee attrition. But just a bit more color on what the initiative is and the time frame that we should think about that $15 million to $20 million in savings?
Michael Lacy: Yes. Sure. Alex, that $15 million to $20 million is really as it relates to our platform. So Platform 1.0 and again, we started this back in 2018. We will see about 75% of it come to fruition by the end of this year. And then we have about $5 million that would remain in '22 that come from additional cost savings as well as some of our revenue increases based on some of the data science that we're seeing.
Joseph Fisher: I want to point out, Alex. That $15 million to $20 million that we always talk about is related just to the base portfolio that we had back in 2018. Obviously, we've continued to add assets. So the true benefit is above and beyond that amount. But that really gets reflected in the upside that we talked about on new acquisitions in terms of the 10%-plus upside that's reflected in those as well. So there is even more upside from the platform than what we typically quantify.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. But the point is that 75% is already reflected in -- by the end of this year, so effectively from your guidance. So there's another 25% of this into next year?
Joseph Fisher: Correct.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Second question is the wonderful joy of New York in rent control. So the good cause eviction legislation seems to be alive and well in Albany, whether or not it passes, we'll see. But with that in mind, regardless of what happens, would you guys think about calling your New York and Manhattan exposure and then increasing in Jersey and Connecticut?
Chris Van Ens: Alex, this is Chris. Let me take a steady, it's a really good question in New York as a part of it, but let me take a step back real quick and provide maybe just a high-level overview on a couple of regulatory topics because I told you over the last year, I've provided a lot of negativity to people listening on the call. I provided a lot of negativity to Mike and his team, which I'm sure they've appreciated. But there's some really clear positives now that we want to make sure people understand.  First of all, it's not really good news to anyone. But clearly, businesses reopening, return to work, vaccinations, continue in earnest across our markets to add varying degrees. And we really do think while people get very focused on things like eviction moratoriums, et cetera, but these will be the biggest drivers of kind of how our business performs going forward. And once again, we continue to see incremental progress with those.  Second of all is rental assistance, and Mike talked to it a little bit in his prepared remarks, but we have been actively pursuing rental assistance dollars whether at the local, state, federal dollars, whatever it is, really since the beginning of the first quarter, and we've seen some success, as Mike talked about, we've kind of recovered about $2.5 million to $2.6 million thus far, which I think is a pretty phenomenal result given the fact that a lot of programs just started opening up in the last month.  Right now, in current application process, about $11 million of our AR is actually an application process. We're not sure exactly what our hit rate on that is going to be going forward, but we feel good about that. And really, all these numbers, you have to remember, before we've gotten most [indiscernible] from California really up to now, it's just been local programs there. So that's kind of on the positive side.  On the negative side a little bit because I said eviction moratoriums. Obviously, we're probably going to see an extension in New York because their program is not up and running yet. We're looking at mid-May there. But I would remind people that we've operated under those for a year now. We feel good about our ability to continue to drive growth even with those restrictions in place.  And then rent control, as you spoke about. We have yet to see if 3082 passes in New York. It really hasn't moved out a committee. I think everyone kind of understands or should be aware of the fact that really is kind of universal back door rent control, just cause eviction. And once again, we'll see where that goes. We had some success this year in the state of Washington, a couple of bills for rent control got defeated.  But really, it's been a topic that is been put on the back burner to a certain extent, I think, as people have focused more on digging out of COVID. So that's kind of just a little bit of a regulatory overview, positives, negatives. Joe can kind of talk about capital allocation in New York going forward.
Joseph Fisher: Alex, just really briefly. Obviously, regulatory is one of the qualitative factors we incorporate into the [indiscernible] process. So New York and some of these other coastal markets don't necessarily screen well on that factor. But May on a multitude of other factors, both quant and qual. But at the end of the day, are we going to sell-out of those markets? No. We want to maintain the diversification. We're not going to run away from just one negative factor when there's still a lot of positives to look to in these markets.  So I think that's one of the keys of diversification. Ability to insulate from the ups and downs that come with each market. And I think you also got to remember the second derivative impact of this. To the extent that it scares away capital from certain markets such as this and new supply and the affordability that comes with that, clearly, supply -- or capital will find a home somewhere else. And you may have supply pop up in the Sun Belt markets as we've seen with the permit data. So it's not a one-to-one relationship of regulatory is bad, therefore, don't invest.
Alexander Goldfarb: Well, that's why I was mentioning Jersey and Connecticut because obviously, it New York becomes rent control, then Connecticut and New Jersey presumably would have accelerated rent growth to offset the lack of turnover in New York as people hold on to their apartment.
Joseph Fisher: Correct. Okay. And we take a look at all those markets. We actually do a subset within [indiscernible] of New York, Jersey and Connecticut. But speaking of New York broadly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel St. Juste: I want to go back to the beginning of the call. I'm intrigued by some comments on what you said where some of your renters are coming from 20% to 25% outside of the New York and San Francisco MSA. So I guess I'm curious if more people are migrating back to some of these coastal markets and the number of residents leaving those coastal markets is decreasing, at least in the short term, any reason at all to be concerned about maybe the near-term demand prices for any of your non-coastal markets? And then maybe as you front that you can share some nuggets on where broadly the rent income ratios are across perhaps on your Sun Belt and coastal markets.
Michael Lacy: Sure, Haendel, it's Mike. First, just so I can remember those questions. I'm going to start with the last one. Our rent income hasn't really moved. It's still around 24%. And we screen based on a gross number. And if you recall, our strategy was to keep gross rents high and really use concessions. So it's been nice to see kind of a stabilized number on that front.  In terms of the move-ins and move-outs and where we are with occupancy and demand, we're still coming off of some pretty big lows. So while things are improving, it still has a little ways to go in some of these harder-hit areas. But I'm telling you the last 3 weeks has been very promising. Demand has been stronger than we expected. And again, 1 of those markets that I've referenced earlier, New York had a higher 30-day trend than our current occupancy. So we're actively pushing rents right now to see what we can do.
Joseph Fisher: Haendel, it's Joe. I think also embedded in your question, just on the pricing power risk related to Sun Belt, as you potentially see migration back. I know early in the cycle is kind of topic de jure that everyone was going to result in a mass exodus out of the urban coastal cities. I think there's been enough research now at this point done that proves that didn't really take place. A lot of those individuals simply moved to home, stayed within the markets, moved out to the suburbs. So I'm not sure there's a risk to the Sun Belt in terms of reversion trade. I think the Sun Belt performance relative to the coastal was really driven by a different way of operating. Meaning you keep those states and cities reopen, keeping individuals employed, which I think as long as that continues, which it looks like it will, those will continue to maintain pricing power.  At the same time, it kind of gives us the game plan for what's going to take place in the coast that we're seeing today, reopen, we're going to get the demand. We're going to get the pricing power and rents and occupancy will come surging back and have near-term outperformance.
Haendel St. Juste: I appreciate that. And a bit of a twist to another question on capital allocation. I guess I'm curious on Dallas is in the middle of a pack in your proprietary model. I guess I'm curious what's at the upper end today as you contemplate existing or new markets?  And then the IRRs that you're selling out of that you're underwriting you're selling out places on California. I guess I'm curious comparatively how that compares to what you're buying in Boston and Dallas. And I guess I'm more interested really in what it would take for you to get more intrigued to invest more capital in places potentially like Coastal California or New York, where there are pockets of supply in that that opportunity and some regulatory relief ahead. So just curious on, again, what you're seeing that's attractive in your investment model here today? And then the thinking on places like Coastal California, New York relative to places like Boston and Dallas?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I think if you look at some of our actions over the last year or so, kind of gives you a sense for what price screen is a little bit higher within our quant and qual process. So seen us adding to DC, so be it Northern Virginia, Suburban Maryland, Baltimore continues to screen well, Philly screens well. You go down to Tampa, where we've added a number of assets, and that market has been absolutely on fire for us.  So it kind of gives you a sense for what screens well. But it really does come down to deal specific given the competitive advantages we have, and the ability to pick up that extra 10%. We'll look at a deal in any market. There is the ability to outperform market average, no matter where we go. So I don't want that to get lost, but we're only going to myopically focus on 5 of our 20 markets. The team here is always looking across the entire portfolio for opportunities to create value. So I don't see that dissipating anytime soon.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate that. Any color on comparative IRRs? Or is that not available?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I mean, when we do our underwriting comparisons, typically, we'll utilize a baseline 3% and in terms of forward market growth, independent of which market it is. And then we'll do a gradient that looks at the best and worst markets for where we think it could outperform and underperform just to scenario analyze those numbers. So the IRR differentials primarily come in through your ingoing cap rate in that analysis, given similar long-term growth profiles that we assume when we do the IRR math. So you're really talking about selling at a 4.25%, and then you saw 3% growth on there and get around the 7% IRR or you go and buy a 4.5% outsized growth for the first 3 years, getting up into the 5.5 range and then steady growth from that point forward.  So you're definitely picking up, call it, 50 to 100 basis points on IRR spreads between the buys and the sells.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Alex Kalmus with Zelman.
Alex Kalmus: You spoke a lot about the Next Gen program that you guys have developed internally. And obviously, you're into the technology space. I was curious if this is at all licensable and that's a potential ancillary revenue stream you guys have discussed going forward?
Thomas Toomey: We continue to look at a lot of this. I will say that the vast majority of it can be replicated. The challenges might be cultural as well as implementation. And -- but we'll continue to explore any piece of it that is licensable or IP and report on that later.
Alex Kalmus: Got it. And one other quick one. The DCP deals this past quarter had the rate of return around 9%, a little below the average because you have that upside participation. Is that sort of the dynamic, the trade-off there were potentially a little lower return for the upside? Or was there some more competition in the market for pressuring those spreads?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I think when you look at those, we've talked historically about our ability to bifurcate and work with the equity partner on what may fit their expectations of desire is best. So we're pretty flexible on our program in terms of going 100% fixed rate at a higher coupon or doing a lower fixed, but more of a back end. I'd say, as you look at the deals today, call it, 80-plus percent of that business, as back end participation, which we are excited about given cycle location coming early in the cycle. That should have more back-end participation. The economics overall, I think, are reflective of some of the difficulties Harry talked about earlier in terms of LP capital as well as financing. We're typically underwriting the 13%, 14% IRRs on those versus 11% or 12% pre COVID was our typical deal. And then the optionality, the way we structure these in terms of the timing for a capital event, the ability to have back end participation. Things gives us a lot of optionality down the road on each of these assets as they get through their development and do some process and come up towards maturity.  Ultimately, we'd like to own a handful of these, and it gives us a chance to get to know them a little bit better.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, operator. And just some quick comments on closing, recognizing we ran a little long today, but I thought it was very beneficial. Again, thanks for your interest and time today in UDR. Certainly, you can see from our tone, our results that we're very excited about our business prospects and looking forward to talking with you more as we execute in this recovery cycle.  And so with that, please take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-10 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to UDR's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo, you may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one, plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn over the call to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent. And welcome to UDR's fourth quarter 2020 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, President; Mike Lacy, Senior Vice President of Operations; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results. Senior officers, Harry Alcock, Matt Cozad, and Chris Van Ens will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Throughout 2020, UDR was able to actively and successfully combat many of the challenges brought on by the pandemic. This was a direct result of our company's strategies. In particular, our diversified portfolio, the versatility of our Next Generation Operating Platform, outside cash flow accretion from our 2019 acquisitions, and 2020 capital recycling activities, and the ongoing dedication of our UDR teams. In 2021, maximizing cash flow remains our primary goal. To achieve this goal, we segment growth drivers into what we can and cannot control. Things we can control include the ongoing rollout and successful implementation of our Next Generation Operating Platform, employing dynamic pricing across our portfolio to maximize revenue growth and utilizing our value creation mechanism, including selling low cap assets and recycling proceeds into accretive uses, such as acquisitions with operational upside and DCP investments. So far this year, these factors have contributed to continued stability in our billed revenue, and improvement in occupancy and lease rate growth. Mike will provide more color on our operating trends later in the call. The early year results when combined with the strength of our platform, our diversified portfolio across markets and product types, and our accretive approach to capital allocation, allow us to provide 2021 earnings guidance, which Joe will discuss further. As we move forward, we will continue to closely monitor factors that are out of our control. These include the speed at which vaccinations proceed, what this means to cities reopening and emergency regulations and how these will drive forward rent growth trends. In short, what worked for 2020 should continue to work in 2021. I remain highly confident that we as an industry and a company will be better positioned 12 months from now. The path to get there will continue to be slow, but the inevitability of a recovery is just a matter of when, not if, in our minds. Moving on, ESG remains a cornerstone of how we operate our business and investor capital. Over the past three years, we have dramatically improved how we report our ESG accomplishments to our stakeholders. I'm proud that this was recognized in late 2020 by GRESB who named UDR, a top performer in ESG, among global real estate firms. Moving forward, our intent is to continue to refine and improve our ESG goals, while also providing comprehensive metrics to our stakeholders as we share our continued success in the years ahead. Last, I've had the honor to lead UDR's team for 20 years, been active in the apartment industry for 30 years and have lived through multiple cycles. UDR's team has always risen to the challenge, just as we did in 2020 and we'll continue to do so in 2021. I'm confident in the direction of our company, what we are actively doing to improve how we conduct business through the Next Generation Operating Platform and our ability to handle any obstacle that comes our way moving forward. With that, the executive team would like to thank all our associates for their dedication service, unwavering focus on executing our strategy 2020. And in closing, I'm reminded that every year presents its own set of unique challenges. And I'm confident that the UDR's ability to adapt whatever 2021 may bring. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Tom. Overall I'm encouraged by early 2021 results. Portfolio wide traffic, occupancy, and blended lease rate growth are trending in the right direction. However, the timing around widespread vaccination and the resulting reopening of urban areas and relaxation of emergency regulation remains uncertain. Nevertheless, we will continue to leverage our platform to maximize revenue and limit controllable operating expense growth moving forward. The start and stop effect the virus continues to have on business activity in our coastal markets was reflected in cash same-store results during the quarter. Diversions from our previously provided guidance was a result of: first, some markets enforcing stricter COVID restrictions around the holidays and the lower traffic and higher-than-anticipated concession levels that came with those; and second, a modest decline in collections compared to prior quarters, which aligns with the seasonal pattern we've experienced in the past. As such, with concessions accounted for on a cash basis, year-over-year combined same-store NOI declined by 10.1% year-over-year, driven by a revenue decline of 5.9%, and an expense increase of 4.8%. When accounting for concessions on a straight-line basis, combined same-store revenues declined to more modest 4.5% with NOI down 8.1%. These results were in line with our guidance. Please see Page 4 of our press release for drivers of year-over-year, and sequential combined same-store revenue growth during the quarter. Encouragingly, our 2019 acquisitions illustrate for the operational side we can realize from integrating our platform. These communities produced sequential revenue growth of 2% from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, compared to a 50 basis point sequential revenue decline for our combined same-store communities. Looking ahead, 2021 has started off on better footing. As a reminder, the key to turning the corner on revenue growth will be sustained traffic, improving occupancy and reduced concession activity. Positively, our occupancy has grown. Concession usage has started to decline and we're operating with minimal or no concessions across approximately 65% of our portfolio. Where we are using them, the average concession level has come down to approximately 3.5 weeks from 4 weeks on average during the fourth quarter. Additionally, billed revenue remains relatively stable, a trend that has been evidenced since August, despite more widespread regulatory measures that impact our business. Billed revenue is one of the major factors that influence our bottom-line results. And I'm encouraged by this stability. Combining these year-to-date 2021 factors with favorable occupancy terms, especially in our harder hit coastal markets, we're now expecting sequential revenue growth to be positive in the first quarter as suggested by our guidance. Strategically, we continue to focus on maximizing revenue growth by pushing rate growth where we can and driving occupancy where necessary. This property newness specific approach to pricing our homes benefited us greatly during the pandemic and we anticipate this will continue to do so throughout 2021. It's important to recall that higher than typical level of concessions were granted during the third and fourth quarters of 2020 negatively affected our earnings for 2021. Even though we have been able to offer a lower level of concessions thus far in '21 as compared to recent months, the straight-line effect of amortizing what has already been granted serve as a headwind to FFOA growth. As such, we expect the first quarter will bear the brunt of this impact. Joe will provide additional color in his comments. Moving on, Page 3 of our release and Attachment 15 of our supplement provide combined same-store growth guidance for the first quarter and full year 2021. Additional high level context to how we arrived at these factors is as follows. First, 25% to 30% of our NOIs in markets that have fewer business and regulatory restrictions, and are therefore effectively open. This bucket includes Tampa, Orlando, Nashville, Dallas, Austin, Richmond, Baltimore and Monterey Peninsula in California. Able to improving fundamentals and positive 2021 revenue growth is anticipated in these markets, due to a combination of occupancy gains and positive effect of blended lease rate growth. Concessions across these markets have generally remained in the zero to four week range since March. And demand remained strong, which has translated into average physical occupancy of over 97%. Because demand and occupancy are high in these markets, we are opportunistically pushing market rent growth where appropriate. This may result in a modest decline in occupancy during the first half of 2021, but it will benefit our future rent growth. Thus far in 2021, we have generated blended lease rate growth of approximately 3% in these markets, with occupancy averaging 97.3% as of January 31st. Second, roughly 55% of our NOIs in markets that are partially open where fundamentals have likely bottomed and are showing signs of improvement. This bucket includes some of UDR's larger markets, such as Orange County, Seattle, Metropolitan Washington, D.C. and Los Angeles. Comparisons across these markets generally range between two to six weeks, with occupancy holding steady. Thus far in 2021, we have generated blended lease rate growth of negative 1% to negative 2% in these markets with occupancy averaging 96.5% as of January 31st. Last, roughly 15% to 20% of our NOIs in urban areas of coastal markets where emergency regulations and additional restrictions on business activities continue to present challenges. These include Manhattan, San Francisco and Downtown Boston. Concessions across these markets continue to average four to eight weeks. But we are still seeing competitors offering up to 12 weeks on new leases. Average occupancy across these markets improved from a mid-80% range during the third quarter to nearly 90% during the fourth quarter, but came at a price. Thus far in 2021, we have generated blended lease rate growth of negative 1.5% to negative 2% in these markets, with occupancy averaging 94% as of January 31st. At a high level, we believe widespread vaccination will be the tide that lifts all our ships in 2021. For the timing of when this occurs, and therefore when regulatory and business restrictions are a thing of the past, remains difficult to pinpoint. Next, 2020 was a disruptive year in many ways. And with the recent focus on net migration trends within and between markets, it's important to highlight that UDR's 2020 annualized turnover was up only 30 basis points versus 2019. Most of our markets are stable to improving retention, with the exception of New York, San Francisco and Boston. Our latest analysis of move-out data in these three markets shows most of our former residents are staying within relatively close proximity to the urban areas, they vacated last year. Approximately 70% of our fourth quarter 2020 move-outs are in Manhattan, Downtown Boston and San Francisco proper moves within the MSA, comparable to one year ago and significantly better than the third quarter 2020. This suggests coastal markets should rebound once health and safety issues are addressed. Finally, I want to thank my colleagues in the field and here in Denver for their dedication and executing our strategy and adapting to a new environment. The past year has brought a lot of change, and the lessons we learned will help shape how we do business and interact with our residents in the future. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Mike. And good afternoon, everyone. Many of our operating successes in 2020 were driven by the ongoing implementation of our Next Generation Operating Platform. The platform self-service components allowed us to stay engaged with our residents, deliver a high level of service satisfaction throughout the pandemic, and limit controllable operating expense growth to just 20 basis points for the year. Our five-year controllable expenses have averaged growth of 70 basis points, and our improvement in 2020 from already strong expense growth containment reflects a continuation of our constant and consistent focus on driving efficiency in our business. Because this five-year period overlaps with our platform initiatives, the efficiencies we have generated today are best illustrated after comparing our nominally positive controllable expense growth over this timeframe to more normalized 2.5 to 3% annual wage inflation growth across our markets. We expect to realize additional cost control benefits over the next two years, with the full rollout of the first phase of our Next Gen Operating Platform. As you will recall, we began the full rollout Phase 1 of the platform in Nashville and Seattle during the fourth quarter. This encompassed automated self-touring our new customer service technology and updated resident app and headcount reductions, among other things. So far, the results in these two markets are in line to slightly better than our initial expectations. We have realized strong efficiencies by refocusing those markets’ workforces on customer service as the new technology deployed has been widely adopted by residents and prospects which has proven beneficial to our leasing process and resident satisfaction. Of note, during the fourth quarter, 93% of our company-wide prospect tours were conducted in a self-service or touchless manner. And since the second quarter of 2018, our Net Promoter Score has improved by more than 20%. To-date, we have rolled out the full Platform 1.0 to 6 of our 21 markets, with the remainder scheduled throughout 2021. But portfolio wide, approximately 83% or 400 headcount reductions have already occurred since mid-year 2018 in anticipation of these rollouts. We have seen no discernible evidence of disruptions to operations. To-date, we have realized 50% of the benefits of Phase 1 of the Next Gen Operating Platform, which is expected to total $15 million to $20 million. As we look ahead, we expect to realize an additional 25% of run rate NOI from the platform by year-end 2021 and the remainder in 2022. Moving on, we are working hard on planning Phases 1.5 and 2.0 of the platform. Primary areas of focus include utilizing more data science to increase rental retention, better directing marketing dollars to optimal sales channels and making the leasing process quicker and easier to complete, to name a few. Post 2022, we anticipate that these objectives should continue to drive margin expansion. Last, many businesses have moved or are in the process of moving toward increased self-service as preferred by their customer base. UDR, and eventually, the multi-family business are no different. 2020 was a key year for implementing and proving out many of the technological components of Platform 1.0. But 2021 is the year that we will fully unleash it. A sincere thank you to all of my fellow UDR associates who have embraced this new way of doing business, and I look forward to providing additional updates on our successes in the quarters ahead. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our fourth quarter results and guidance for the first quarter and full year 2021, a balance sheet and liquidity update and a summary of recent transactions, and capital markets activity. Our fourth quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.49 achieved the midpoint of our guidance range and combined same-store revenue and NOI growth with concessions reported on a straight-line basis met our guidance expectations. In regards to collections and residential bad debt, in the fourth quarter, we wrote off $3.5 million and reserved $4 million of revenue for a combined $7.5 million or 2.4% of residential billed revenue. This is based on our assumption of ultimately collecting 97.6% of Q4 revenues or slightly below the third quarter level of 97.7%. Looking ahead, despite the inherent uncertainty around how the pandemic will impact the economy, the regulatory environment and our business moving forward, we have provided first quarter and full year 2021 guidance. We anticipate full year FFOA per share to range between $1.88 and $2, with $1.94 midpoint representing a 5% year-over-year decrease driven by a year-over-year decrease in straight-line NOI, partially offset by accretive financing and transaction activity. We expect full year 2021 year-over-year combined same-store revenue growth of negative 2.5% to positive 0.5%, with concessions on a cash basis and negative 4.5% to negative 1.5% with concessions on a straight-line basis. This difference is due to the residual impact of concessions amortizing during 2021 that were granted in 2020, which, as indicated earlier, will also serve as a relative headwind to FFOA growth until concession amortization tapers. In regards to our first quarter 2021 FFOA midpoint of $0.47 and the $0.02 per share sequential decline, this is being driven primarily by the straight-line effect of amortizing concessions that have previously been granted. Full year guidance assumes a headwind of $0.03 to $0.04 from concession amortization, with approximately two-thirds of the impact expected to be realized during the first quarter. Additional guidance details including sources and uses expectations are available on Attachment 15 and 16E of our supplement. Moving on, our balance sheet is liquid and fully capable of funding our capital needs due to ongoing efforts to reduce debt cost, extend duration, enhance liquidity and preserve cash flow. As such, we remain in a position of strength to continue weathering the effects of the pandemic. Some highlights include: first, as of December 31, our liquidity, as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, net of our commercial paper balance, was $958 million. Second, after using a portion of the proceeds from our $350 million, 1.94% Green Bond issuance in the fourth quarter to prepay additional higher cost debt originally scheduled to mature in 2023 and 2024, we have only $350 million of consolidated debt or less than 2% of enterprise value scheduled to mature through 2024 after excluding principal amortization and amounts on our credit facilities. Please see Attachment 4B of our supplement for further details on our debt maturity profile. Third, we remain thoughtful in our capital allocation decisions, largely funding our recent acquisition and DCP activity through property sales and the proceeds from our previously issued forward equity sales agreements. Our identified net uses of capital remain minimal and predominantly consist of funding our $491 million development pipeline, which is less than 3% of enterprise value and is over 50% funded with approximately $244 million of remaining capital to spend over the next several years. Fourth, our dividend remains secure and is well covered by cash flow from operations. Based on the 2021 AFFO per share midpoint of $1.76, our dividend payout ratio is forecasted to be 82%, resulting in approximately $100 million of annualized free cash flow after accounting for dividend payments. Last, as is evident on Attachment 4C of our supplement, we continue to have substantial capacity under our line of credit and unsecured bond covenants. As of quarter end, our consolidated financial leverage was 35% on undepreciated book value and 31% on enterprise value, inclusive of joint ventures. Net debt-to-EBITDAre was 6.8 times on both a consolidated basis and inclusive of joint ventures. Taken together, our balance sheet is in good shape, our liquidity position is strong and our forward sources and uses remain very manageable, as is detailed on Attachment 15 of our supplement. Next, a transactions update. From a thematic perspective and irrespective of the macro environment, we continue to believe that our platform and other operating initiatives help us to generate outsized returns while paying market prices for acquisitions. Funding these acquisitions by selling assets that are attractive to private market buyers, but potentially less platform-centric, in some cases, only serves to enhance this accretion. Our fourth quarter 2020 and first quarter 2021 acquisitions in Tampa, Suburban Washington, D.C. and suburban Boston are perfect examples of this trading approach, and we continue to evaluate additional opportunities to create value. Some highlights include: First, during the fourth quarter and first quarter-to-date, we sold or are under contract to sell 3 communities, 1 each in Washington, D.C., Orange County and Los Angeles. Proceeds total approximately $360 million at share, reflect a low 4% weighted average cap rate and with the sale of all of DTLA in Los Angeles, we have wound down our West Coast development joint venture. Second, during the fourth quarter and first quarter-to-date, we acquired 3 communities, 1 each in Washington, D.C., Tampa and Boston, for a combined $328 million. All 3 communities are expected to generate outsized returns once fully integrated onto our platform, with the weighted average yield projected to increase from 4.6% in year one to 5.3% in year three. Third, subsequent to quarter end, we committed to fund a $30 million DCP investment for a development community in suburban Washington, D.C. at a 9% yield and with profit participation upon a liquidity event, which we expect to occur in approximately 5 years. The development is fully capitalized and is approximate to 2 other UDR communities. Please refer to yesterday's release for additional details on the recent transactions. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: Appreciate the comments on the operating platform and dynamic pricing. I'm just wondering, as you think about markets like Manhattan or San Francisco, Downtown Boston, which I think you said was a challenge, 15% to 20%. Do you see the benefits from those given the disruption currently from concession activity? Or do you get more of that benefit when the markets are more stabilized and acting more normally? Just trying to see how this benefits roll through when the markets are really being disrupted?
Mike Lacy: Nick, it's Mike here. Last year, at the Citi Conference, we were able to present what we saw with some of the dynamic pricing using some of the heat maps. And over the last 3 or 4 months [Audio Gap] our mid to high-rise assets. So it had benefited quite a bit over the last few months just in terms of optimizing our rent occupancy within those markets.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I would add, Nick, this is Jerry. It's probably got more benefit today on the stabilized suburban markets, especially in the Sunbelt. When you have that much price pressure and concessionary impact from competitors, there's less differentiation based on view and location of the unit. People are just tending to look for the least expensive unit most frequently. So I think you'll see more of that when San Francisco, New York, some of the other urban areas stabilize, there'll be more benefit, but I think the biggest benefit to-date has been on the suburban.
Nick Joseph: That makes sense. And then just on those migration trends that you're talking about with a lot of those residents maybe staying within the MSA, where are they moving? Are they doubling up? Are they moving back home? And would you expect it to be those residents who actually move back in or that type of resident at least? Or do you think it's going to be a different resident base that ultimately moves back into some of these more urban areas?
Mike Lacy: I think it's different by market from what we're seeing today. I'll give you an example, in New York City, we're still seeing people moving out closer around, call it, Boston, New Jersey, even Connecticut, and we're staying in touch with those residents and just trying to get an idea of when the city starts to open up more, what their intentions are. So a place like that, we do expect that they'll come back. And today, we are seeing people come in from outside of the MSA as well. And then when you look at some of our suburban assets down in the Sunbelt, it's a little bit of a different story there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Spector with Bank of America.
Jeff Spector: I wanted to circle back to Mike's initial comments on Manhattan, San Fran, Boston, improved occupancy, but it came at a price. And then again, the discussion on 70% stayed within the MSA. Specifically on Manhattan, what are you seeing there? I think you just commented that you're staying in touch with these people to see what their intentions are. I guess, in the last month or two, have you started to see some of those younger millennials, Gen Z start to come back to Manhattan specifically or not yet?
Mike Lacy: To some degree, we're starting to see it more on our traffic patterns. So our traffic has increased, I would say, over the last 30 to 60 days. A big piece of that was the fact that we started using our brokers a little bit more within Manhattan versus, call it, San Francisco. It's just we found a little bit more success there. And so we were able to capture a little bit more incremental demand from, I think, people from within that market, looking for a deal or maybe trying to move into a place that they couldn't necessarily afford before, and they can now.
Jeff Spector: Okay. And then my follow-up is just on acquisitions. I think you're guiding to a minimal amount. Everyone is talking about the Sunbelt, but there's a lot of supply there. Just thinking about the -- taking a contrarian view back to Manhattan, let's say, or San Francisco, are you seeing any distressed opportunities for UDR to strike in '21?
Joe Fisher: Yes, hi, Jeff, good morning. It's Joe. I'd say at this point, really not seeing the distressed opportunities. Generally speaking, the only area that we saw a distress kind of coming through this has been up on the DCP side, where you did see us do an investment there in the quarter, another [$30 million] in Suburban Virginia. That really just due to the pullback that you saw in construction financing, mezz financing, equity financing for developments. At the end of the day, I think we're stabilized assets. The GSEs as well as other financing sources remain available. Proceeds may come down a little bit. Coverage issues in some of those urban high-rise markets might get a little bit more stressed from a coverage perspective. But overall, not really seeing any signs of distress. I think generally speaking, the urban high-rise product, pricing might be off 5% to 10% relative to pre-COVID. But overall, not seeing the distress come through.
Jerry Davis: And Jeff, this is Jerry. I'll just add on. I think I'd say generally in the core of the deals, while there hasn't been a tremendous number of trades to form a definitive opinion, pricing has likely hit bottom and possibly even started to rebound. Buyers are no longer trading on cap rates, and really are trading relative to replacement cost. And replacement cost continues to increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Sumit Sharma: This is Sumit here for Nick. Guys, 2 questions. One, your San Francisco new lease rate fell by about 3% year-over-year, which is pretty good compared to some of your peers as well as some of the market reports, and physical occupancy was up 410 basis points Q-o-Q. So overall, I'm trying to sort of reconcile this against the revenue per occupied unit, which declined 9% Q-o-Q. I guess, was there a lower impact to economic occupancy in San Francisco, in particular? Or were there other elements that drove the sequential decline versus the improved rate performance. Is it a mix issue of some sort?
Mike Lacy: Sure. It's a great question. This is Mike. First, just to put it in context, San Francisco makes up about 9% of our NOI. We have 40% of our properties urban, 60% suburban. We are seeing market rents, especially in that urban area down 10% to negative 18%. And in our suburban assets closer to flat to down 5%. I'll tell you the biggest difference on signed new leases is where we have higher vacancy. So during the fourth quarter, for example, down in the city and SoMa area, we were closer to 83% occupied versus financing that where we ran closer to 95%. So as you can see that you're sitting on more vacancy in the areas where you have more of a depressed rents compared to where we had a little bit more pricing power. So it goes back to our asset-by-asset strategy all along, just trying to make sure that we're optimizing total revenue. And San Francisco is a very good example of that. And I'll tell you to answer your second question, as it relates to our growth, the biggest piece is in the economic occupancy. And so again, if you look at the second quarter, it was down about 1,000 basis points on a year-over-year basis. And this market is also the one that's historically been our strongest when it comes to other income growth through initiatives and things like that, whether it's the short-term furnished program, amenity rentals. It was -- fee income was down about 11% because we just weren't able to do a lot of things that we're accustomed to doing. And again, the last piece I'd point to is that urban, suburban piece of the equation when you look at San Francisco.
Sumit Sharma: Got it. Got it. Thank you for the color on that. We'll probably take that offline as to what's in the fee income. And I always want to know whether the sort of app that you guys used to control the AC, but that's a different question. Moving ahead to like, I guess, asset sales. On the West Coast development JV, you guys had a fixed price option on OLiVE, at least based on something you said in 2018. And you chose to sell it. And I apologize for the background noise, that's my 4-year old, sorry about that. But with DCP, you stated that you're always looking for these assets that you'd like to own in submarkets that you'd like to be in. So what made OLiVE less platform-centric? Just curious to understand whether the pricing, what the pricing terms were pre-COVID or whether there's a push to reduce exposure to Urban L.A. in such markets or there’s it something about the asset?
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. The decision was made primarily around price -- asset pricing. And so from our perspective, at the price at which the asset was going to sell in the market, we chose to be a seller based purely on asset pricing. And I could tell you that with the sale of DTLA and Parallel, we've wrapped up the Wolff JV that we did in 2 phases in 2015 and 2017. Of the 7 total properties, we ended up owning 3 and selling 4. And again, we were just entirely rational in our thinking about what to buy and what to sell. We achieved an unlevered IRR of 11% on our total $260 million in capital invested, which is at or above our expectations. In Parallel that in Anaheim that we're going to close, that we're going to sell, we actually sold it for, call it, 20% above the price at which we bought out Wolff in 2019. So that was -- that ended up being a good trade as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: So I appreciated all the detail you had on the preferences for pushing rate in some of your markets that are a little more stabilized and as well as the challenges that others are still facing, predominantly those coastal markets. You did mention it's more if and when the recovery occurs in some of those challenged markets. So I guess, what did you incorporate in terms of your guidance as far as the recovery in the coastal markets from a timing perspective, given all the uncertainty? And do you think or did you assume that leasing spreads across the portfolio could turn positive at some point in the back half of the year?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Austin, it's Joe. Maybe I'll kick it off with a high-level comment just in terms of how we formed the same-store NOI guidance and FFOA guidance overall, then Mike kind of take you through some of the specifics. When you look at that same-store NOI cash guidance range of flat to minus 4%, if you just utilize 4Q of '20 as the starting point, to go to that low end of minus 4% NOI, all you need to see is NOI stays static relative to 4Q of '20. So basically, no improvement from 4Q all the way through 4Q of '21, gets you to the low end of our range, that minus 4% year-over-year. To get to that midpoint of minus 2%, basically a 2% lift, meaning we have to average about 2% better than where we were at in 4Q. The sequence of that, we've run through a number of different scenarios. Obviously, you have a piece of the portfolio stable and improving, a piece that's in that 20%. But we've run through a number of different scenarios as to when that starts to lift based off vaccinations and reopenings and feel pretty comfortable that that's a pretty good midpoint to put out there at this point.
Mike Lacy: Yes. Austin, this is Mike. I would add, obviously, the cadence of market reopening dictate those results. But what we're seeing right now is promising, and we expect that traffic will start to return kind of in that 2Q timeframe in places like New York and Boston and probably traffic starts returning in 3Q, maybe into 4Q for San Francisco and results will follow those trends.
Austin Wurschmidt: That's really helpful. Appreciate that. And then just one on the acquisitions, which you did highlight, these are some older vintage, kind of higher-yielding deals predominantly. What are you assuming in terms of a capital plan or incremental dollars to get invested to drive that yield over the next couple of years? How should we think about that trending? And then how do you think about, I guess, the recurring CapEx piece to buying and owning some of these older assets versus selling maybe some of the newer stuff that's a lower cap rate today?
Harry Alcock: This is Jerry. I'll start, and then Joe may jump on. But in terms of the capital spend, of the 3 assets we acquired, 1 was brand new, coming out of lease up, located next to another UDR property. So we were able to take the platform upside on that one. The other 2, one is 15 years old in Boston, we'll spend about 16,000 units. So that will help, drive year 1, the more year 2 and year 3. Likewise, the Tampa acquisition, we're going to spend about $10,000 a unit on that. So there will be some minor curing of deferred maintenance in addition to a little bit of return CapEx. I think they have a little bit of upside, but that's why 4.6% in year 1, it will be up over 5% in the second year. In terms of recurring CapEx, I think when we buy these assets, we do cure deferred maintenance and put them back into position so that we can own them for 20 years with sort of a normalized capital spend trajectory. So that in effect, the capital we spend upfront goes into the purchase price and our initial yield, and that allows us to manage recurring CapEx going forward.
Joe Fisher: Yes. And Austin, just to give a little bit more commentary on the yields as well. I want to make clear that while we have capital plans for the assets and we get a return on that capital, you also have a lot of lift in the NOI stream coming just from pure blocking and tackling, the initiatives and then the overlay of the platform. So relative to the private market operators, in year 1, we get about a 5% lift, ignoring the influence of market rent growth. And then from there on, as we continue to lay on the platform plus CapEx, you get another 5-plus percent. So we typically see about a 10% lift over time between ops and capital plans on these new acquisitions.
Jerry Davis: Yes. One last thing. This is Jerry. The Tampa deal, which is, I believe, is one you're probably referring to, it's over 600 units. It was really 2 properties that were run separately and are getting merged together. But day 1, we went in with platform staffing levels because we're rolling our Tampa market, and at that exact same time, we're in the process right now of putting in Smart Home technology to enhance it even further. But I mean, we went from about 12 FTEs down to about 8 at those -- that community. As Harry said, you're right to look at some of those older markets and the Sunbelt and think about Capex, but we're doing HVAC replacements throughout that community, which is one of the big burdens, and it's that. There's a paint job, wood replacement, that can also impact it. So I think what Harry said is right. I feel good about that property's CapEx spend over the next 10 years. It will be just like a fairly new property. And as they said, there's a couple of new acquisitions, the one in D.C. kind of offsets it. We have new development that continues to benefit us on the CapEx side going forward. So when you sprinkle in some of these older assets like this one, Rodgers Forge or Windsor Gardens that we got last year and addressed it with initial capital expenditures, most of that's been cured. So I don't think you're going to see a pop if we continue to buy these things and take care of them at that time of acquisition in our recurring CapEx.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Rich Hill: Joe, you do something that I really appreciate, which is report numbers or metrics on a cash and GAAP basis. So I think you're in a unique position to maybe help me and others think about how these metrics might trend into late '21, into early '22 and maybe even beyond that. So as we think about it on a cash basis, is it fair to say that the concessions that were made in '20 will become pretty material headwinds -- or tailwinds, excuse me, in late '21 into early 22. But then there is a scenario in later '22 where any growth is primarily going to be driven by base minimum rent growth rather than the concessionary impacts or lack thereof?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I got you, Rich. Yes, I think that's generally a fair statement. So as you look at the concessions granted in 2020, as of year-end, we had about a $20 million straight-line asset that needs to be amortized over time. We think net-net, the headwind relative to 4Q is about a, call it, $0.03 to $0.04 headwind as we work our way throughout 2021. So you have kind of cash underperforming GAAP here in 4Q and throughout 2020. We start to cross over in first quarter of '21. Those will effectively level out and you get a crossover point between new concessions granted and those that have been amortized. And then, you start to revert as you go through into the back half of the year where cash starts to outperform GAAP. And that's really the strategy that Mike and team have been employing throughout and talking about a lot about in terms of if you believe there's a recovery that's going to take place. While you take the upfront concessions, you keep the face rate higher and that helps just the revenue growth on the back end helps you renew off a higher number on the back end. So you should see that start to drive relative performance here as we go into the back half.
Richard Hill: Got it. That was sort of a lead into my next question. We noted that your effective lease growth in January -- correct if I'm wrong, turn positive, which is a pretty interesting indicator at least relative to your peers. So as you think about your diversified portfolio across geographies and quality, how do you think that sets you up to push rents, true rents, not effective rents because we've been -- I think I'm hopeful there will be a time in the not-too-distant future where we can think about true rents again? How do you think that positions you to outgrow, for lack of a better term, your peers?
Mike Lacy: Rich, it's Mike. I think it puts us in a good position. And as Joe alluded to, that's something we've been focused on for quite some time. And I'll tell you over the last three months, we've seen sequential market rent growth in our portfolio. And a lot of that has to do with trying to find those pockets where we do have high occupancy and we can start to push our market rents a little bit because, obviously, that helps on the renewal side, too. And so, we're starting to see some promising signs with what we're sending out for renewals going forward and again, kind of where our market rents are today. And it does vary market by market, but it goes back to that asset-by-asset approach, and I think it's starting to pay dividends.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: Appreciate all the valuable color so far. Just maybe to get back to these questions on the urban core for a second, but I guess, to the extent that you did see increased demand and traffic as the fourth quarter went on and year-to-date '21. Is there anything about the composition of those -- the unit mix in terms of what's leasing up a little faster that might give us an indication of who's actually moving in to the cities and where they're coming from and what their motivation is, other than just rents being low? Is there anything about studios versus one bedrooms and so forth that might fill out the picture there?
Mike Lacy: Rich, it's Mike here. We're seeing very similar trends to what we've talked about in the last couple of quarters, quarterly earnings calls. And that's -- our studios are a little bit less occupied than what we're typically seeing in regular cycle, so nothing really different from that end. I will tell you, though, one thing that helped us out probably more than anything over the fourth quarter is, when you look at our tours, and you look at how many were guided for self guide and all the things that Jerry and the team are doing for the platform, less than 7% of our tours were guided. So, the fact that we were able to just give more traffic through the door and really accommodate them, we're able to push where we otherwise couldn't. So that's about it on that side.
Rich Hightower: Okay. I appreciate that, Mike. And then maybe just a little bit bigger picture question again sticking to the sort of the more troubled urban core markets, but every few days and yesterday was another one. You see some corporate announcement about sort of a permanent work-from-home or remote workforce stands from some large company. They seem to be predominantly located on the West Coast, but not always. At what point do we sort of tally up those anecdotes and maybe change our longer-term view about what growth could be in the urban core, what cap rates should be, how we should underwrite just along those lines, if you don't mind commenting?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Rich, it's Joe. We see all those same headlines. We're doing a lot of work on the qualitative side with import strat, thinking about things like the business friendliness, the migration of these incomes, where they may ultimately go. I think the Google announcement, yes, the headline perhaps read negatively, but I think as you go through it, it seems that it's much more the anchored to an office approach, which is majority of individuals continue to come in two to three days a week. There are some that will never come in again if they're fully remote and not in a location that has an office. But I think our approach and thought process throughout this will be -- will return to some degree of normalcy where most employees will be anchored to an office for a set amount of time. One day, two days, three days or five days, whatever it may be. So that will impact, obviously, how you think about commute times and locations and submarkets within those MSAs. But it is kind of a rising tide, ships or sinks all ships. So to the extent that you can work from home more, maybe that is beneficial to the suburbs on a temporary basis. But over time, it's going to come back to, are these knowledge-based economy drivers, meaning are these technology companies going to remain based to a high degree within those markets? Are the finance companies going to stay based to a high degree out in New York and Boston? The life sciences of the world, are they going to be there? Or are they going to help drive income growth over time. And I think we believe they ultimately will that bias towards these markets need to remain in our portfolio. Right now, they're probably not the markets that we're trying to fill additional capital towards what you've seen through our disposition strategy. We've generally taken dollars out of those markets than into those markets. But I think those markets long-term have viability. We're not going to rush to the doors and try to exit at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Malkin: I guess, maybe a continuation on the previous question, maybe for Joe or Mr. Van Ens. You look at maybe the Biden Administration and potential risks there, slower rollout of the vaccine, companies pushing their kind of back to work from July time frame to September, October. And then also the migratory patterns you mentioned with the work from home. I mean, you guys seem to be hesitant on, if you're going to make a call on a shift from the coastal market. But I just wonder when you kind of look at everything in the portfolio strategy column, are you -- do you see this cycle or at least the next couple of years, shifting from selling cap rates that are very depressed in coastal markets, urban markets and moving those to the Tampas, Nashvilles of the world, potentially other markets that have those similar attributes where you're seeing all the out migration flow to? Is that -- I mean, are you thinking about those -- that sort of allocation going forward?
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I'll let Joe and Chris add on to it. But my sense about this is, first and foremost, you're right in the middle of the storm and try to navigate a different path in the middle of the storm usually means a wreck. So I don't see us adjusting while this is still unsettled where we would adjust any of our capital deployment strategy. We have a pretty simple game plan. Buy the one next door, overlay the platform, we make money. So we'll stay with that while the storm is occurring. We can debate for hours all of us with respect to what's the long-term implications of COVID might have with respect to work, our lifestyles and all of those. And what I'd characterize it as this, people in the short-term will do everything they can to accommodate their workforce, their customer and their business and have done so. That doesn't necessarily provide a long term. For example, if you're growing young talent in your thriving dynamic business, it is really hard to do so in a Zoom setting. It is hard to become creative if you've been sitting on a Zoom call for eight hours, as an example. So the desire to be back together, I see as many surveys talking about businesses, working from home, and Joe covered the tethered to office element of it. And I see just as many saying, we really want to get back in the office. Colorado today is back at 50%. Frankly, there's a great deal of energy in the building at 50%, walking up and down the hall, seeing people, checking back in with them. And while we are talking to them every week, Zoom, there's a difference when you see them in person. And I think when businesses get back to having that dilemma of 50%, 25%, they're going to say, hey, we're having a lot more fun together at 50%, why don't we go to 75%. And the power resides predominantly with the employer to set the tone, while listening to their associates and their customers. And so, I just think that the make this call in the next six months is foolish. We'll wait and see how it plays out. I do remind myself quite often New York is the capital, finance capital of the world. San Francisco is the technology innovation of the world. Both are critical to a long vibrant society growing. As a result, those cities are going to come back. Pace, I remember 2000 when we had 9/11, and no one was going to end up in Lower Manhattan. I thought it would take three years, it took seven. Maybe I didn't get the timing right, but the end result was they came back and in great numbers. The same thing will happen with post-COVID.
Neil Malkin: No, no. That's long and good. I appreciate that, Tom. The other one I had is on development opportunities. You kind of mentioned some DCP or alluded to DCP opportunities are distressed. But on balance sheet side, are you seeing any deals come to market, land deals falling out or maybe products -- sorry, severed projects where you had a capital partner pull out or something. Are you seeing those opportunities, potentially a pre-purchase buyout? And anything like that just given the more dislocation for the development on multifamily today?
Harry Alcock: Well, this is Harry. We're not seeing too much of that. And I mean, you're seeing construction starts continuing at a fairly high level around the country. There is not a tremendous amount of distressed. It's taking longer for developers to put their capital stack together. In some cases, they are struggling with the overall economics. But I'll tell you the land sellers, by and large, are allowing the developers to extend contracts and that type of thing. The developers are trying to hang on to those land parcels wherever possible. And so we're not seeing a lot of that type of activity right now. I mean we do have some land parcels within our existing portfolio that we expect to start over the course of next year. So, we'll start another phase of Vitruvian. We've got a land parcel in Tampa tied up across the street from slate that we acquired last year. We have another phase in the property in Alexandria, Virginia that we should start late this year, early next, where we'll add 300 units to an existing property. So again, a lot of our development starts will also allow us to implement the benefits of our platform as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: I'm here with one. You raised unsecured at 1.9% back in November. Fact, then your stock was trading north of five and flat cap rate. And you didn't really have that same disparity in the cost of debt versus equity with industrial data center REITs at the time. But can you just share any color that you have on how bondholders value your cash flow, the risk versus equity markets other than just being more focused on risks versus growth?
Joe Fisher: Yes. John, it's Joe. So in terms of the balance sheet, I think we've done a lot of work both pre COVID and during COVID to continue to enhance our credit profile. Obviously, throughout the cycle, we target lower metrics, such as kind of five times to six times debt to EBITDA. So that in times of distress, we do have the ability to withstand downturns such as this and continue to maintain a high-quality cost of capital maintain the BBB+, BAA ratings. And so when they -- I think when our debt holders look at that, they look at, one, we are in a sector that, by and large, has weathered the storm quite well. And from an asset value and capital flow standpoint, it continues to hold up quite well. I think when they look at our metrics, while a lot of individuals get hung up on debt to EBITDA, a lot of our metrics are doing fantastic relative to where they've been in the last several years. So when you look at 3-year liquidity, look at duration, fixed charge coverage ratio, unencumbered NOI, you kind of go down the list, and we've improved a lot of these metrics. And especially when we do these refis and prepays as we did earlier this year, the ability to lock in 2% debt for an extended period of time, take out higher cost debt, improve the cash flow growth profile of the Company helps as well. So I think overall, there is a scarcity of locations that you can go for high-quality yield. And so that investors are generally attracted to us on a relative basis. From an equity perspective, I think you're seeing coming out of last quarter's call exactly what equity investors have been waiting for, for multi. It's really about the rate of change since last quarter. Ourselves in the sector have traded quite well as we've gotten closer and closer to the bottom and/or that level of stability. I think Mike's commentary on the stability and what we've kind of put out there for guidance. So improvement relative to 4Q run rate is kind of what the investors have been waiting for. So I think that's likely kind of some of the disconnect, if you will where we were historically versus where we're at today.
John Kim: The market got it correct. My second question is on the concessionary environment. Just a follow-up from what you discussed earlier, but you discussed today and also a quarter ago that you're at the market in New York, San Francisco, Boston was four to eight weeks of concession. Since then, you've built up a lot of occupancy in those markets. But other than New York, your new lease rates in San Francisco and Boston don't really reflect that you're offering concessions. So I'm wondering, is this just a timing issue? We're going to see that new lease growth reflected going forward? Or are you not offering incentives some of those markets?
Mike Lacy: No. It varies by market. So let's take Boston, for example, we went through San Francisco, and I'll come back to that one. But for Boston, for us, again, this is about 12% of our NOI. In this market, 70% of our NOI comes from suburban assets versus 30% down in the urban area. So in the urban area, we are still seeing concessions around but that 70%, we're still offering between zero and four weeks, and we're having higher occupancy there and not as much coming through. So I think you'll see some come later as that market starts to balance, especially in the urban areas. And that goes to what I said with San Francisco as well. Today, we're closer to 90% in the urban area, first the suburb to over 95%. If and when those start to bounce back and depending on how much our market rents grow in the meantime will depend on where our new lease growth ends up.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Sweitzer with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Amanda Sweitzer: Following up on your guidance for the full year, what level of bad debt are you assuming in full year guidance? And then does that change as the year progressive? And then finally, I recognize it's early, but have you started to see a seasonal uptick in collections as you've gone through February?
Joe Fisher: Amanda, it's Joe. We aren't really going to get into the granularity of assumptions underlying that revenue NOI guidance, just given the number of levers that can be pulled between occupancy rates, et cetera. So, I do think it's fair to assume, however, that you do start to see an improvement in bad debt and write-offs as we move through the year. So, we'd likely start a little bit lower on collections and move higher. At the end of the day, what matters the most here is that we reopen the markets and put people back to work. And once you have income coming into their pockets, either through a job, additional stimulus, additional unemployment or tax refunds, hopefully, we see some improvement in that collection data. In terms of February trends, February trends are really mirroring what we seen in November, December, January at this point. So really no tick higher, staying on pace with what we saw previously.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Stevenson with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Stevenson: Joe, the 1% to 4% same-store expense guidance is pretty wide, especially given Jerry's commentary about savings from the operating platform rollout. What pushes you to the top and bottom end of that range?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Maybe I'll hit on a couple of areas on the non-controllable side. Mike can talk to some of the controllables. On the non-controllable, real estate tax, obviously being a big component of those numbers. When you look at the valuations that we've received to date, we're right around 60% or so in terms of valuations being locked in for this year, on rates, about 35%. So there is still a degree of variability out there. I think the markets probably that you're most concerned on would be those that have lower income tax rates. So Texas, we don't have much info yet. Florida, Virginia. So, there's a couple of areas there as well as rates in the state of California that we're waiting on. So that could push up or down. Insurance is always a wildcard. We know our renewal on the premiums, which was up about 20% for 2021. So we know that number, but about half of the insurance line item is typically claims activity. So that can always be somewhat volatile. It's Mike on the controllable side, where I have some details for you.
Mike Lacy: Yes. On the controllable side, I think you can expect to see similar to what you've seen in the last couple of years from us. Our cost control is in a good place based on what we're doing with the platform and how we're trending as far as markets transitioning, headcount reduction things of that nature. So I would expect our controllable operating numbers to be very similar to what you saw out of us from 2020.
Rob Stevenson: What was a big driver for the 12% repairs and maintenance bump?
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. It's really outsourcing. When you look at it, you saw personnel go down a commensurate amount. So, on a blended basis between those two, they had negative growth when you would have expected some level of inflationary growth. So it's really outsourcing of maintenance functions for the most part.
Joe Fisher: Rob, one other area of expenses to keep an eye on as we move throughout the year is going to be the eviction cost and legal cost. Our intent remains to continue to work with all residents that are willing to work with us that have been negatively impacted. But as we go through the year and you see some of the regulatory restrictions potentially be lifted, if those residents don't want to get on the payment plans, don't want to make good on their contractual commitments, then we'll likely have to move forward with eviction processes, and that could result in additional expenses. That said, you're hopefully picking it up on the revenue line item by getting a nonpayer out of that unit and bringing in some cash flow.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then the other question for me. Is any reason to believe the turnover won't be in the sort of 48 plus or minus percent range that you've been averaging in the last few years? And if it changes dramatically from that, how far does it have to go before it really starts impacting you guys on an FFO per share basis?
Mike Lacy: I think it's still too early to tell exactly where the turnover is going to go, but I will tell you over the last 30, 60 days, we have seen, again, that mass exodus. It's not there anymore in some of these major markets. So we do have some signs that it's getting better.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then from an FFO impact range, used to be 200 to 300 basis points would result in something like a $0.01 to you guys. Is that still ballpark?
Mike Lacy: Yes, that's probably right. When you think about it, the average cost of a turn is plus or minus $3,000 when you factor in vacancy loss differential in new versus renewal rent growth and turn cost. So 1% increase on a 50,000-plus unit portfolio is about 1.5 million. So 2% would be about a $0.01.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: I'll be quick on this. So two questions here. First, how are you thinking about or not how you think about that so to say, are you guys are talking to your residents who move out in the March to June expirations? How far out are you going with them? So are you talking to the ones who are expiring in like April, May, and June? And do you have a sense for how many are going to renew versus how many move out?
Mike Lacy: So, we're talking to more recently, Alex, the people have moved out probably over the last four or five months, they're a little bit more apt to tell us kind of where they're at and where they're planning ongoing. And we don't know necessarily what that percentage is going to equate to when it comes to future occupancy today, but we are getting a sense that people are sticking around the hoop, if you will, and they will be returning if and when their employers tell them to come back.
Alexander Goldfarb: Right. But the point is that your expirations for those months, the upcoming months, you don't have a sense for who's staying and who's going to let their unit lapse?
Mike Lacy: Yes. So, we actually -- as it relates to our lease expirations, we moved some of that around. So what you'll see from us in the first quarter, it's a little bit lower than what we've historically had. And by the time we get to 2Q and 3Q, it starts to inch up a little bit more, and it kind of goes in parallel with what we expect with traffic coming in. And those are the people that we're trying to target to get them into a unit, and we're trying to source what they're looking for, where they want to live and work with them in parallel with our incoming prospects.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So basically, you're just trying to hope that manage the move in, match the move out. But right now, you don't have a sense or it's going to. Okay, got it. And then the second question is, in your leases that are expiring in the first half of this year, do you know how much above market those are?
Mike Lacy: No, I don't have that number in front of me, but I would go back to what I said earlier, with three months of sequential market rent growth, we've had about 12 months of a gain to lease and we're very close to crossing over and showing a loss to lease, if that helps.
Joe Fisher: If you just think through the comps that we're facing, Alex, you had plus or minus three to four good months, obviously, in 2020. So that should tell you that you're underwater there for the first three or four months, and then hopefully, we're hitting the crossover point sometime in 2Q, and we're talking to you on the 1Q call.
Alexander Goldfarb: But Joe, that's obviously portfolio wide. I'm assuming, the real focus markets, the big 3, that is still going to be a gain to lease, correct? Not a lot, please.
Mike Lacy: In the foreseeable future, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Just a quick one on Los Angeles. Occupancy and rate were pretty weak sequentially. Mike, any color in terms of traffic or at least lease cancellations, lease breakages in L.A.?
Mike Lacy: Sure, John. That market, as you know, it's only about 3% of our total NOI. And it's heavily focused in that Marine to Delray area. So what we're experiencing there is a little bit of weakness, but I'll tell you, over the last 30 days, that's another one where we've seen traffic bounce back a little bit. We've had to go upwards of four to six weeks on concessions to try to drive some of that demand. And then down when you get into the city area, still seeing eight weeks and occupancy level still around 90% to 92%, so a little bit different there.
Joe Fisher: I'll say too, John, just in terms of collections activity, L.A. is probably the biggest outlier within the portfolio. It does have the California overlay from a regulatory standpoint, which is very resident friendly, but also the city and county overlays that are very resident friendly. So collections there in the amount of what we would call squatters are higher than the rest of the portfolio. So collections are somewhere in the 87%, 88% range. And so despite it being probably our ninth or tenth largest market, from a reserve and bad debt perspective, it's sitting there in the top 5. So it is difficult in that respect, but also hopefully, gives us some hope that as the market reopens to get those people back to work some of the restrictions down the road, hopefully, you start to get some of that back.
John Pawlowski: Yes, understood. And then, Mike, I wanted to pick up on your comments about the mass exodus getting better in some of these hard hit markets. And just take zoning on San Francisco, just in terms of the lease -- the lease breakages, scale 1 to 10, 10 being peak COVID, everybody's getting the heck out of the city and 1 being prior to COVID, everything is fine. Like where are we on this mass exodus type of dynamic?
Mike Lacy: I would say closer to a 6%, and we were probably at eight or nine about 60 days ago. And I think that's what you saw when you look at our makeup of our revenue growth during the quarter. Our other income was actually positive, and that had to do with transfer and relapse fee in places like that, where we saw just an uptick in people dropping keys and paying us until we have seen that come down in the last 30 to 60 days.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Dennis McGill: I wanted to go back to that same point I brought up a couple of times. The 70% that moved out stayed within the MFA and those urban areas. And the interesting part for me is that it was pretty stable on a year-over-year basis. But you are hearing from others that have more suburban portfolios, whether it'd be multifamily or single-family rentals that they're seeing much higher application volume from out-of-state coming into their markets. It just seems like you have a unique perspective to be able to look at both sides of that. So can you maybe round that out to help us understand how much of the rhetoric around state to state moves is real as you see in your data? And how much of it is maybe exaggerated a bit?
Mike Lacy: Yes. I'll give you a little bit more color because we did talk a lot about move out. We haven't really talked about prospects and move in. So just to give you a little bit more color on that, we saw about 23% coming from outside of MSA. And in places like Nashville, Texas, Florida, Denver, it was closer to 30%, where we experienced people coming from outside of the MSA, and that compares to about 20% the year prior. And I'd tell you for us, the one that jumps out to me is DC, we saw the highest number of people coming from outside of the MSA and was pushing close to 40%.
Dennis McGill: How do you square that with some of the data that would indicate that those that are leaving your properties aren't leaving the metro, where are the people coming from that are going into the metros where you're seeing that big year-over-year spike?
Mike Lacy: So very different data, the move-out data from the people that we're seeing are residence, where they're going, they have to provide us very detailed information on where their addresses, so we can send them kind of the final account statement, so very accurate information. As far as the people coming in, it's a little bit harder to understand exactly where they're coming from because they don't have to provide you that information. So, we're looking at things like our Google analytics to understand our prospects as well as the data that we are able to get from incoming move-ins. And so, it's a little bit easier to give the move-out data because, again, that's pretty hard concrete data versus the move-ins.
Dennis McGill: Okay. Yes, I realize it's difficult to triangulate it, but I appreciate the perspective. And then just a quick one, Joe, just for comparison points, historically, all the same-store measures that we would have been provided in the supplement and so forth, would that have been on a cash basis?
Joe Fisher: Yes, correct. Historically, have provided cash and had minimal differentials, obviously, between the two of it in the highly concessionary delta.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey, for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Let me begin by thanking you for your time and interest in UDR. We strongly believe that COVID will end just as other crisis and challenges have as well. The pace of the recovery, though, is out of our control. But promising signs is a vaccination rate going from 1.4 million per day two weeks ago to 2.4 million today. Vaccination production in March looks to be over 100 million doses. These are certainly encouraging signs. But at the same time, we're reminded that regulation and opening of cities and lifestyles remain challenging and will throughout the year. Our focus, though, remains on our strategic plan, in particular, our cash flow growth, platform execution and capital allocation. And with our team's help, we will be successful. With that, thank you, and take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-31 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to UDR's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo, you may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. Discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn over the call to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Trent. And welcome to UDR's third quarter 2020 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mike Lacy, Senior Vice President of Operations; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results. Senior executives, Harry Alcock, Matt Cozad, and Chris Van Ens are available during the Q&A portion of the call. Simply stated, our business is predicated on revenues we bill and our ability to collect those revenues. For the former, the third quarter remained challenging, due to the combination of ongoing regulatory restrictions, slow coastal openings, work-from-home trends and elevated concession levels in our high rent coastal markets, combined with the highest number of lease expirations for any quarter during the year. Despite this, billed revenue appears to have stabilized across August, September and now October. For the latter, our ability to collect revenue remained strong and is consistent with prior months. While these observations have yet to show up in our companywide same-store revenue and NOI results, I draw some degree of comfort from the approximately 80% of our portfolio, which is experiencing stabilizing or slightly improving fundamentals. This is in our suburban and same-store communities. Combined, these factors provided the basis for our issuance of same-store and earnings guidance for the fourth quarter. But we have not lost sight, of the fact that many uncertainties and challenges remain. Every recession has a couple of quarters, where the headwinds converge. The third quarter had that type of feel do it for us. And based on our guidance, the fourth quarter, which has fewer leases coming due, could as well for same-store statistics. The stabilization of fundamentals, occupancy, build revenue and collections is the first step toward a recovery. But to inflect higher, we need meaningful improvement in our hardest hit high rent markets of San Francisco, Manhattan and Downtown Boston. These markets make up 20% of our portfolio and while improvement in our October occupancy has been encouraging, they have come at a cost of higher concession levels. We have not lost faith in the long-term viability of these urban areas, but we need a vaccine for widespread reactivation and recovery. Mike will provide more commentary in his remarks. With all that said, we remain focused on maximizing cash flow and bottom line results. On that front, the midpoint of our fourth quarter earnings guidance, implies a full-year 2020 FFOA of $2.04 per share, which is down only 2% year-over-year. This is a result I'm very proud of, given the challenges this year has presented. Shifting gears, I'm pleased at the ESG achievement UDR has made over the past year. As detailed in our recently published 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report, which covers our 2019 actions. We remain committed to driving our ESG platform forward and have laid out a variety of sustainability targets through 2025, and have improved our reporting disclosure to provide the most relevant and comprehensive metrics to the investor community. We look forward to sharing our continued success in the years ahead. Next all of UDR would like to welcome Diane Morefield as the newest member of the Board. Diane has an accomplished history as a senior executive in the REIT industry and as an Independent Director, who will bring valuable perspective, as we continue to execute our strategy. Finally as we wrap up 2020 and turn our attention fully to 2021, we continue to focus on controlling what we can, which is how efficiently we price our homes, how well we execute the implementation of our next-gen operating platform, the quality of our customer service we provide to our residents, the support we give our associates in the field and maintaining a strong liquid balance sheet. The executive team would like to thank all of UDR's associates for their efforts to move our business forward, keep up the good work. With that I will turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Lacy: Thanks Tom and good afternoon. Starting with third quarter results. On a cash basis, our combined same-store NOI declined by 10% year-over-year, driven by a revenue decline of 5.9% and an expense increase of 4.2%. When accounting for concessions on a straight-line basis, our year-over-year combined same-store revenue declined a more modest 3.3% with NOI down 6.4%. On Page 4 of our press release, we have included blocks between cash and straight-line combined same-store revenue growth during the third quarter. As was evidenced by our quarterly results, some of these concessions more economic occupancy negatively impacted our growth. But the extent to which they did was market [Technical Difficulty] suburban locations. Despite these challenges, I am encouraged that our build revenue stabilized in August and September, with the trend continuing into October as well. Currently, we are operating with minimal and no concession, across approximately 65% of our portfolio and continue to maximize revenue growth, by balancing blended lease rate growth against occupancy changes at the market and unit levels. We believe this surgical approach to pricing our homes, has contributed to the stabilization of our build revenue, and maintained our rent roll for 2021, while not that [Technical Difficulty] for 2020. These factors drove our decision to provide fourth quarter 2020 guidance, which you can find on page 2 of our release. Splitting our portfolio into three performance buckets helps to better explain our fourth quarter guidance. First, roughly 20% of our NOI is in markets that have stable to improving fundamentals and positive relative growth, both of which we expect will continue. This is due to a combination of occupancy gains and positive effect that funded lease rate growth, primarily due to less restrictive regulatory environment and quicker economic reopenings. This bucket includes Tampa, Orlando, Nashville, Dallas, Austin, Richmond, Baltimore, and Monterey Peninsula in California. Concessions across these markets have generally remained in the zero to four week range since March, and demand remains strong, which has helped us maintain the average occupancy of approximately 97.5%. Second, roughly 60% of our NOI is in markets that we believe have bottomed, and are showing early signs that an improving second derivative could ensure. This bucket include some of UDR's larger exposures, such as Orange County, Los Angeles, Seattle and Metropolitan Washington D.C. Also in this grouping are our suburban communities in New York, Boston and the Bay Area. Concessions across these markets have generally ranged around two to six weeks, with occupancy averaging 96% to 96.5%. Third, roughly 20% of our NOI is in suburban areas of coastal markets, where demand and growth are more dependent on office reopenings, mobility trends, work-from-home flexibility and a vaccine. These include Manhattan, San Francisco and Downtown Boston. Concessions across these markets have average four to eight weeks. But some competitors have offered up to 12 weeks on new leases. Average occupancy across these markets was a mid to high 80% range during the third quarter, but has since improved to 91.6% in October, with Manhattan leading the way. While these results, which are highlighted on page 3 of our release, are encouraging, occupancy gains in these urban cores have come in a cost, in the form of more concessions over lower base rates. Overall, market fundamentals across our portfolio feel somewhat better than during the summer months. Billed revenue appears to have stabilized. Cash collections remain strong and continue to trend above 98%. And traffic and applications remain favorable versus 2019. On the other side of the equation, new lease roll downs are likely to remain the norm into 2021, and ongoing emergency regulatory measures in primary coastal markets, will continue to hinder our operations. But we believe our revenue maximization strategy toward pricing our home throughout the pandemic, will yield dividends, as we move into next year. Finally, I want to thank my colleagues in the field and here in Denver for their dedicated execution for varied operating strategies, in the phase of still evolving regulatory restrictions, which our dedicated governmental affairs and legal teams have diligently tracked, we are measured as a team and your efforts have been crucial in laying the foundation for future success. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Mike. And good afternoon, everyone. A big part of our future operating success is expected to be driven by our next generation operating platform, which provides residents an online self-service model, and improved operational efficiencies, while increasing the resident engagement. The initiatives we have rolled out thus far have expanded our controllable operating margins, and driven a year-to-date decline in controllable expenses of 40 basis points. Combined personnel and repairs and maintenance expense are flat year-over-year, while administrative, and marketing expenses are down nearly 8% year-to-date through September 30th. While declining revenues because of the pandemic may have altered the timeline for achieving some of our margin expansion targets, the ultimate operating benefits of our next generation platform has remained clear. First, site level headcount has declined 29% since our base quarter of 2Q 2018, through natural attrition. Over that same period, the number of total homes we own and manage has increased by 4%, as permanent reduction in our cost structure through headcount efficiency has driven a 31% improvement, and controllable NOI per associate. Second, despite reducing headcount, we have delivered a self-service model that our residents prefer, while also ingraining UDR further into their day-to-day lives. This is apparent in our resident satisfaction as measured by net promoter scores, which has increased 24% since 2Q 2018, as well as the 80% adoption rate of our resident app in the two months since we rolled it out. Self-service has become the preeminent way that businesses interact with our customers. We believe we remain ahead of the curve in the multi-family industry. Last, while all public apartment REITs operate very efficiently, at comparable rent levels we have higher than peer average margins across the majority of our markets. Versus private operators, we believe the margin advantage is even greater, typically ranging between 500 and 1,000 basis points, affording us the opportunity to enhance shareholder value through acquisitions. Looking ahead, we plan to capture additional staffing level optimization, which will further improve our operating efficiency, without sacrificing the high quality service our residents have come to expect. In addition, with the rollout of the next phase of our self-service smart device app, and the integration of more data science into our process, we see further opportunities to enhance resident loyalty and deploy revenue growth and expense reduction initiatives. Finally, it is important to understand that our next-gen operating platform does not have a finite life. Centralization, smart-home installations, self-touring and a shift to self-service have formed a strong foundation, upon which we will continue to evolve and improve. Future platform enhancements should benefit not only our existing portfolio, but also allow us to generate outsized returns, when buying assets at market prices. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Fisher: Thank you, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include, third quarter results and fourth quarter guidance, an overview of collections and our bad debt reserves and the balance sheet and liquidity update, inclusive of recent transactions and capital markets activity. Despite the challenges we faced during the third quarter, our FFO as adjusted per share of $0.50 declined by only $0.02 or 4% year-over-year. The $0.01 sequential decrease and FFOA per share was primarily driven by lower property revenue, due to a decline in occupancy and elevated concession levels, partially offset by lower interest expense from executing accretive debt prepays and higher DCP income from recent investments. Regarding guidance, despite the continued uncertainty around how the pandemic will impact the economy, the regulatory environment and our business, we have provided fourth quarter 2020 combined same-store growth and earnings guidance as outlined on page 2 of our release. We anticipate fourth quarter FFOA per share to range between $0.48 and $0.50, with the $0.49 midpoint representing a 2% sequential decrease. We expect fourth quarter year-over-year revenue growth of negative 5% to negative 6% on a cash basis, and we expect the difference between cash and straight line revenue growth rates to compress relative to the third quarter, due to a lower amount of concession dollars during the fourth quarter, because of fewer lease expirations and the amortization of concessions previously granted. Additional guidance details, including sources and uses expectations are available on Attachment 15 and 16A of our supplement. On to collections, and how we are reserving for potential bad debt. To begin, we continue to make progress on second quarter collections, which stand at 98.1% of build residential revenue. This is 200 basis points higher versus second quarter end, and leaves a modest 20 basis points or approximately $600,000 of earnings risk toward the revenue we recognized during the second quarter, given the $5.5 million dollars or 7% reserve we took. For the third quarter, as we outlined in our operating update on page 2 of yesterday's release, as of quarter end, we had collected 96.1% of build residential revenue, which is the same level of collections compared to the end of the second quarter. We expect cash collections to ramp further and subsequent to quarter end, third quarter collections stood at 97%. This compares to our bad debt reserve of $4 million, 1.3% for third quarter build residential revenue. Collectively, we had a rental revenue accounts receivable balance of approximately $15.5 million at quarter end, against which we have reserved $9.5 million between the second and third quarters. This leaves $6 million or less than $0.02 per share of recognized revenue that we expect to collect in the future. Moving on; our balance sheet remains strong, due to ongoing efforts to reduce debt cost, extend duration, maintain liquidity and preserve cash flow. As such, we remain in a position of strength to weather the continued effects of the pandemic. Some highlights include; first, as of September 30th, our liquidity, as measured by cash and credit facility capacity net of our commercial paper balance with $924 million, when accounting for the roughly $102 million previously announced forward equity sales agreements, which we intend to settle in the fourth quarter of 2020, we have over $1 billion in available capital. Second, after completing the refinancing of our final 2020 debt maturity during the third quarter, we have no consolidated debt scheduled to mature through 2022, after excluding principal amortization and amounts on our credit facilities. Looking further ahead, less than 15% of our consolidated debt scheduled to mature through 2024. This is due in part, we're issuing $400 million of 2.1%, 12-year unsecured debt during the quarter, and prepaying over $360 million of higher cost debt, originally scheduled to mature in 2023 and 2024. Please see Attachment 4B of our supplement for further details on our debt maturity profile. Third, identified uses of capital remain minimal and predominantly consist of funding our current development and redevelopment pipelines, to which we added 440 Penn Street 100, a 300 unit $145 million community in Washington D.C. The aggregate cost for our active development and redevelopment projects totals only $453 million or less than 3% of enterprise value, and they are nearly 50% funded with approximately $234 million of remaining capital to spend for the next 24 to 30 months. Fourth, our dividend remains secure and is well covered by cash flow from operations. Based on third quarter 2020 AFFO per share of $0.45, our dividend payout ratio was 80%, resulting in over $100 million of free cash flow on an annualized basis. Taken together, our balance sheet is in good shape. Our liquidity position is strong and our forward sources and uses remain very manageable. As is detailed on Attachment 15 of our supplement. Next, a transactions update. First, as previously announced, we funded a $40 million DCP commitment for our community in Queens, New York, at a 13% yield and with profit participation upon a liquidity event, which we expect to occur in approximately five years. As a reminder, the project is fully capitalized and the investment provides superior economics, compared to pre-COVID deals due to more assertive bank lending standards and generally lower available construction financing. Second, during the quarter, we acquired a fully entitled development site in the King of Prussia submarket of Philadelphia for $16.2 million. Third subsequent to quarter end, we sold Del Ray tower, a 322 home community in the Metropolitan Washington DC area for $145 million or approximately $450,000 per home. The proceeds from which we expect to accretively redeploy in the coming quarters. Moving forward, we will continue to leverage our industry relationships and evaluate investment opportunities, based on a rigorous set of qualitative and quantitative criteria, in determining how and where we choose to invest your capital to generate value. With DCP being our top rated use currently. Last, as is evident on Attachment 4C of our supplement, we continue to have substantial capacity before we would breach our line of credit line or unsecured bond covenants. As of quarter end, our consolidated financial leverage was 35% on undepreciated book value, and 34.2% on enterprise value, inclusive of joint ventures. Consolidated net debt to EBITDAre was 6.5 times and inclusive of joint ventures was 6.6 times, which looks slightly elevated due to the still outstanding settlement, of forward ATM proceeds. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Appreciate all the disclosure, particularly around the different parts of the portfolio. When you think about UDR portfolio, obviously it's diversified across markets and price points. But Tom, given the regulatory restrictions that you talked about, and I recognize some are national, but a lot of those are more local or state-driven. How do you think about the market exposure past COVID, so once the transaction market returns more to normal, are there any lessons learned thus far that maybe makes you want to change, where the portfolio is situated?
Joseph Fisher: Hey Nick, it's Joe. Maybe I will [indiscernible] and then pass it over to Tom to close it out. But I think similar to our comments from last quarter and throughout conference season, I think it's a little bit too early at this point to jump to conclusions in terms of market exposures. We're fairly certain the diversified portfolio has worked for us throughout this crisis as well as during the upmarkets. That means the strategy will remain. But I think we want to go through some of these binary outcomes to try to figure out what it means ultimately for our markets. So, getting through the election here in a couple of days, getting through COVID and getting the vaccine understanding, to what degree regulatory environment changes, and then maybe we will evaluate the fiscal health of these markets, and ultimately what happens with migration of jobs and therefore migration of the incomes over time, that helps capital on the supply side, and respond to that. So today, I think it's still too early. What we're really focused on is, can we do what we've done in the past from a capital allocation standpoint, which is just continue to do accretive type of spread investing. So, stay disciplined on that point, try to source low cost capital through dispositions of free cash flow, and drive more accretion, which I do think is important within this release, just to highlight the fact that while our year-over-year earnings growth was down 4%, when you look at the underlying pieces within that, we had almost 4% accretion coming off of last year's acquisition, DCP and capital markets activity. So, the amount of work we've done on that front, continues to show through, so while operations is clearly important to us in this environment. Driving cash flow is all the more important. So, what we've done there. And I will actually turn it to Mike, he can probably talk a little bit about how those transactions have performed?
Michael Lacy: Yes, hey Nick. I would say, if you looked at $2 billion in acquisitions, we're actually within a 100 to 150 basis points on our original underwriting. I think a lot of that you can point toward our 90% of those properties are suburban in nature. So, we're pretty happy with where we've got those deals.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. And then just maybe on the DCP program. The $20 million here to note that saw the default. Can you talk about what the plan is there and the underwriting for that, as you plan to take the title off the land?
Joseph Fisher: Hey Nick, it's Joe. Okay. It has become a high level for us, just to get a little context and then Harry is going to jump in to give you some details on that transaction and outlook for it. So yes, ultimately, the goal of DCP is we have talked about in the past, ideally, is to get IRRs, returns in between acquisitions and development, while taking that risk commensurate with that. With this plan and with this deal, summary of all deals we report back to the board, as we do with development acquisitions to show them what the returns were, what the acquisition returns were, what the development returns were. And overall, the program has pretty much performed as expected. When you look all the way up to date, there are things we've realized, including Alameda. We're running right around a low double-digit IRR, which is what we've communicated previously. It has got a couple of home runs in CityLine 1 and 2, Arbory in parallel. I guess some singles like Alameda in there. But the process is always pretty much the same. Are we comfortable owning an asset at that basis? Are we comfortable stepping in, have we given ourselves the ability to look at the structure and the document. So, I think one thing that's quite different here a little bit versus all the other DCP being transactions we've done, this is a land loan. It did not have limited partner equity lined up. It did not construction financing lined up. We got involved with the intent to be a private equity deal somewhat in the future, once they did that, whereas all other transactions we've closed simultaneously, equity, construction loan and limited partners. So, we took on a little bit more risk, but that's part of the reason we have the opportunity today going forward, within the city, which is less LP, less construction financing, more opportunities for new deals that we're out there doing. But hopefully, I think this deal, we got some time here to evaluate, but will be at the 150, 200 basis point range over market cap rates, once we get in the ground and get that deal started.
Harry Alcock: Nick, this is Harry. I will just jump in for a minute. Just a reminder, this is a parcel of land, that's fully entitled for 220 market rate homes. We have a cost basis of roughly $314,000 per unit, but that includes nearly $15 million that was invested by the borrower for land equity, architectural plans and other entitlement costs, but the valuation is quite good. The borrower holds the Master Development, which created a significant amount of required investment form. They own the parcel next door. The own Phase II and III of the master plan, and as Joe mentioned, they had been unable to secure an LP to help fund the several million dollars of costs prior to construction commencement, including interest in our loan, which they were paying currently. The borrower asked for some assistance, given their other financial commitments on the project site. And we just made the decision to take the property, rather than grant assistance. It's all being done in a very friendly manner. Just a little bit about the site, it's up [480 Base] in Alameda, which is a quasi-island between San Francisco and Oakland. The environmental cleanup and entitlement process took probably 20 years to complete. The site is part of the larger master plan with multiple parks. Two downhill projects selling for more than $1 million per home. Another market rate community and a senior community will be completed next year, plus there is office and retail in the future. It's a high income suburban-ish location. Excellent schools, 20 minute ferry ride to San Francisco, and I would remind you, there is virtually no new supply in Alameda for the last 20 years or so, just a single 200-unit property built, perhaps 10 years ago.
Nick Joseph: Thank you.
Trent Trujillo: Operator? Operator, can we go to the next question?
Operator: Sorry about that. I was on mute. The next question comes from Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Hightower: Alright, great. Thank you. I was getting worried there. Good morning out there guys. I got a couple of quick ones. I guess in light of the seasonal slowdown in leasing that we're going to see in all markets, but really centering on Manhattan, Boston and San Francisco. How long do you think this four to eight week plus production environment can last? Will it last, per forecast sort of through the end of the 4Q, early part of 1Q, I mean, how should we think about that? And doesn't really factor into anything for the next few months let's say and likewise, with office occupancy and that sort of thing?
Michael Lacy: Hey Rich, this is Mike. I'll take a stab at that. At first, I'd start by saying, we continue to believe in the long-term viability of both New York and San Francisco, as well as Boston, and operation centers in cities that will attract talent and individuals who have demonstrated a propensity to rent. In all cases, we are encouraged our approach has led to increased occupancy. So with that, you tend to have to solve through one of the levers first, and I can tell you having a diversified portfolio, we've seen opportunities where we can increase rents today and concession levels have come across, in places like the Sunbelt, and we're able to whole occupancy relatively high. But going back to New York, San Francisco and Boston, we have taken an approach to try to increase our occupancy there. That being said, it has come at a cost, and we've seen concession levels anywhere from eight to 12 weeks in some of the hardest hit parts of those markets. But in other parts, where we have more suburban assets, is closer to zero to two weeks on average. So we are starting to see in pockets, concession levels coming off, and again, our occupancy levels are rising.
Richard Hightower: Okay, I appreciate that. And then maybe a little bit more broadly, and this sits on the sort of market diversification and portfolio allocation question as well. But as you think about, a lot of these beaten up states and municipalities coming out of COVID and the implications for property tax increases, how do you think that's going to play out across the rents in the markets in the localities that you are supposed to. What should we think about the next one, two, three, four years in that context?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Hey Rich, this Joe. Phenomenal question. We have been spending a lot of time, thinking about, broader fiscal health, but also of course real estate taxes both near and long term. Yes. So at this point, for 2021, we've got approximately a third of the portfolio is in California. So clearly, we have that effectively locked in at 2%. In addition to that, [Technical Difficulty] about the 20% of the portfolio, we are expecting expense next year. It is effectively locked in as we've already got the valuation. So, we're starting to reduce that risk, it's probably kind of mid-single-digit type of growth next year for real estate taxes. But, if you think about those municipalities and states, it's not quite as simple as just thinking, Coastal, Sunbelt, red versus blue. It depends a lot in terms of the sources of revenue that those states have. So, obviously there are states like, Florida, Texas, Tennessee and state of Washington that have no real-estate or no income tax, which puts them much more dependent on the real estate tax side of the sales, and used tax side. So I'd say, as we go forward, we're a little bit more concerned about what's going to take place in Seattle, Tennessee and Texas next year in terms of valuations, as they try to fill up that revenue bucket. And then it comes down to, our markets that are hard to it like New York and New Jersey, California. But I think California is probably one of the best-positioned in the country from a reserve or rainy day fund perspective. So you do need to factor that in. And then we have got the election next week, which if there is a Democratic sweep, clearly there has been talk of stimulus for states, and so with the struggle they have had, and you could potentially bailout some of those fiscal issues, which is why we keep saying, we do want to wait and figure out some of the binary risk that's out there.
Richard Hightower: Yes, that's a great answer Joe. Thank you.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good afternoon everybody. This is Sumit in for Nick. Thank you for taking the question. I was just sort of piggybacking on Richard's question on accretive spread investing. Just curious, there is a lot of capital getting into the Sunbelt. When you speak to people who are predominantly California biased, they seem to want to get a little more Sunbelt exposure. And so, either through acquisitions or development lending, to curious if there are any markets, besides the coastal markets, that you may not be interested in at this stage, because the spreads are not suitable?
Joseph Fisher: There's really nothing that we've redlined today. Obviously we're cognizant of near term performance in certain market, so New York and Boston San Fran. So we're cognizant of the performance there. And as you go through the underwriting, there's a probably wider degree of variables or outcomes, as you think about forward NOI stream. But there are no markets that we have redlined. Typically when you see kind of herd mentality, I'll shift to a place like the Sunbelt, you see some cap rate compression and see more competition. That's not always a great way to make money, to run with the herd. So there may be more value opportunities in other markets, but nothing we've redlined today. At the same time, I wouldn't say there's any new markets outside of these six or seven in the Sunbelt that we are already in, that we're looking at.
Thomas Toomey: Sumit, this is Tom. Just to add some additional color. I think there's a lot of people sitting on the sidelines, weighting the outcome of the election and the potential changes in tax, particularly around rates as well as 10/31s. And so I think you're going to be thinking about this topic, but I suspect, post-election, first part of '21, you will see an elevated differential in where capital is flowing, and the triggering of those 10/31 transactions will start to be more visible. So, kind of saving ourselves to watch how that unfolds, but there could be some opportunities inside of that, to be selling.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, thank you for the color. And in terms of the urban sort of market that you've highlighted in the release, I guess, New York, San Francisco, Boston, just interested in what kind of units are you seeing the biggest weakness in, like ones, twos -- two beds, three beds, the studios?
Michael Lacy: So Generally speaking, we've seen less occupancy on our studio unit, and those are particularly located in places like New York, San Francisco and Boston. That being said, we have seen things like our transfer relet fees increasing over the last few months, and we have been able to move people from studio units in those areas, into the larger ones and twos, where we're capturing a higher fee income, as well as keeping that occupancy in place.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you, so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
JosephFisher: Hey, Jeff. Are you online?
Unidentified Analyst: Can you hear me?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I do now.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you. Sorry about that.
Trent Trujillo: Jeff, are you still there?
Unidentified Analyst: Can you hear me now?
Trent Trujillo: We can.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. I'm sorry, I don't know what's going on, I am on a handset. I'm not sure. Hopefully you can hear me?
Joseph Fisher: Well, glad that you asked. Get back to the office.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hopefully you can hear me now? I just wanted to follow up on the market question again. I know you've discussed it a few times, but I just want to confirm. So let's say the outcome of the election, it's where there is no stimulus or limited stimulus in early '21. Just so I have my head around this, are we saying that that doesn't necessarily mean, San Fran, New York, Boston have major issues ahead, you feel like? Because I'm worried about San Francisco in particular, and I think that you made a comment this week, that was something similar, but for your company or just owners of apartments in San Fran in general in these cities, do you feel like just -- we shouldn't just look into that directly and say okay, if there is no stimulus, limited stimulus, these cities are in major trouble for years to come?
Joseph Fisher: I wouldn't say that's the case. I think there is a number of other factors aside from the stimulus. Really, if there is, that helps relinquish a little bit of the fiscal pressure that some of the states are under, that is helpful. But there are still going to be a lot of other facts. I think, when we come back to the number of these coastal cities and look at the knowledge based economy and while individuals are spread out today, COVID has probably the biggest impact and an important indicator of are those cities going to come back. So, as you see the ability to get back on mass transit, come into high rises, as you reactivate a lot of the amenities in those cities, I think that's going to be a big driver. And throughout this crisis, while office lease is up obviously fairly materially, you still have seen a lot of tech companies taking down space in some of these major markets. If you go out to New York and wonder what's been taking place there, with Salesforce, Facebook, Google. Facebook just bought the REI headquarters up in Seattle. Boston, San Fran, of course, they have life science contentions, and that continues up. I don't think well ultimately, you're going to see a mass exodus from these cities. It's going to be more of the hub-and-spoke model, where maybe you need to be in a couple of days a week. And if you do have the ability to work at home remotely and full-time, you still have some of these tech companies, who are going to start reducing your income, as you do. So the cost of living argument, starts to care a little bit less late in their scenario. So, I don't think we are dependent on one factor at the end of the day, i.e., stimulus, there's going to be a lot that rolls into the qualitative and quantitative side.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks Joe. That is fair. And then my follow-up, I'm sorry if you discussed this already, if I missed it. But again, just given your diversified geographic portfolio, can you talk about did you discuss any of the trends you're seeing like within the portfolio or moves within the portfolio? And again, any comments on that and do you think some of this is temporary or when you've interviewed the people moving, it seems more permanent?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Mike has some pretty good stats on that, as it relates to [indiscernible] markets, he can take you through. Yes, we're seeing a lot of reports out there are and some of the work done like USPS, [1400] and things like that, which seem to indicate New York is a little bit more urban to suburban, San Francisco, a little bit more exiting the market potentially temporarily, little bit of sunbelt is winning in the interim. But we've seen these ebbs and flows over time. Mike has pretty good stats on that.
Michael Lacy: Yes, hi Jeff. I'll start with the move-outs. We have been looking at this, and we look at it both over the last, call it six to nine months and we compare it to prior periods. I'd tell you in both New York and San Francisco, we experienced around 40% of our move outs, relocating out of the MSA, and this compares to about 20% to 25% moving out normally, and the difference between the two markets is, in New York we had more local forwarding addresses. Places like Boston, New Jersey even upstate New York, where we're getting the sense that people are moving out and potentially looking to come back, if and when, the markets really open back up. The difference with San Francisco over the last 30 to 45 days is, we've seen more of those forwarding address in states that are further away from California. But that being said, I will tell you, given traffic in application patterns, increasing for us over the last, call it two to three months. We're starting to see people come back to the cities, outside of that MSA. So it has been promising to see some of our traffic patterns. Specifically for New York, San Francisco. Just to give you a little bit more color on the markets. I'd tell you, our hardest hit submarkets in New York, the financial district and Chelsea for us, and you can see it that we did a cash and straight-line basis for New York. Build markets were down in the negative 20% range, and they were obviously hit harder with concessions in the eight to 12 week range. I'll tell you today though, in Chelsea our asset there, we're running back at the 95% range and we're not actually offering concession, so that's some promising submarket for us over the last few weeks. As far as San Francisco goes, during the quarter, we had a very different experience among our submarkets, as well as urban and suburban exposure. I can tell you that, 68% of our properties are already in that urban area, and they were down about 23% compared to our suburban exposure, which is closer to 30%. They were down around of 11%. So, much different story, and again, you can point back to the concession levels, the occupancy levels. Obviously in that Soma area, and we're seeing concessions in that six to eight week range today, and down along the [indiscernible]. We're seeing they were too weak. So, a much different story and start going down south.
Unidentified Analyst: Very helpful.
Thomas Toomey: Yes, this is Tom Toomey, I'd just add some color. I mean, the key that we spend a lot of time every week on is, looking at that occupancy concession trade off trend. And you can see in New York, it hit its low occupancy in the Manhattan portfolio, pure urban down in the low 80s and then Mike is running back close to 93%. And with that type of occupancy level, concessions can go from 12 weeks down to eight pretty rapidly, and as he gets up closer to 95%, he will pull it down even further. So, I think that while everyone's quoting rent bill, rent collected, the real turning and inflection point comes when we achieve an occupancy concession trade off, that works on a net cash basis for us, and helps us build a '21 rent roll. And so, that's what we're really focused in on last month, and on the balance of the year is that particular markets that are starting to have that inflection piece. And it's hard to find, but it's going to show up in those two stats perfectly.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hello, everybody. You mentioned DCP as one of the most attractive opportunities for you today. Just curious, though, what your conviction level is maybe versus last quarter and buying back some stock here, given the incremental proceeds you've got the D.C. sale?
Joseph Fisher: Hey, Austin. Good morning. It's Joe. Over time, I think we've shown pretty good track record in terms of our ability to pivot to different sources and uses. Actually we pivoted last year to a good cost of equity and grew the enterprise pretty accretively. More recently it went the other way, and as we mentioned, we did buy back a little bit of stock. In third quarter, we bought some back in early 2018, when we got to pretty compelling levels and bought back in the last downturn. So, there definitely isn't any aversion to buy back stock. We do realize that capital is presence at this point in time. There is a lot of unknowns out there. We got a quick conviction on the economic trajectory and the capital markets, our NOI, which will we have enough conviction in the next two months to give you fourth quarter guidance. I can't say that we have high degree of conviction in the next two years. So, there's a lot of unknowns out there still, as well as course implications to our taxes, our rating agency, our liquidity leverage etc. So, we're going to try to balance them all. As you mentioned, we sold that DC deal, but that is part of the operating partnerships and there are certain tax implications. So, that is going to be a 10/31 transaction. The idea there, the [indiscernible] there was simply to take a very compelling price and you can back into what the yield was, that we sold that look at Attachment five down the held for sale NOI. And we deployed that at a very accretive basis into hopefully another transaction that has pretty good operational upside positions.
Austin Wurschmidt: Got it. No, that's helpful. And I know that -- recognize there's a lot of uncertainty in the outlook and the economy here, but you mentioned that cash and GAAP same-store revenue are compressing in 4Q. Do you think cash same store revenue has bottomed at this point?
Joseph Fisher: Yes, I mean in the interim. We're not trying to call the inflection or we are not trying to speak to '21 yet today. Hopefully, we have the conviction when we are talking with you late January, when we get out there and we potentially put out '21 guidance. We'll see where we're at that point. But today, when you look at our press release, that build revenue line item that we focus on a lot, as it kind of weeds through all the concession and occupancy rate of trade-offs. You can see October, we're looking at around $103 million, so that's three, four months in a row here that we've kind of hung around that level. So, next quarter we think cash same-store revenue on a sequential basis should be plus or minus flat, expenses should come down a little bit, generally just due to seasonality and turnover, and you should get a positive sequential cash NOI number out of us. That one of course, that comes to the straight line side, which you mentioned on the guide, as we start to see that compression than you do -- have to run up a little bit against these straight-line amortizations. So, that's why you see $0.50 this quarter coming down $0.49 next quarter.
Austin Wurschmidt: Makes sense. Thanks for the thoughts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with BMO Capital Market. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, guys. Just a couple of questions for me. I guess, first off, is there anything in short-term rentals or parking et cetera that kind of has contributed to the widening gap between that blended lease rate growth, and the cash same-store numbers?
Michael Lacy: No. Hi Juan, this is Mike. Let me tell you, just to give you a little color on our other income, we were pretty excited to see, that that was actually a positive contributor to our total revenue in the quarter. So, to give you a little more color on our short-term program, we were down around $1.3 million year-over-year or about 70%. We had probably roughly a 130 occupied, compared to typically 400 per month. So, that was mainly due to the regulatory environment, as well as just people not being able to travel as much. And then on late fees, we weren't able to charge in a lot of cases. So, that was down around $500,000 or 40%, and then our common area amenity program that we started last year. We weren't able to do a lot of that this year. That was only down about $200,000. So in total, that was down $2 million. On the flipside, to your point on the parking, that's one of the more sticky initiatives we put in place over the years. That was up 3% or $200,000 and our biggest pickup on other income this quarter was transfer lease rates going back to that point. We've reached out to a lot of our residents, to try to figure out how we can try to keep them, in a lot of ways, it was just moving into the property to different units. And so, we were able to increase that by about $1.5 million in the quarter, up 75%. So overall, other income was a positive contributor for us during the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Hill: Hey guys, good afternoon. I think I might be the only analysts on Wall Street that's actually back in the office, and I think you guys might be as well. So misery loves company, I guess. Hey, I wanted to ask a little bit about what the fourth quarter might look like? I really appreciate you guys giving the guide. I think that's really helpful, at least for sentiments. But could you maybe talk about what build that's embedded in your guide, and what leasing spreads might look like as well?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. As we mentioned, if you go to page 2 within the press release, it really gives you a pretty good sense for where 4Q is going to play out. So, as Mike talked about, occupancy trends started to pick up a little bit, as we showed to you on page 3, that New York San Fran Boston picked up a little bit. So, you do see the October range start to pick up relative to Q3 '20. The blend is up a little bit, which a little bit of that is just math, in terms of which units are leasing. Obviously a weaker blended lease rate in the New York, San Fran, et cetera, and so to the extent that we gain occupancy in those, which good for cash flow. It did show up optically negative on the blends, but ultimately it's about cash flow and how much revenue we can build. So, I think those are going to be relatively static, as you think about the trajectory of those numbers.
Richard Hill: Okay, that's helpful. That was the beginning of my question, I promise you I did get to page 2 of your press release, believe it or not. So one more question guys. As you think about this demand increases that you and some of your peers are starting to see. Can you maybe walk us through why that demand is building? Is it seasonal? Is it because rents have dropped enough? Are you actually seeing people come back? What's driving that? And I guess ultimately it's ultimately a question about, why aren't you confident about giving a guide, because clearly you're seeing something?
Michael Lacy: Hey Rich, it's Mike. I think the biggest thing for us, going back to the diversified portfolio, on every market is acting a little bit differently, and then you can go within the submarkets, within each market and we're seeing different stories. I think my example of Chelsea is a good one, as well as the Financial District when they started bringing back some of the jobs to the city. We do see an uptick in demand and recently, we've seen just generally speaking, our traffic patterns increasing in places like the sunbelt, as well as some of these harder hit markets, some of it is a function of us finding the right spot in terms of pricing and some of this, quite frankly, we're seeing people coming to the market, that we historically haven't seen coming to the market. So again, very different market by market. We are very excited to see our occupancy levels obviously increase in that 20% of NOI that we've referenced in the past that has been more of a struggle. So, that obviously helps to Joe's point, put us in a more stabilized environment, when it comes to build revenue.
Richard Hill: Got it. And just one -- go ahead, I'm sorry.
Joseph Fisher: I think the other thing. I mean, we of course track all the mobility stats, about markets on the restaurant bookings cancelled on the security card side. It gives you some indication by market. So, slowly but surely those are coming back. Clearly, not nearly close to where we we'd hoped it be. But for other jobs, clearly, those individuals get more comfort that the economy is moving in the right direction and they're going to retain their job, whether they're actually getting their job back. That's helpful. So whether or not they left the city, whether or not they are working in an office, just setting the comfort level that they are going to have a job and ability to pay rents, is helpful from a demand standpoint.
Richard Hill: Got it. And just maybe one follow-up question, can you share any renewal data on the non-CBD markets? I recognize you did a really nice breakdown for the three markets that you discussed on Page 2. But the non-CBD markets, any updates on the renewal trends there?
Michael Lacy: Yes, Rich. The renewal trends that we're seeing today, are pretty consistent. I would tell you in general, we've been sending out that 2% to 2.5% range, and I would remind you and everybody else that, 20% of our NOIs capped at zero percent. So that's kind of where we stand there. But as far as the markets at, are in the other buckets, they are still in that 2% to 3% range, and that's what we're sending out today.
Richard Hill: Great, thank you guys. And appreciate the transparency, and what looks like a good inflection in the quarter. Thank you.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Anderson: Thanks. Rich number three here. So, I feel like, maybe there should be some rule against dialing in an hour early before a conference call. But that's another conversation apparently. So on the topic of the CBD, New York City, Boston and San Francisco, am I reading this right, are you guys kind of frustrated with the local and state leadership there and don't agree with how it was handled? And maybe that's a strike against them when it comes to investing again in those marketplaces? Or is it the reverse, where you may be more likely zig rather than zag and invest more there, with a longer-term view? I'm curious how the leadership, through this COVID thing has impacted your view of those three specific marketplaces?
Thomas Toomey: Yes Rich, this is Toomey. And for the right price, we could let you reserve that first spot. And I understand, we ran through the TRS, and we're pretty good on the income. Tough to help out there, or a box of cigars, either one would probably get you there. So yes, I think it's a fair question with respect to our observations of how government had responded differently in different municipalities, and does it taint our view toward the market in the future? I wouldn't say it taints it. What it does, as Joe has highlighted on the portfolio of strategy, it's another part of the Q, that we're looking at and saying, what do we think the tax base looks like? How vibrant of an economic environment? And is it conducive to us, and our operating business? And there's a lot of city councils that swung very far in a very aggressive manner, and we think they're going to pay a price on long-term viability of their city. And that's not for us to judge, it's just we have to take the facts in and look at it and say, boy does that change our example? Seattle, downtown view of that marketplace? When they have declared war on business through a variety of taxation, legislative action. Well businesses are going to move. And if those businesses move, our business is moved. So yes we do weigh it, but we want to see more facts develop and see how cities open back up, and if they realize that if they open their doors to business, the vibrance of their city can take off, and all the other projects they had, can be funded and they can solve some of their problems. But the anti-business sentiment that is being exposed in a number of these cities, I hope passes. I think we're in an election year. Everybody's amped up. We'll see how that plays out at post-election, and if they start pulling back off of some of this. We've seen you can say in California, 3088 was a nice measure. At least it forced people to have a dialog. Florida lifting evictions. You're starting to see cities respond, and it'd be a question about the aggressive nature of that response and the timing of it, but we are just like everyone else. We're a citizen. We've got to run our business. We've got to look at how that business is impacted by its overall legislative agenda.
Richard Anderson: Good answer, thanks Tom. Thanks everyone. That's all I got.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Rich.
Thomas Toomey: Two boxes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amanda Sweitzer with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Amanda Sweitzer: Great, thanks. Can you guys just expand on the pipeline of potential DCP deals that you see today, and then I obviously recognize that each deal is unique. But where are you seeing pricing trend today? Or sort of those DCP investments that was relative to the 13% yield that you guys achieved on Queens?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. I mean, I will tell you generally, the number of opportunities we're seeing is increasing capital overall, difficult for the developers, debt proceeds are lower, LP capital is more difficult to obtain. But all of those things make it difficult for these projects to get started, because they have to get the entire capital stack. So we're looking at a lot of opportunities. On the other side, there's a lot of capital that's also looking to deploy capital in this space. So it is pretty competitive, but I think our the deals you've seen us do over the last, call it 18 to 24 months, are pretty consistent, with how we're pricing deals today, and so that would be typically a blend of coupon, and back-end and underwrite it to kind of a 12% to 14% type IRR.
Amanda Sweitzer: Helpful, thanks.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Amanda.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Hey, thanks for your time. Just one question for me. Tom or Joe, on the capital side, you've been emphasizing patience this year, but acknowledging you can't control when a large portfolio has come to the market. If one did that met your quality criteria, would you be willing to bid on it right now?
Joseph Fisher: John, I guess, you saw what we did in 2019, which was -- we had a number of parameters, obviously as I sit with, where we want to deploy capital, on a diversified basis. But as they would platform upside, and then it had to be near term accretive and we had to have a good cost of capital to fund it. I don't think there's any dispute in the room here that, we do not have a good cost of capital on the equity side. Those markets are absolutely fantastic for us. Dispositions are a great source of capital for us. But cost of equity is nowhere near where we need to be, to do a portfolio type transaction. Or more so with the churn load, can we just incrementally drive a little bit more cash flow, with the sources that we can create internally. Q - John Pawlowski Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Nelson with Capital One Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Malkin: Hey, guys. First one, in your urban San Fran, New York portfolios, what is the month-to-month breakdown? I guess, how many tenants -- well first, I know you have to take the potential you have to [indiscernible] the majority of your corporate housing, short term housing there. But how many, what percentage is the month to month leases, given people's uncertainty with COVID? We've heard a lot, but there are a rising amount and it's not month to month? And just wondering if you've seen that higher than that? Hey Neil, it's Mike. We've been launching this day and night. It has been amazing to watch, because we are running just under 4% month-to-month today and I would tell you, just to put in perspective, we typically run around 3.5%. So, we haven't actually seen much of an uptick, when it comes to month to month. And when you go into those particular markets, it's basically the same trend line. Okay. Appreciate that. I guess maybe for Joe or I guess, Tom. You guys talked about -- from the look of your advanced analytics or not wanting to make a decision too quickly, you don't want to -- make sure, you want to [[Technical Difficulty]. Just kind of want to go back to the California thing for a second. I mean, you look at like that, a lot of permanent moves, for example, a lot of companies have been moving their headquarters, legislation that will can get past that November, if not, beyond the balance, two more years, just given how part of the politics is on there. If you look at it, a lot of things like [Technical Difficulty] movement, a lot of things that, to be honest, seem permanent, seem like longer term in nature. So, I guess what else do you need to see, or how do you weigh those sort of trends that are more permanent in nature, when deciding you shift your capital allocation, or maybe adjust how that look proceeds in your advanced analytics analysis?
Joseph Fisher: Yes Neil, a little bit. If you use history as a guide and not just to have a kneejerk reaction on this. We knew when you say, these are more permanent in nature that seems to be kind of the popular view today. But you go back over time, and look at the times of the financial crisis and the depths of those. There was an expectation that some of those markets were hard to set, or going to be perpetually underperforming. I don't think that's the case, because when you look at migration over time, migration has consistently gone from Midwest and the coast down into the sunbelt. But it hasn't resulted in long-term rental rate outperformance. You have to have income growth to drive it, you can't just [indiscernible] drive it, because supply usually offsets it. So you do that higher income component and what remains to be seen is, to what degree you see an income migration. So, the good thing is we're already diversified. We've already got exposure to the sunbelt. We have got exposure to markets like Baltimore and Richmond, that are performing well, and Monterey Peninsula performing well, even though, those are on the coast. D.C. has performed well for us. So right now, we have got them in a position of strength to be patient on this, and to the extent that we want to shift capital over time, you'll hear more one-offs in terms of the CMR actions.
Thomas Toomey: This is Toomey. I'd add. One of the factors I have not seen much, riding for the sales side on and we've not discussed externally. But internally we have is, potential immigration policy impact, and if it changes dramatically do you have the normal migration city that get adverse from that piece of the equation. So you see there's a lot of factors that when you start looking at the crystal ball of the future and say, boy, we'd like to nail down one or two more of those, before you start making kneejerk reactions that we live with for the rest of our days. So, I think we are being patient, and sometimes the hardest thing to be, but the most rewarding thing to be.
Neil Malkin: Alright, that was fruitful. Thank you.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey good morning out there and appreciate you guys taking the questions, and keeping the call going. First, on the topic of Penn Street. I think also part of that could be National Housing regulation rent forgiveness. So, I think when people think about stimulus, the negative [Technical Difficulty] increased regulations for sectors that really doesn't need it. But few questions here; first on the concessions that you guys have outlined in your, the target urban core markets that are facing a lot of pressure. The renters that you see coming in, is your experience that renters have come in, when the heavy discussions in the market, tend to be not that sticky, so you expect these folks to leave next year? Or your view is that these are people who have always wanted to live in the city or in that neighborhood, and therefore are taking a hold and will stay committed, once the concessions are no longer part of their rent?
Michael Lacy: Hey, Alex. I'd speak for us, what we're experiencing today is 70% of our people that are coming into these places, in New York and San Francisco, are coming from within the area. So it does feel like, they are looking for the best deal, maybe in some cases, the place they wanted to live. They just wanted to wait for the right pricing. And so once we get them in there, obviously, we do feel that we are platforming things that we put in place. We differentiate ourselves from others and we do have the ability to try to keep them. That being said, only 40% to 50% of the people that have moved in over the last three months, actually received anything substantial. And when I say that, that's in that three to four week range concession level. But half of them didn't even really receive a concession at all. We typically use it as a [Technical Difficulty], trying to get people through the door, and again a lot of ways, not every single person that comes through there, is actually getting a big concession.
Joseph Fisher: I will [indiscernible] Alex. When you look at the regimen screening perspective, one thing we of course want to avoid, is those individuals jumping from someone else's debt pool to our own bad dent pool. And when you look at the number of individuals over the last four, five, six months, you're not seeing a larger percentage turn into 60-day delinquent than what we had previously. So the resident screening is in place. We're not taking on and debt by offering up concessions and bringing in a bad resident.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second one is just looking at Boston in particular. Given some of the [indiscernible], the interface comments about the length of time for international students to come back, but it won't be of [Technical Difficulty] may take several years. In your portfolio in Boston, how exposed traditionally are you to the international students, and how do you see that impacting the recovery of those school oriented apartments?
JerryDavis: Relatively low exposure for us on the international side. We over the last six months, have experienced around 1% move-outs. So around 500 people. And it's not big. I would say Boston is probably a little bit higher than other parts of the country, but it's not any more than 2% to 2.5%.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you, Jerry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, thanks. So, I guess a quick question for you, Joe, first. You mentioned that your leverage has increased to 6.5 times than the net debt-to-EBITDA versus 5.5 a year ago. And it looks like you take that forward equity down, around current pricing, you came around 5.9 this time. So, I guess my question is, I know you have enough liquidity and limited debt maturity that's coming, but how comfortable are you maintaining this type of leverage profile in the near future, and do you think it will limit your willingness or ability to deploy capital optimistically?
Joseph Fisher: Fair question. So yes, the leverage has ticked higher on a debt-to-EBITDA basis. That said, over the last year, you've seen some other metrics improve. Be it duration, three year liquidity, fixed charge coverage ratio. So, it is one metric that hasn't gone the way we'd like, but that's the reason we typically run with a very solidly investment grade balance sheet throughout the cycle. So, when you see EBITDA come off a little bit, we can absorb that. So, before the equity deal of around $100 million, we expect to draw that down in the fourth quarter. $100 million on debt right now of $5.4 billion, is only about 2%. So, it shouldn't move that metric too much from 6.5 times, you move it like 2%, that's 12 basis points. So we think it's down a 10th of the turn. That said, when we think about the leverage profile, there's a couple of gating items or gradients that we look at. Where do we stand relative to the rating agencies? Where do we stand relative to our dividend? And where do we stand relative to our covenants? I'd say, with the rating agencies right now, we've had good constructive conversations with them. They seem to be very comfortable with where we stand today and where we're headed. We could probably absorb another $50 million, $75 million of EBITDA declines before we might even begin to get concerned there. In dividend clearly, we have over $100 million of annual cash flow relative to dividend coverage. So, very well supported. And relative to covenants, we could take out a $300 million type decline in EBITDA, before we start to put pressure on covenants. So plenty of capacity I'd say across all three spectrums. So long story short, we feel very comfortable with where we're at, and when we come out to the other side, we will get back to those capital cycle type of leverage metrics.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it, got it. Thank you. And maybe one for Tom or maybe Jerry. What's more likely to happen in 2022? The Broncos win the Superbowl, or New York City will return to positive NOI?
Thomas Toomey: New York City. You have lowered the bar to [Technical Difficulty].
Haendel St. Juste: We all know that Broncos have no chance. But I guess, maybe discuss a bit more about some of the events indicated you mentioned. The ones that you're, I guess, more focused on the private side a bit more, be it the restaurant booking, with moving trucks, the [indiscernible] Starbucks coffee sales. I mean, what are you most closely watching, to get a bit more constructive on the urban possible recovery for a place like New York City or Boston in the back half of next year? Even 2022? And then are you getting any more comfortable or closer to incomes and would deploy capital in any of these markets, given all the capital that pinpoints to sunbelt and causing cap rate compression there? Thank you.
Thomas Toomey: First, break that into two questions. What gives us comfort about the pace of the recovery? And I think you start with first and foremost the vaccine. You start with people getting back to work. Those are under way. Okay. The inevitability whether they happen in 1Q '21 or 2Q, it's going to happen, and then its adoption rate, penetration, vaccination type aspect. So, we think that is just the inevitability, and it will happen. Then it's a question for us about what fiscal shape our city is in, what legislative agenda are we faced with? And then you asked the second question was about capital? Well, first, it's pretty easy, when we're trading where we're trading, on the capital side. Our first and foremost is our platform, and then the DCP and then it's going to be swapping, meaning assets that people have an interest in, and you saw what we saw this quarter and, clearly there is more out in the marketplace. If people hit a number, we're glad to let the asset go and try to figure out where the best place to put that capital is. And that environment might be with us for the balance of '21. By '22, we should see some normalcy to the business climate, and the full impact of the stimulus, the employment picture become more clear, and then we can weigh what our options are beyond that. But right now, it really comes down to the day-to-day markers of traffic, concession, occupancy, and pricing, running for our cash flow. And that's not a bad place to be. That's how you manage a recession. You get too far down the road, make too big a bet, and the world turns on you. You don't get rewarded for that. We get rewarded for producing cash flow earnings. That's our focus.
Haendel St. Juste: Got it, Tom. Thank you. And maybe as a follow-up, does that imply perhaps that you'd be more likely to be a net seller here over the next 12, 18 months?
Thomas Toomey: [Indiscernible].
Haendel St. Juste: Fair enough, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman. Please proceed with your question.
Dennis McGill: Alright, thanks guys. Hopefully, a couple of just quick ones. First one, when you look at the effective lease blended rate at 0.6 to 1, that's kind of bracketed for October. Pretty similar to what you saw in the third quarter. Does that hold for all three buckets that you outlined the 20-60-40 earlier, is it essentially stable pricing power, as you look at it that way in those two buckets?
Michael Lacy: I think it does. For us right now, obviously we're dealing with a little bit of seasonality as well. But for the most part now that we have occupancy roughly in the 93% to 94% range in New York. Like I said, we do have some more pockets, where we're coming off of concessions. So we think that we can have a little bit more pricing power there. And then the other parts of the country, we are finding opportunities to push rate and holding occupancy steady. So I would say overall, it's directionally moving that way. Yes.
Dennis McGill: Okay, great. And then supply has obviously taken a backseat to the demand side, off late. But where would you or how would you articulate the supply picture over the next, call it, 12 months, and I guess within that, are you seeing any product either get delayed permanently or temporarily or become harder to finish product with labor availability or easier, any thoughts around the pipeline?
Joseph Fisher: I think overall, we probably would have expected a little bit more slippage this year, than we think we're probably going to end up seeing. Supply this year in our markets has probably end up flat to up 10%. And you think about kind of which markets that is, the worst one is Boston, we talked about LA, San Fran, some of those coastal markets are getting hit a little bit harder. There is not really a lot of relief next year for the portfolio as a whole, as those starts already took place. So red flag's up 10 off of this year's number, and we get into next year. That said, when you look at the submarket exposures, we do actually see some relief, when the supply in our submarkets comes down next year, and then when you get into '22. Clearly that's when the permanent activity that we're seeing today, is going to roll in. So we are going to 15% to 20% within East Coast, West Coast and kind of flattish at [indiscernible], that's where you should see some relief for the coast from a supply perspective once we get to '22.
Dennis McGill: Okay, that's helpful, Joe. Thanks. Good luck, guys.
Joseph Fisher: Thank you, take care.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey for closing comments.
Thomas Toomey: Yes. Real quickly looking at the clock, and knowing that you have a lot more to cover today. First, let me thank you for your interest and time today in UDR. A special thanks go out to all our associates. You guys have done a fabulous job across the spectrum, through a lot of different challenges. I am very proud of the job you've done, and always willing to help, just ask. I mentioned earlier in my remarks, we're very focused on our cash flow, and frankly very proud of the fact that we managed this year, and looking at the net bottom line at last year was $2.08 a share for FFOA, and this year it looks like we are up $2.04. 2% decrease through all the challenges that we've had. And very proud of the team for that production. What it did highlight to me is, we have the portfolio, the team and the track record to perform well in recessionary and challenging environments. And I think that will continue for the future and look forward to it. With that, we wish you the best. Good luck.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today’s teleconference, thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to UDR's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo, you may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website at ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements.  Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give you no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements.  When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to 1 plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that do not get answered during the Q&A session today.  I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR's Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mike Lacy, Senior Vice President of Operations; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results. Senior Executive, Harry Alcock and Matt Cozad will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call.  First, the executive team would like to thank our associates in the field for ensuring UDR's continued strong performance and holding our culture to a high standard through the challenges we have faced these past few months. They are our front-line workers for our company and have definitely adapted to a constantly changing health and regulatory environment, as well as continued the implementation of our next-generation operating platform, all while showing kindness, understanding and accommodation to our residents.  Reflecting on the challenges we have faced over the past 4 months, only strengthens our belief that our next-generation operating platform represents the way that the multifamily business will be managed in the future and will remain a differentiator for UDR for years to come. Throughout this crisis, it has enabled the utilization of a variety of technology solutions to support our associates and engage with residents and have allowed us to take a surgical approach to protect our urban homes, all while continuing to drive controllable expenses. We firmly believe our next-generation operating platform will continue to increase resident satisfaction and engagement, maximize revenues, unlock future cost efficiencies and deliver strong cash flow in years ahead. Operating a diversified portfolio across numerous geographies and price points, affords us a deep and widespread understanding of the market on those. Mike will provide details later in the call as well as a brief business update.  Cash collections as a percentage of billed revenue are strong at 97.5%, with no deterioration in month-over-month trajectory. Physical occupancy remained solid at approximately 96%. Year-over-year, resident turnover declined 620 basis points during the second quarter. And traffic continued to show well versus last year. These are just a few of the positive sides and an indication that our business is on solid footing to perform relatively well in the future.  It would be easy to rush back into reinstating guidance. But for any guidance range to be useful, we need evidence that core stability in the regulatory environment we face case loads and the impact they have on the cadence of reopening as well as more insights into the economic impact of currently unemployment.  Nevertheless, we have a sound strategy and a team to effectively manage through these uncertain times and are in a position of strength moving forward. Our balance sheet remains healthy with nearly $1 billion in available liquidity. Our dividend is secure, and thanks to our next-generation operating platform, we have the tools to meet all resident expectations as well as enhanced margin and increased shareholder value.  With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Lacy: Thanks, Don, and good afternoon. Starting with second quarter results. Our combined fee store NOI declined by 4% year-over-year, driven by a revenue decline of 2.1% and an expense increase of 2.1%. While not the results we expect coming into 2020, I'm encouraged by blended lease rate growth staying positive during the quarter. Traffic volume remaining above last year at the same time and turnover continuing to trend better than a year ago, all of which help us preserve our rent roll for future periods.  On Page 3 of our press release, we have included details on the sequential and year-over-year decline we realized in our second quarter 2020 combined same-store revenue results.  As you can see, gross rents were positive versus the prior period. However, primary drivers of the 2.1% year-over-year revenue decline included: first, concessions were generally elevated during the quarter, while particularly in urban areas of coastal markets where they reached upwards of 8 weeks at some of. This compares to the market that reopened more quickly with concessions between 2 to 4 weeks on average. Typically, we would see minimal concessions on stabilized assets during peak leasing season. But COVID has been anything but typical with concessions driving a 50 basis point negative contribution to our year-over-year combined same-store revenue.  Second, our physical occupancy declined 50 basis points year-over-year in the second quarter. However, the reletting of approximately 150 corporate units during the quarter in primarily higher coastal market drove second quarter economic occupancy down by an additional 50 basis points. In total, lower economic occupancy accounted for 100 basis points of our year-over-year decline in combined same-store revenue. Importantly, our remaining corporate are well cap, thereby reducing forward economic risks associated with the homes.  Third, our fee income was disrupted due to regulatory constraints and will likely remain that way until the regulatory environment changes. This had a 50 basis point negative impact on year-over-year combined same-store revenue growth.  The final negative driver of the year-over-year decline in combined same-store revenue growth was a bad debt reserve totaling $4.5 million, which negatively impacted our results by 170 basis points. As mentioned in last night's press release, as on our bad debt accrual, second quarter combined same-store revenue and NOI growth would have been negative 0.4% and negative 1.3%, respectively.  Moving on to recent operating terms. On Page 4 of our press release, you can see that blended lease rate growth remained positive during the quarter. Cash collections held up well and more recent traffic and applications continue to compare favorably versus 2019. Additionally, annualized turnover during the second quarter was 620 basis points lower year-over-year, which, along with our next-gen operating platform initiative, limit expense. Our teams in the field and their execution of our surgical approach to pricing homes to serve as much of the credit for generating these resilient results.  Next, high level second quarter operating trends by geography and price volumes include across all of our markets our suburban community generally outperformed urban communities in terms of occupancy, new lease rate growth, renewal rate growth and traffic, more specifically. Physical occupancy in our urban portfolio averaged 96.9% during the quarter compared to 94.6% in our urban community.  Occupancy in certain urban areas of coastal markets experienced the most pressure due to corporate lease exposure and short-term mobility trends because of work-from-home landing. Traffic and turnover remained better at our suburban community. Great growth in our suburban portfolio outpaced our urban portfolio at 1.3% versus negative 30 basis points.  Any questions generally followed on regulation with Los Angeles, Boston and New York. These urban versus suburban trends are similar when analyzing our portfolio across different quality. B quality outperformed A quality and some performed and to similar magnitude as the suburban verse results.  Turning to July. We have not yet closed the book on a month but we expect physical occupancy to average 95.5% to 95.8%. Blended lease rate growth to be flat to down 50 basis points and billed revenue to range around $105 million. As shown on Page 4 of our press release, month-to-month build revenue vary by a couple of million dollars during the quarter due to, one, the timing of some fee and other income items; two, regulatory restrictions that impacted our operations; and three, an increased number of lease expirations in further hit higher ramp submarkets, such as Manhattan, San Francisco proper and Downtown. Moving forward, we expect that gross revenue will continue to be some of until emergency regulations are relaxed, and there's more visibility around office reopenings in [indiscernible].  Now market level results. Demand characteristics in our market have generally neared the [indiscernible] of each market's real, with those markets that had more spective and durable stay homeowners dying mills which. Throughout the pandemic, our nimble approach to pricing our partner in as maximize revenue growth, an important differentiator given that every market has reacted different to, highlighting some specific markets. Nashville, Selina and our Texas market exhibited the strongest price during the second quarter, New York, San Francisco and Boston, with market rents down in the middle to single-digit range. Positively, we have seen markets such as Orlando, Tampa and Orange county proved to be quite resilient throughout the pandemic despite their high exposure to hospitality in retail. We attribute this to our largely suburban and following portfolio markets. New York, San Francisco, both markets that experienced an increase in annualized turnover during the quarter as a result of short-term mobility trends due to work-from-home mandate as well as corporate lease exposure. While residents continue to pay rent, some have allowed their leases to expire and they will revisit the living situation once fiscal job requirements and the time line for office reopenings are better defined. Lower traffic levels in these markets due to more cumbersome regulation has resulted in generally lower occupancy, which has driven higher concession levels. However, mirroring the theme across all of our markets, our beet quality assets are outperforming our rate and suburban communities are outperforming. A good example of this is New York and for occupancy at point in Brooklyn and our One William deal in New Jersey remain in the high 90s.  Moving up to nearly $2 billion of community acquisitions we have made start of 2019 continue to perform relatively well, with cumulative NOI these communities currently tracking above our original underwriting.  Finally, I want to thank our governmental affairs and legal teams for their dedicated work back and day-to-day regulatory changes across our market, being able to efficiently and effectively communicate our comprehensive understanding of eviction moratorium, rent regulation and other regulatory changes to our team in the field has been critical as we continue to surgically price our Park Homes portfolio wise. And to my colleagues in the field, I thank you for your hard work and adaptability and daily changes in regulatory restrictions into our operating strategies. Your jobs have not been, but I appreciate all that you do.  And now I'd like to turn over the call to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone. Echoing Tom's comments, our success in today's operating environment would not be possible without our next-generation operating platform. Because we were early in transitioning to an online self-service model, we have benefited from our associates with the enhanced technological tools that our platform provides, including the installation of nearly 37,000 smart homes, which improve operational efficiency and increase resident engagement. These resources have been paramount to our success over the past 4 months given social distancing requirements and state shutdowns.  From a resident perspective, the platform increases ease of use and delivers a self-service model, which has become the new everyday standard in many aspects of our resident slides. From a financial perspective, the platform drives more dollars to our bottom line by expanding our controllable operating margin. This accomplished through efficiency gains via the centralization of certain functions, outsourcing of others, utilization of self-service and the integration of Big Data.  Our focus on achieving these goals has not wavered. I'm proud to say that despite combined same-store revenue declining in the second quarter due to COVID-19, our controlled operating margin remained flat at 84.3%. This was driven by a 2% reduction in total expenses versus a year ago. In particular, combined personnel and repair maintenance costs declined by 1.1% year-over-year, and we realized significant savings in administrative and marketing expenses.  Prior to the pandemic, platform implementation has driven approximately 80 basis points of expansion in our controllable operating margin or nearly half of our stated goals 150 to 200 basis point improvement by the end of 2022. While COVID constrained further margin growth in the second quarter, we're still well ahead of where we would have been without our next-generation operating platform and continue to see long-term benefits, such as a 23% life-to-day production in headcount through natural attrition, a 28% improvement in controllable NOI per associate and a 15% increase in resident satisfaction as measured by NPS scores.  We have realized approximately 60% of our staffing level efficiencies to date and expect to capture the remaining 40% once our customer self-service technology rolls out for the next two years.  Looking ahead, we are rolling out the next phase of our self-service smart device app for residents that will continue to mitigate the need is in our on-site offices, shifting self-guided tours to a web interface versus an app to increase ease of use and integrating more data by supported revenue growth and expense reduction opportunities into our platform. I look forward to updating you on our progress on future calls as we continue to innovate the years ahead.  Bottom line, our next-gen operating platform has allowed us to run rises efficiently and successfully throughout the crisis and puts UDR in a position of strength as we move beyond COVID. A big thank you to everyone in the field and in corporate are continuing to push forward and make our platform success.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jeo.
Joseph Fisher: Thank you, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our second quarter results, an overview of our bad debt reserves and a balance sheet and liquidity update, inclusive of recent transactions and capital markets activity.  Our second quarter FFO as adjusted per share of $0.51 declined by only $0.01 or less than 2% year-over-year. This $0.03 sequential decrease in FFO per share was primarily driven by $9 million in total company bad debt reserves with $5.5 million of this from residential and $3.5 million from retail, in addition to lower property revenue due to occupancy, concessions and fees, partially offset by lower G&A.  Regarding guidance, as Tom mentioned, we are not reinstituting our full year 2020 guidance outlook at this time, given continued uncertainty around how the coronavirus pandemic will impact the economy and our business. However, as disclosed in our press release, and as Mike discussed, we have presented an operating update to provide stakeholders with additional insights into recent trends.  On to collections and how we are reserving for potential bad debt. As we outlined in our operating update on Page 4 of last night's release, during the second quarter, we built $322.6 million of revenue. As of quarter end, we had collected 96.1% of that revenue, leaving $12.5 million uncollected. We established a bad debt reserve against that uncollected revenue and the amount of $5.5 million or 1.7% of billed revenue. Since quarter end, we have collected additional cash towards second quarter billings, increasing our collection percentage to 97.5%. That leaves our total billed, but not yet collected revenue at $8 million, which set against the $5.5 million reserve, which is $2.5 million or less than $0.01 per share of recognized revenue that has not yet been collected.  We are comfortable with this level of recognized but not yet collected revenue based on our assessment of collection trends, interactions with our residents and the probability of future collections, including approximately $0.5 million of outstanding second quarter rent subject to payment plans that we expect to collect.  Moving on. Our balance sheet remains strong due to ongoing efforts to reduce debt costs, improve liquidity, extended duration and enhance cash flow. As such, we are in a position of strength to weather the continued effects of COVID-19 and the downturn that has accompanied us. So highlights include: first, as of June 30, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, net of our commercial paper balance, was $974 million. When accounting for the roughly $105 million of previously announced forward equity sales agreements, we have nearly $1.1 billion in available capital. Second, the refinancing of our final 2020 debt maturity will close at month end, after which we will have no consolidated debt scheduled to mature through 2022 when excluding principal amortization and amounts on our credit facilities. Additionally, subsequent to quarter end, we issued $400 million, 12-year unsecured debt at an interest rate of 2.1%. Proceeds were used to prepay $246 million of our 4.64% secured debt originally scheduled to mature in 2023 as well as complete our previously announced tender for $117 million, up 3.75% and unsecured debt originally due in 2024. All of these actions have improved our liquidity profile and duration.  Looking further ahead, when excluding balances on our credit facilities, less than 15% of our consolidated debt is scheduled to mature through 2024. Please see attachment 4B of our supplement for further details on our debt maturity profile.  Third, identified 2020 uses of capital and predominantly consist of funding our current development and redevelopment pipelines. The aggregate cost for these projects totals only $308 million or less than 2% of enterprise value, and they are nearly 50% funded with approximately $157 million remaining capital spend over the next several years.  Fourth, our dividend remains secure and is well covered by cash flow from operations. Based on second quarter 2020 AFFO per share of $0.47, our dividend payout ratio was 77%. This implies that our earnings would need to decrease by an additional 20% before approaching cash flow parity.  Taken together, our balance sheet is in great shape. Our liquidity position is strong, and our fourth sources and uses remain very manageable, as is detailed on attachment 15 of our supplement.  Next, the transactions update. First, as previously announced, we sold 2 communities in the Greater Seattle area where combined $143 million at a low 4% cap rate, reflecting pre-COVID pricing. Second, subsequent to quarter end, we funded a $40 million DC commitment for a community in Queens, New York at a 13% yield and with profit participation on a liquidity event, which we expect to occur at approximately 5 years. Construction of the community began 8 months ago and is fully capitalized, including $62 million of developer equity or approximately 18% of the $342 million total project cost.  UDR's investment provides enhanced economics compared to prefilled deals and effectively backfills the upcoming 2021 maturity of our mezzanine loan on the portal in Washington, D.C. which carries an 11% yield and no profit participation.  Moving forward, we remain highly selective with where and how we choose to invest your capital with a focus on both current yield as well as future value creation.  Wrapping up, as is evident on attachment 4C of our supplement, we have substantial capacity before we reached noncompliance with our line of credit or unsecured bond covenants. As of quarter end, our consolidated financial leverage was 34.2% on undepreciated book value, and 30.6% on enterprise value, inclusive of joint ventures. Consolidated net debt to EBITDAre was 6.2x and inclusive of joint ventures was 6.3x, which was slightly elevated due to the still outstanding settlements of our forward ATM proceeds.  With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nicholas Joseph: It's obviously a dynamic operating environment. But how do you think about the pricing strategy between offering concessions or holding rates and having potentially lower occupancy?
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry. I'll take that one. I would tell you, we've strategically elected to utilize concessions rather than take significant rental rate cuts on new leases in order to maximize and I'm going to repeat that maximize both near-term and long-term results. Keeping lease rates higher, we preserved our rent roll for 2021, which is a key factor in why we did this. Because we take concessions upfront for same-store reporting purposes, we incur the charges at the beginning of the lease term. This is consistent with how we have historically reported and accounted for concessions. We elected during the second quarter to offer no concession, but instead reduce stated rents by an equivalent amount. Our same-store revenue would have been more than 100 basis points higher than we reported. Using our strategy, the difference will be made up over the remaining lease term, and we'll be in a better position at the time of renewal than we would have then if we just cut rate.  To give an example of how this works. I think a lot of people get it. But if you had 2 units and each -- and one was priced at $3,000 per month and 2 months free rent, the second was priced at $2,500 per month and no concession. Both result in 12 months of revenue of $30,000 or effectively at $2,500. In the first 3 months, the unit with the concession would recognize revenue of $3,000 compared to $7,500 for the unit with no concession. And over the next 9-month period, the unit with the concession will pay rent that's $4,500 higher cumulatively. So as we look at it, obviously, we like to keep occupancy at a pretty significant level, like, was in the '96s during the quarter, dropped a bit in July. But when we look at our pricing strategy to maximize that revenue, we elected to go more with the concessions so that when you get to next year, we're going into with higher rent roll, that we'll be able to apply renewal rates too. I think Joe's going to add something if I know a lot of this sector does concessions on a straight-line basis. And I think Joe can walk you through what we would look at with that.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Perfect. Maybe just some additional clarifications. Jerry gave the example there that if we had simply shifted strategy from our current approach of giving concessions to no concessions in 2Q, but keeping the gap -- the cash reporting methodology that we have for same store, that would have been the up 100 basis points. If we continue to utilize the same concessionary strategy that we have been utilizing, the switch from cash reporting to GAAP reporting or straight-line reporting, we would have had about a 40 to 50 basis point better same-store number. So I just want to clarify that. So take us from a 2.1%, down up to about 1.7% to 1.6% down in same-store revenue on a year-over-year basis.
Nicholas Joseph: That's very helpful. And then maybe just in terms of -- in the past, we've talked a lot about your investment model and kind of trying to make better decisions around MSA exposure. I recognize in the near-term, maybe external growth will be a little more muted. But if and when you return to that, how the ability of that model to be dynamic, given all of the changes that we've seen in different MSAs over the last, call it, 6 months?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. It is -- I'll kick it off, and then maybe some others may have some thoughts on this as well. But I'd say one thing we've obviously learned over time and throughout this downturn is diversification is key. So diversification remains a core part of the portfolio strategy. Everything we're seeing today in terms of ability to withstand downturns in certain submarkets, certain markets overall or even A versus B continues to hold true and support the idea of being diversified in nature. So no change there. The quantitative process or the predictive analytics process we've talked about has always been supplemented by the qualitative overlay. And so the idea, both of them is simply that helps you avoid what I'll recent buyers or mentality or kind of got reaction that, I would say, is pretty prevalent in today's environment. And so we continue to have those tools to lean on. I think as we continue to get more data in, obviously, it will influence the quantitative model.  But there's a lot of news out there that we're going to spend time thinking about. There's the binary outcome of place with the vaccine and what that may mean to reopenings and closings in markets. I think the regulatory environment, clearly, more prevalent today than it's been in the past. Things like fiscal health and some of the budgetary shortfalls that you've seen trying to understand those and how municipalities try to correct for that and solve for those shortfalls through different forms of taxation. Ultimately, income migration, trying to figure out where those jobs are going to shift to, if they do, in fact, shift at all. So that's all we're going to come into play. I think the piece that's always forgot about it here. We've talked about a pasta just second derivative flow of capital. At the end of the day, you're going to see supply shift. And you're seeing it today when you look at the permanent start activity, you can look at West, permits are down about 30% from where they were, east down 20-plus percent, both generally flat up 10%. So I think there's already been an outcome on the supply side or is trending towards that shows a shift in capital, and that's an offset to where we think demand is going to be and balances out the rent impact. So I can give you some thoughts. I think at the end of the day, we got to remain patient. Remember, ultimately, we'll see where we come out on the other side of this.
Christopher Van Ens: Nick, this is Chris Ens. I just wanted to add 1 or 2 other things on that. I think it's important to note, Joe talked about the quantitative versus the qualitative. on the qualitative side of our portfolio strategy process, we were already incorporating variables like regulatory environment, fiscal health, spoke to market desirability, affordability, et cetera. So as we're kind of digging into out, maybe some of these trends are changing and seeing where they go, both near-term and long term, that's really just going to augment what we already have out there. So I think we're already a little bit ahead of the curve when we're thinking about some of these things. And now we're just seeing how those variables are going to change going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore.
Richard Hightower: I guess just a follow-up on that prior question. As far as the contribution to the investment process from predictive analytics and some of the particulars there. Look, clearly, the sands are shifting in a lot of ways as you guys have described and alluded to, but you're still investing and making capital allocation decisions on the buy and the sell side. And so are recent deals or deals in the pipeline currently, are those more deal-specific and just about the economics of that particular transaction? Or is there still sort of that macro or predictive analytics overlay that you take into account understanding that COVID is sort of wrecking all the models as we sit here and talk about it?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Rich, yes, I'd say, historically, we had always had the 2 pillars of the organization to lean on main. The operational platform and all the pieces that go with that as well as the transactional platform and the value created through either a buy or sell a development or DCP. So those haven't changed. So I think when you reference what's in the pipeline today? And are we leaning more on just good old fashion? What can we do on the operational side? Can we make good deals? And what are the economics of those deals? It's probably a little bit more so of that and a little bit more so diverse in terms of the markets that we're looking at today than we have in the past. So trying to figure out opportunities, such as what you saw with the burn and DCP deal. We're not making a bet on New York necessarily and putting a stake in the ground and saying, we're going to, to a large degree, expand our New York exposure. This is a very strong return for the risk that we're taking.  It's one of the few areas that we've seen disruption in this environment, meaning the mezzanine lending space, the construction lending space and the LP equity, the fund development has been disrupted. So us being able to go out there and take advantage of a deal, and you see the returns on that 13% pref. Most of our participating deals that we've done over the last couple of years has been in the 8%, 10%, 9% pref range. So again, another 400 basis points of pref as well as upside participation on a deal that we have $60 million of equity is a little bit lower in the stack than some of the other DCP deals we've done and also from a start standpoint, started 8, 9 months ago. So you could derisk the time line, derisk the buyout and the cost, et cetera. So net-net, I wouldn't take that from a capital allocation standpoint as they bet on New York, it's a safe bet on the return that we think has been derisk to a degree.
Richard Hightower: Okay. Yes, that's helpful color, Joe. And maybe just to add another quick question on concessions and bad debt accounting. So first of all, did something change about the way you accounted for bad debt or maybe pulled forward some of the write-offs during 2Q? Just any changes quarter-over-quarter that we should be aware of? And then likewise, on the concession side, what drives the choice to go to cash accounting versus a more traditional straight line, just so we understand the decision-making there?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Understood. So I wouldn't say there's necessarily been a change to the approach, but we have definitely enhanced our approach as we view the collectability of build rents in this environment. Historically, our approach has been that upon a fiction, we would write-off that rents and then go to basically a cash basis recognition of revenue on a go-forward basis. In this environment, given that we're dealing with a completely different regulatory environment than any of us have ever seen, meaning that you have very extended fiction moratoriums. You have extended payback plans in certain markets, such as California, Oregon, Seattle, DC, et cetera, we thought we needed to enhance that process and really try to understand down to the resident level what was their financial situation, what type of regulatory environment are we in with that individual, what has been their payment history, et cetera. So I would say we just put a more robust process around this. We did have write-offs in the quarter as we typically would as individuals move out. But those are hindered by the fact that moratorium are in place. So the 1.7% or $5.5 million reserve that we put up, we thought that was a very prudent reserve given the number of unknown items that are out there today. So while it's supported by the high degree of collections that we've seen in April that we disclosed and the number of payback plans and we have a number of individuals that continue to put forth efforts to collect, we did think that was the appropriate reserve. I do think -- hopefully, one thing that came out of my commentary was the subsequent collections that we had in July, which continue to away that the accounts receivable balance that we have out there. So we are down to about $2.5 million of recognized but not yet received revenue. I think that's important to think about from your perspective in terms of much risk is out there to the revenue that we've reported. So less than $0.01 per share, only about $2.5 million at this point in time, and we do expect to continue to get collections in over time.  In terms of the second piece of the question, concessions and recognizing those on a cash basis, it is consistent with how we've always approached that. We felt that giving investors the view of cash recognition gives you the best view of what's going on in the market today. It is in compliance with GAAP. It's a non-GAAP metric. And so therefore, we don't have to align perfectly, although we do report on NOI overall and adjust for straight-line per GAAP. So everything there is compliant, as you would expect. So it's complied with this historical approach, no change there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Just getting back on that last point around bad debt. Do we start to see rent collections improvement in the coming months as the non-payers are those impacted by COVID either begin to vacate or you no longer factor them in to, I guess, maybe the build rent number? Like how do the numbers work from that perspective as we think about -- when you report the collection data going forward?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I think where you're going, Austin, and correct me if I'm wrong, what do you say the non-payers-related COVID. So what we affectionately refer to as squatters here. As those individuals turn in their keys or decide to skip on us or the moratoriums come off as they have in about 20% of our markets. As we can move through that process, those rents may be written off, but they basically net against the reserve that we've put up. So we would not expect a future negative impact to revenue. We've already effectively incorporated through the reserve, we think this quarter for those rents that we previously built.
Austin Wurschmidt: Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate the thoughts there. Just switching gears a little bit there. So during this past cycle, you guys have been opportunistic on various initiatives on the short-term rentals and rentals, corporate leases. So I'm just curious, if you're reconsidering any of these initiatives, given some of the volatility in those income streams you've seen during the downturn? And what do you think that income stream looks like on a go-forward basis?
Michael Lacy: Austin, this is Mike. I'll take that. Just to be clear, and I'll back up a little bit. The miss to our other income this quarter was around $1.3 million and it had an impact of negative 0.5% to our total revenue. And just to put it in perspective, again, we have about $10 million in other income. It's 10% of our total revenues and other income was down about 3.5%. So some of these initiatives that we've been very successful at executing over the years, they did take a small hit during the quarter.  And I can tell you the short-term furnace program was about $900,000, our common areas that was about $250,000. And aside from that, our late fees, which were more regulatory mandates put in place, that was down $1.1 million. So when you look at that total, it's around $2.3 million. On the flip side, the parking initiative that we put into play about 2 years ago continues to do well, and that was actually up $500,000 year-over-year, and our transfer lease break fees we're also about $500,000. So in total, we're off, again, by $1.3 million, and some of our more sticky initiatives continue to do well. And we think when things bounce back, we get a vaccine, we did expect that the short-term furnace program as well as our common areas we'll bounce back, too.
Austin Wurschmidt: And what about some of the others that maybe you don't call into other income like the corporate items and furnished rentals?
Michael Lacy: Can you repeat that, Austin?
Austin Wurschmidt: Yes, sure. Maybe some of the other items that don't fall into the other intent bucket, but are still more unique initiatives like the furnished rentals or the corporate leases, are you rethinking those at all?
Thomas Toomey: I don't think so. I think right now, with business travel stalled out, obviously, as Mike just said, we've taken a step back. We do believe that once the economy gets going, the vaccines back in play or is out there, that you'll see short-term rentals come back into play. So right now, again, it's a line of the business that did very well for us for a couple of years. Right now, we -- I think we continue to have a little over 100 residents and short-term first rentals, but that is down from what it was last year. It will continue to be a drag this year. But I think it's a business that served us well, helped us have outsized occupancy compared to peers. And when times are good, it's a good business to be in.
Unidentified Company Representative: Austin, this is. A little bit of color. It's been good to have the resource on that side of events for corporate rental as an example. Because we can swing that crew, that team around and work renewals we're pricing. So they're familiar with our system, familiar with our products. It's actually given us a boost in terms of resources that we can pivot. The day will come that those businesses will reemerge and they're pivot back to that. And we don't think we're miss a beat when that opportunity. And it's going to be market by market, opening up that gives us that capability.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Stevenson with Janney Montgomery.
Robert Stevenson: Talk about where the biggest pieces of the new leases that you're currently signing are coming from? Is that people trading down by price point? Or people trading up by unit size within the same market? The people moving from urban to suburban, people moving from the Northeast to the Sunbelt or people living with roommates going solo? Can you characterize where the biggest chunks of your new leases are coming from?
Michael Lacy: Yes. Rob, it's Mike. I would tell you one of the biggest trends we've seen over the last few months is our occupancy on our studios, that is a little lower than what we're seeing in our 1s and 2s. So what I referenced on our other income, our transfers are up. It's because we're seeing people doubling up in some cases. But as far as migratory patterns and things of that nature, we're not necessarily seeing people coming from different markets. There's still within their own markets. We're seeing them jump around in.
Trent Trujillo: Yes. I do think you're seeing a bit of movement from urban over to suburban. I think when Mike looks at our New York portfolio, for example, our Deal One William is doing quite a bit better than our downtown Manhattan. You're seeing as you go down to Silicon Valley, some movement from Soma down there for pricing reasons as well as to escape some density. But we're not seeing people totally leave the major markets.
Robert Stevenson: Okay. Helpful. And then given Joe's comment earlier about investment. Are you guys willing to take your exposure to DCP higher if you could continue to get 12%, 13% returns? How are you guys thinking about that versus acquisitions or your development starts at this point in the cycle and given what you're experiencing on the operations side?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Rob, so just to put the sizing of DCP in context, we have disclosure on 12a where we stand today. So you can see on 12B, we're sitting right around $420 million of exposure. I think we're adding burden for $40 million. We got about $10 million of funding remaining for 1,000 Oaks. But you do have 2 negative adjustments to that to take off. Portals out in D.C. for about $50 million that will be coming out sometime in the first half of next year. In addition, while we show it on this page, it's not really a traditional D.C. deal. As we've talked about in the past, it's up in Bellevue, Washington for $140 million or so of accrued total balance. That was really a long with a purchase option.  So we call it bridge loan to get into that purchase option sometime in most likely first half of '21 as well. So once you adjust for all those factors, while we're doing burden, you had those other guys out, we're about a $300 million DCP portfolio. We've consistently talked about being willing to go above $300 million, i.e., the $350 million, $400 million range. So I think as we continue to find opportunities, we've been opportunistic at pivoting in the past between things like DCP, shrinking development on appropriate, shifting to acquisitions, when we have a cost of equity and even doing buyback previously. So I think we'll keep looking for opportunities. And as I said earlier, this is one of the few areas that you're seeing distress, just given that stabilized operating assets financing market is very well and function into that, and you're just really not seeing the stress on that side of the pricing environment. So I think we're happy to do more of that if we can find opportunities.
Robert Stevenson: And how does that evaluate versus an incremental dollar above $400 million there versus an incremental dollar of a 6% development or a 4.5% acquisition? How does that for you guys from a risk and from a long-term standpoint of the portfolio, sort of -- how are you thinking about that?
Jerry Davis: On the risk returns on DCP today makes the most sense, given that you do have the yield where your location is in the stack. And the fact that there is some distress in that area that allows us to get outsized returns relative to the rest that we're taking. Then products got down to development where we previously delayed 2 projects, the Turban West 3 down in Dallas as well as unit market out in D.C. To get a little bit more visibility on this environment, we've been able to whittle out some cost there. So we probably are going to have starts in the next quarter or 2 on those 2, which combination, about $200 million of additional starts. So I would put those as the next spectrum. And then acquisitions being last, although you really have to whittle through and talk about what type of acquisition you're thinking about, i.e., which markets are you thinking about a lease-up where a developer may want to get out of it earlier and maybe we're willing to take that dilution and that lease-up risk, but get it at a discounted price. So there's cost to every deal that we're going to look at. So we're not going to redline any piece of the investment spectrum.
Thomas Toomey: Rob, this is Toomey. I would emphasize that the one aspect of capital deployment. That is first and foremost, in our mind, is the platform and the value that it creates not just to deal with this environment. But the fact is it will be by de facto probably the way business is conducted in this business going forward. And so the quicker we get that fully implemented and the enhancements in a version 2 as arrowing those up today, I see that as the real differentiator with respect to capital deployment and implementation. The other items come and go. The good news, we've got 20 markets to look at for opportunities. We weigh them against what we think of the market, what we think against the opportunity, and Joe gave you a pretty good insight into our Waterfall of where things fall out in that scheme. The platform is the most critical piece of our capital deployment and execution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with Capital One.
Neil Malkin: There has been a resurgence of COVID cases over the last months. I'm just wondering if you can talk about how leasing foot traffic has performed or faired with those cases rise? And maybe you can talk about that in the context of your coastal suburban portfolio?
Michael Lacy: Neil, it's Mike. I can take that. Just generally speaking, our traffic and ad count for the month of July is up around 9% and 7%, respectively. And we did see a little bit of an impact as in the. We were seeing upwards of 15% to 20% at times year-over-year increases in traffic. And when that second wave, if you will, came about in those markets, it was still above year-over-year, probably closer to that 5% to 10% range. But that being said, in some of our other markets, they started to get better. And what we're seeing today is similar. So when you go coast over Sunbelt, I'll tell you, our traffic today coastal, down about 20%. And our Sun Belt is up around 8%. And when you look at the urban verse suburban, traffic is down around 12% to 13% and suburban, it's still positive 7% to 10%.
Neil Malkin: Okay. Great. Next one I had is related to -- everything going on in the coast, but look at Portland, Seattle, New York, some of these markets are meaningful NOI contributors. I mean there's been significant violent rise, cash, all these things happening. I'm just wondering how, a, you deal with that as a company is in an industry? And b, are you seeing an increase in people sort of moving out because of those things or exiting those reasons, citing that as a reason to move out, seeing an impact in operating fundamentals in any way? Kind of talk about all those things going on, it seems to get more extreme and not less?
Thomas Toomey: Yes, Neil, it's a very good question and one we debate here. And you're trying to operate a company and be compassionate and thoughtful about your interactions with each individual resident. And I think Mike and the entire team have been very accommodating whether that's payment plans or people wanting to move or health reasons. And that's the first place to start. The second, I would disclose, is a challenging -- no question about it. We have weekly calls with the entire associates in the field in Denver and talk through some of the challenges that they're facing on the ground and reassuring that we're going to help them through it. Their safety is first in paramount than our residents. So you manage through that, and that has taken a great deal of time and at the same time, I'm very grateful for the people, if you will, adapting to that environment, which may persist for some period of time, but I do note that the election is over in 3.5 months, COVID will be cured, there will be a vaccine.  And on a long-term basis, we think that the troubles and struggles we have with Joe and Chris have highlighted with respect to the portfolio is people are not going to live in neighborhoods that aren't safe, whatever the political affiliation, whatever. And so honing in on when that piece of the equation get solved and how it gets solved. And will it be solved before the election? Probably not. But we're hopeful it is. If it's not, we're prepared to deal with that. I think it does finally settle itself when there is more communication rationally and things return to a normal cycle and then these cities that are challenged today. When they get their security, their safety solve their transportation, we're all waiting for the vaccine to help us get to the next level.  It doesn't change the long-term dynamic of people wanting and choosing their lifestyle, their balance. So I do believe the urban cities will reemerge. Can't put a timetable on it. But I know the factors that need to be in place for that to happen, and that's what we're honing in on.
Neil Malkin: No, I appreciate that. I guess just the other part of that question is, are you seeing -- or are you able to discern a different in leasing or setting reasons to move out as some of those issues going on? Or is it kind of harder to that out?
Jerry Davis: Yes. So a couple of things there, Neil. First of all, no real image to the properties, and we're very thankful that none of our residents and to our associates. We're hard in any of these demonstrations. So that was kind of the first thing. And as far as move-outs, we do track that very closely. We haven't really seen any impact from this and not really seeing on the traffic either. So far, it's been minimal impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Sumit here in for Nick. Couple of questions. One, related to the provision or the reserves that you took. How much of that is related to tenants who requested deferments versus potential credit risks identified by your internal analysis? And then how much of the delinquencies are related to corporate tenants as well as students?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. We'll probably have to follow-up with a little bit more of that detail. But in terms of the payment plans you referenced, we do have approximately $0.5 million related to 2Q, $0.5 million related to 2Q that is on payment plans in the accounts receivable. So it does get locked in there but higher profitability placed on that given payment history from those individuals. The most -- the biggest reserves being taken against by market, it's going to be about 80% in our top 6 markets. Meaning L.A., San Fran, D.C., Orange County, New York and Boston. So the bigger markets or the markets that have more regulatory. Meaning if you take L.A. as an example, that's over 10% of our accounts receivable and a much bigger portion of the reserve, but it's only about a 4% market for us. So certain markets that have more delinquency due to regulatory issues are going to garner more than their lion's share relative to the percentage of the portfolio that they have.
Thomas Toomey: That's interesting, and we've talked about over a number of investors over the last couple of months on calls. Thanks, for example, what's going to happen when the eviction much moratoriums lifted. And to put it in context today, the number of people that if we have the right to go to eviction would be 2%, about 800, okay? So it's not a big number, and there's not a tsunami of eviction pending, but an interesting data point. Mike operations in Florida, there was a 72-hour window where we could move to eviction and we filed. There were 75 residents on that list at the time. And 2/3 of them showed up paid immediately, okay? The other 1/3 said, "Hey, I want to enter into a plan." So I think that same dynamic. I don't know if those percentages will hold, but we're somewhat hopeful that when we can proceed to enforce the contract, we will be compassionate about it. We will try to work with people. But if that is not the case, we expect some have already saved up the money and/or have other means to do so, and they're just using this flow for a variety of other reasons. We'll find out. Florida then to put the eviction moratorium back on and we're complied with the loss. So it's hard for us. I think we've been cautious about the AR balance and the related reserve. And I think that's prudent on our part. We'll see how it plays out.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. And I guess the background on this question was more around something you just spoke about, which is that delinquencies are usually not related to credit risk or default risk overall. I was just wondering at what time do you guys internally say these group of tenants become a part of the reserve or the provision? Because historically, it happened when somebody walked in and said, "I can't pay this month." So I'm just trying to get a sense of that. I think any color you could provide could be good on that?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. So we took what I'll call a three-pronged approach to that and came out at a number of different ways, given the unknowns that exist in this environment and trying to make sure we got to the correct place at the end of the day. We look at it from a typical age receivables approach, where if you were over 2 months delinquent, you had the greatest restore to you. If you were less than that and had been making efforts to make payments, then you would have less and so on and so forth. We looked at it down to the market level of trying to go down to each resident. What is their payment history, what is their AR, and what type of market are they from a regulatory standpoint and adjusting for that. And then we get a very high level top-down approach as well. So you triangulate through all those, and they all came out to about that same place. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of, call it, the robustness of the process overall and comfort that we got to the right place.
Unidentified Analyst: That's really great. And one last one further me. In terms of concession activity, could you help us understand what unit types that 1-bedroom studios, 2 bed, 3 bed? And possibly, what market related to the side are being in are seeing the biggest amount of concession activity?
Michael Lacy: Sure, Mike. I think what you're going to see is when you go to markets and you go down to that property level, which we've stated before, our surgical approach is you're going to see the concession on all of those unit types. So in places like New York and San Francisco, where the concessionary environment is higher. We are seeing it across the board. That being said, I mentioned earlier on one of the questions that our studios are down more than others. So we're running around 91% occupied on our studio units. And in some cases, we're trying to move those, and we may be doing loss leaders, things like that, just to try to get those leased and moved before the fall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Richard Hill: Quick question for me. Looking at your effective new -- or your effective renewal lease rate growth, it's pretty impressive, particularly given the down in turnover. So I'm wondering if you could just revisit your strategy for duals across. I think you talked about this to some degree on your last earnings call. But just an update as to how you're thinking about that? And if you're thinking about each market individually?
Michael Lacy: Sure. Thanks for the question. Just to go back to the beginning of kind of cover and what we did, we elected to go out at market at that time. And since then, about 20% of our NOI has been regulated to the point where we have to send out 0% increase. So that means 80% of our NOI, the ability to push to market. So you have the regulatory environment than what we're having and seeing today is what's happening in the markets when they're very concessionary market rents are coming down, we're having to negotiate to some degree. That being said, we had pushed our renewals, and I can tell you, it's between 2.5% to 3% that has been sent out through September. I expect we come in probably about 50 basis points less than that, just based on negotiations and again, the fact that there could be more regulatory restrictions put on us. But it does differ by market. It goes as low as 0% to as high as 5.5%.
Richard Hill: Got it. And if we think about your July commentary that effective rents -- combined effective rents are going to be flat to down 50 basis points. I'm sorry if you gave this. But can we assume that the renewals are going to be in the same range and that maybe slight downtick in negative tax territory is going to be driven by new leases?
Michael Lacy: Yes, I think that's fair. What we're seeing is very similar to what we saw in June. So I would tell you, our new lease growth is probably somewhere between negative 3% to negative 4%, while our renewal growth should hang in there, probably closer to 2.5% to 3%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC.
Richard Anderson: So you guys are too nice. I have a tenant. She was 10 minutes -- 10 days late. She is 70 years old, just currently washing my car.
Thomas Toomey: I don't know what the analogy was.
Richard Anderson: So you know the analogy when you're getting chased by bear, you don't feel you fast the bear, you have it faster than the people that you're with. And I'm wondering if you can apply that to here longer term, where you guys and your peers that are the most financially capable in the business own collectively, maybe about 10% of the apartment units in the country, is there a long-term opportunity where some of the financially vulnerable of the own multifamily real estate could really suffer substantially depending on how long this goes? And that you as an industry in UDR as a company could get materially larger, even if there's not really a negative event from a yield perspective on transactions? So I'm just curious if you're kind of on your is up about getting bigger and all of this at the end of the day?
Thomas Toomey: Rich, it's a really good question and 1 we talk about with respect to how do the REIT's occupy space compared to the privates and where pain will be. Our first thought goes to long-term ability where the customer is to grow cash flow. And hence, the platform was born and our ability to increase our margins. And that's relatively pretty straightforward. You can see our operating margins this last quarter held pretty solid in the 84%, 85% at that range. I can guarantee you that private investors generally going to run 10, 12 bps -- excuse me, 10% to 12% below that because of their inefficiencies, either scale or technology. So we think the long-term play is to have a better operating model for the customer and our cost structure.  On with respect to financial hardship and what it shakes out, I kind of harken back to the like before 5 last recessions I've been through. And they always poke out about the same place. Developers of the first to show the pain. And that is an opportunity for us, either in the DCP front or acquisitions of lease-up and it's not that deep of a pool of capital that's going to compete with us on that front. The real hardship, maturing debt, everybody in the right now was to refi. And I congratulate Joe and the team for $400 million of 12-year paper at 2.1%. You can hang on pretty long time if you're able to stabilize and get to that. So I don't know if there's stabilized assets are going to have a lot of hardship. And then it's a function of where else it might poke out a market, an employer, somewhere in there. I'm not sure the REIT or that competitive on that front because of our leverage profile, first, the PE shops who can use a higher leverage borrowed on an international basis and we'll probably be able to buy a lot of stuff. And I think that's going to play out with this current environment. And so you can see our game plan straightforward platform, long-term cash flow margin, pick off opportunities that the PE shops probably are overlooking or not interested because it doesn't support their investment thesis. Joe, anything to add?
Joseph Fisher: No. Covered all.
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. Just on private market values. I mean as Tom mentioned, there's still plenty of capital that's very interested in apartments. I mean interest rates are very low, which is obviously stabilizing apartment values. There is a divergence in markets. We know the markets that are proposing well particularly not urban. Pricing is relatively stable, probably hasn't changed much at all. In some markets like New York and San Francisco, you're not going to have much of a bid. Buyers and sellers are unlikely to come together. So at least in the short term, you're unlikely to see many trades in those assets.
Richard Anderson: Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up. The spread in Texas, California and Florida kind of starts to get real ugly post second quarter. Are you seeing anything there that is troubling second quarter into this period of time now, where the threat of kind of reclosing or whatever just fear generally might be impacting those specific states? Or is it just not? And the answer is no, then we can move on.
Michael Lacy: And really, the answer is no. They've been very resilient, and I can tell you that traffic really hasn't changed much. So they're doing well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler.
Alexander Goldfarb: So just two questions. First, Tom, you mentioned sort of affirmation that people want to live in the urban areas, that people want to come back to the cities. You let on that people want to live and see places. But if I look at like the markets that are really impacted, Boston, New York and San Francisco, in an Francisco had such the lowest COVID certainly in California and in the country, whereas obviously New York speak herself in Boston is a bit elevated. So I guess the question is, how much of this is an absolute belief that these are markets that return more principally New York and San Francisco versus there's a bigger fundamental shift that's gone on because you've had higher COVID and other higher coved cases in other markets where you guys have products, and you're not seeing the same impact of your properties. So what gives you the confidence that like a San Fran and New York property, just those urban metros, not the surrounding areas, but the urban metros will bounce back in the near term?
Thomas Toomey: Alex, I'll take a shot and ask anyone else to clean it up. I guess, the belief I happen is simply that the markets that you cite and statistics are all correct. What's underlying that is the simple fact that businesses have shut down, giving people the option to work from home. That our belief is that when business opens up, whatever the conditions are, that they will reassemble their workforce. And so the theory would be when businesses and cities opened back up, the repopulation of those cities will occur. Our leasing season will be an unusual window, if that were to be fortunate by the end of the year, we're going to have a rush of November and December leases as an example. So we're really hanging around the waiting for businesses and the vaccine to make the connection. If that takes 3 months, 6 months or a year, I think we have to run our company under those conditions. Long term, people sought the urban for lifestyle surrounding. And I would think if I've been in Wyoming buried in my parent's basement, working remotely, but I cannot be anxious enough to get back to the life in what I enjoyed before. First as an example.
Alexander Goldfarb: Wyoming has good fishing, by the way.
Thomas Toomey: Fair point. I would agree with that and probably not a lot of people to date.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay.
Thomas Toomey: That's the long term. You guys, anything to add to that?
Jerry Davis: Alex, as I talked about earlier on the Fort stress side, the call work that we do it's meant to keep us disciplined. And that meant to keep us away from new jerk reactions and headlines and disruptions such as this. So 4 months ago, New York was the finance hub of the world; San Francisco, the tech hub of the world; Boston, the biotech out of the world. So you go through all that and has that changed? Has the venture capital dollars completely disappeared from those markets? Has the intellectual hub that exists there disappeared? I would say no. Now if you say we'd never find a vaccine for COVID and individuals can never come back to work in an urban environment, then that's a different set of rules. But we're not ready to start investing with conviction based off of that promise at this point in time.  So we think being patient is the appropriate place to be. Some of these outcomes are going to be pretty binary in nature. Do we get it or not. So the financial situation on the other side of that for a lot of these municipals and states. What's the taxation situation? What's the regulatory environment? So it's just too early to make a convicted view one way or the other, which is the beauty of being a diversified portfolio. We don't have to make the call today and say we got to uproot and shift half our portfolio. We feel like we're in a good place. And as long as we stay focused on the platform, we think we're going to win on a relative basis over time. So we're just not there yet. We'll hopefully get there as we get more information. We'll have more condition to speak to, but just not there yet.
Alexander Goldfarb: Right. But you did say something interesting earlier, which is that a lot of your residents have stayed in the general metro area. So you could have shifting of where people live, still working in the same area, but they're shifting their living habits. Joe, second question is on the regulatory front, the November election coming up in Washington, clearly, potential for the Senate and White House to go Democrat, which would then bring with it a lot more housing regulation. How do you guys feel that your position both from UDR as well as industry to try and spend off ever tightening legislation that we may be coming to, rent control, et cetera?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I'll maybe start it off, and then maybe Tom or Chris may have something to jump in here. I think, again, we go back to that diversified approach. If we were wholly concentrated in only blue states or red states, perhaps we'd be more exposed to the risk there. So again, diversification helps out. I think the industry as a whole, the trade groups that we work with and support are trying to lobby and help the powers that be understand the need to affordable housing, the need for more supply out there and the need to eliminate some of the red tape and restrictions that exist, and that's at a national state local level. So I think the industry as a whole is doing that and trying to educate. And so I think we're in a good position from that sense.  Chris who oversees the regulatory side as well as has other roles may have additional thoughts on upcoming elections, either on a national basis or even coming down to what we're seeing in state like California or some of the recent regulations that we've seen have been bannered about.
Christopher Van Ens: Yes, Joe. I guess a couple of thoughts for me. I think, Alex, there's kind of 2 different types of regulatory as I think about it. We really sit in a number of our coastal markets kind of throughout the pandemic. I would say, first, back in March, April, so early on, I think there were some very valid emergency regulations that were enacted to -- from that COVID hardship, I think as the pandemic progress, some of those valid regulations really became ways of different groups advancing more of their kind of tenant-friendly and personal agendas in assorted markets. Yes.  So we think going ahead and outside, we'll see what happens if the Democrats take a said it and obviously, the presidency. But the things that we're really trying to assess in these markets and obviously, don't roll into the state level and then also the federal level at some point is do these policies eventually expire? When do they expire? And at the end of the day, could they transition from emergency ordinances to some sort of long-term policy? And secondarily, and Joe kind of talked about this in the second derivative. But with the new capital formation in our markets at the end of the day as well, investment. I think as we talked about with some of the stuff, just on the regulatory side, we're going to fight anything that comes up. But it really is too soon to have a definitive view on emergency regulation versus long-term policy, how sticky all that stuff is. But at the end of the day, I think we can probably all agree that none of this helps to improve long-term affordability, which is obviously one of the biggest issues that's pushing a lot of this.
Thomas Toomey: So Alex, I think we could have a separate call at great length on this because it's a great topic. And at the same time, I think when you get past the election, you'll have a little bit more vaccine, cooler heads will prevail. I think a lot of the actions right now are knee-jerk and reactionary. But long term, if you look at cities that flies, they thrive through growing housing stock, variety, affordability, and that is generally brought on by friendly business environment and supply being brought into the market. Those that shut down their supply and capital flow tend to gentrify and become less progressive. So I think people will start to realize, and they watch California, 1 city, housing restrictions, another who lives it, all of a sudden whose tax base grows, where do one people want to live, where is more entertainment, amenities, et cetera, being presented. And they don't have to look far but usually their neighborhood. And we see it time and time again, examples, Huntington Beach, where for 30 years, nothing was built and the city woke up and said, we have availability to build, and we're doing quite well there. First, the surrounding cities that are still shut down. So we're going to have to get smarter about what market we operate in. We have made investments in the government regulation. Chris leads that effort, had a great team. And it helps being thoughtful on a long-term basis, not just reacting to today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
Piljung Kim: Gary and Mike mentioned a ship in strategy that was previously discussed at NAREIT to now prioritize occupancy over holding off on the market concessions. Can you just elaborate what drove a lot in point that drove that change strategy? And also, do you see the current 95.5% occupancy to trough this year?
Thomas Toomey: John, just to be clear, we don't focus on rents or occupancy in a vacuum. So we are trying to maximize total revenue. And what you've seen from us, and you can see in our supplement, some markets are operating at lower occupancy day and some are still operating at a very high occupancy. That being said, the other side of it is our rent and what we're doing with the blends. What we're trying to do is maximize our total earn in for not only the rest of this year, but it's going into next year. So again, we don't -- we do this as a function of trying to optimize the little thing, not either of them in a vacuum.
Piljung Kim: As far as the occupancy levels, are you willing to go lower to maximize rental revenue?
Thomas Toomey: I think in a couple of our markets where we're still having a little bit more trouble. It's too early to tell kind of where that is. But I will tell you, occupancy has come down a little bit as we've seen move out elevate and in some of the other markets, again, where we have the opportunity to hold rate and push occupancy, we're doing that. So I think today, we're closer to the high 80s in places like Downtown, San Francisco and Downtown, New York City, and it's a little bit more challenging. We could see that come down a little bit over the next 30 to 60 days. But aside from that, it's too early to tell where those go.
Christopher Van Ens: I would just add, John, coming off of that comment, a comment that Tom made earlier, we do have approximately 2% of the resident base that we would potentially look to effect today if regulations allowed. So when Mike talks about not managing the occupancy, if we have not Bayer sitting in there, we're not going to be worried about keeping them in from an occupancy standpoint. We're going to be focused on getting them out and getting good high-quality rental payers into the system. So you could see temporary disruptions on a market-by-market basis as you see regulations roll off. So I wouldn't take that as a sign that we're letting occupancy, but it's just managing tiring a total NOI.
Piljung Kim: Okay. On a similar level, can you discuss your willingness to provide shorter term leases, just given the uncertainty that many tenants may have to find a long-term lease or like 1 year lease?
Thomas Toomey: So the way that our pricing system works today is that we can offer upwards of 3 to, in some cases, 18-month leases. And I can tell you with some of the ordinances and the regulations that have been put in place over the last few months, they limit our ability to do that. So the best example today, San Francisco, you are not allowed to do anything in Downtown proper less than 12 month lease. So we can't do it. In other places, the way that the pricing matrix works, we will open that up. They will pay a premium, depending on where our lease expirations fall. So we are constantly managing that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Velosky with Green Street advisers.
John Pawlowski: Just one for me. I appreciate you guys keeping the call along here. The DC, Mike, you touched on just trends in San Fran and New York softening into the summer here. But your urban assets, are they assuming the work-from-home time environment persists through the balance of the year and the social cities say shot. DC -- sorry, I'm going to we've got a lot of feedback there. Does DC behave like New York and San Francisco over the balance of this year?
Michael Lacy: Thanks for the question, John. Let me give you a little color on DC. Obviously, lease-up 19.3% of our same-store NOI. I can tell you our 2Q revenue growth, you saw it was down 1.2%. Our suburban B portfolio has held up relatively well, and it's been positive over the last few months. Our urban struggled the most. And this kind of goes along with a lot of the things we've talked about today is the DC more restricted based on regulatory environment. So we had to go out with 0% renewal at those properties. So again, portfolio in the suburbs, positive. What you're seeing down in the heart of DC is a little bit more of a challenge. And I think a lot of that has to do with the regulatory environment. But I will tell you today, growth remains positive. Our turnover is down, traffic up. So a lot to be excited about in that market compared to somebody like New York City or San Fran.
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I'd say from an intermediate perspective, when you look at continuing claims and job forecast, DC definitely holding up better than the nation as a whole, given they do have a diversified base of employment. But also the government, education, cyber, defense, et cetera, as well as the growing tech seen there. So the demand side probably looks better than our portfolio as a whole over the interim and then supply wise, that's been a little bit difficult in D.C. for most of the cycle. During this downturn, it's one of the markets that you see in permit activity come off by far the most. So to the extent that holds, hopefully, you see a little bit lighter supply picture going forward as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Handell Juste with Mizuho.
Haendel Juste: Just a couple of quick ones for me. I don't think you mentioned, but what that year for stock buybacks? You mentioned -- you mentioned -- you commented about asset value,, your far liquidity profile. So I'm curious, given your balance sheet, what your here appetite is? And then if disposition as the source of capital, where perhaps you'd be more inclined to call the portfolio?
Joseph Fisher: Haendel, it's Joe. As I said earlier, it's one of the items that we look to in deploying capital. We've been pretty diverse in our approach between platform development, DCP, acquisitions and buyback as recently as 2018. It's not something that today we're jumping out there on. You have seen activity here in the quarter. We do feel very good about the balance sheet and the liquidity, et cetera. But being only about one quarter into this crisis, I'm not sure we have the conviction levels yet to go out there and pursue that avenue from our use of capital perspective. We'd like to see more conviction in the economy, the trajectory there, more conviction in the direction and level of NOI and therefore, future liquidity and debt metrics as well as what we've seen asset values very strongly today, make sure that, that continues to hold in this capital markets environment. So I'm not sure we're quite there yet, but we've shown our ability in the past, and we'll try to do the right thing as we move forward.
Haendel Juste: Okay. My second question is, so the gap between your better Sunbelt markets in New York City and some of your coastal markets was pretty darn wide to past quarter, right, over 1,000 basis points associated on a same-store. So I'm curious if you guys expect that will be wider here over the next few quarters? And when we could see that gap start to narrow?
Thomas Toomey: Again, Haendel, one thing we're looking at today is when you see July trends versus June trends, the fold, they're very similar. So our traffic continues to improve in a lot of ways on a year-over-year basis. Our new lease growth is very simple to what it was in June. And our renewal growth is impacted a little bit just based on what's happening in the market today as well as the regulatory environment. So that being said, you do have different markets doing different things. I would say it's too early to tell when we look at business is property and market, and we've been encouraged by some of our markets bottomed already. So about 20% of our NOI is in margins that bottomed previous to this month. We've got about 50% of our NOI markets that appear to be bottoming, and that leaves about 30% of the NOI TBD, and that's where we're kind of watching that to see what happened over the next few months.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Calmes with Zelman & Associates.
Unidentified Analyst: Just looking at sinus ending this week and given what you know about your tenant employment makeup, how consequential will additional singles be for collections on a go-forward basis?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. You were a little bit bubbled on our end. Maybe if you could repeat? I think what we were in was for exploration unemployment benefits and impact on resident base?
Unidentified Analyst: Correct, correct.
Joseph Fisher: Okay. Perfect. Yes. I guess, when we started in the past, and Mike and Jerry will probably jump in here. When we've looked at our resident base and the need for us to accommodate them and help them out from a rental deferral or payment plan, it's been relatively minimal in terms of the number of residents that have come in and requested that. So while we don't know exactly how many residents are still employed or are on unemployment. The percentage that proactively come to us and requested assistance is under 2%. So I think that gives us a pretty good degree of conviction when we look at collections as well as their own actions that roll-off of unemployment benefits, if, in fact, it does happen for an extended period of time, that our portfolio is still in a good place, given that we're higher income, higher quality overall relative to typical apartment product out there in the market.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And so looking back at regulation in California, looking at top 21, is there any -- other than the obvious pandemic, where on the ground is different in 2018 when top 21 -- top 1- was rejected? And is there concern around this proposition? Or are you guys -- it will be a similar results?
Christopher Van Ens: Sure, Alex. Thanks for the question. This is Chris, again. I'm going to give you just a run down because we can come on update over the last couple of months. So to run that of what's happening there. So for -- across '21, I can tell you right, the coalition and really our plan going forward, we think we're in pretty good shape. I say that for really a couple of reasons. First, I think the coalition is much deeper, and I would say, more widespread participant based than last go around. So back in 2018. Obviously, there's going to still be multifamily owners operators, who are the big guys there, but also affordable housing groups, business organizations, big labor, veterans, boots, et cetera. So much more extensive from that perspective.  I think second, the last update we received from CFRH, California for Responsible Housing, indicated that fundraising has remained strong versus where it was in 2018. And at the same time, we're definitely feeling good on that point as well. And then third, reasonable results, they're about a coined as far as yes, no right now, but they do definitely till more in our favor once before and against arguments are discussed with the polling respondents.  On the and potentially going against us is that it is a presidential election year. We all know that Democrats comprise, I would say, a majority of California's motor base and turnout -- tends to be significantly higher in California and doesn't a lot of states in presidential versus year. So we'll see how that goes. But again, in general, we feel pretty good about where we are right now on '21.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey, for closing comments.
Thomas Toomey: First, let me express thanks for all of you for your interest in UDR and certainly, the extra time today. And I want to wish you be safe and healthy. To our associates on the call, I just want to reiterate in a heartful way, proud of the job you're doing, the adoption, the skill and always want you to know we're here to help in any way, shape or form.  Turning to the business side. We've said it many times. It's a challenging environment. And if you will, a storm on a lot of different fronts. But our strategy remains the same. It's the right one. And what it has adjusted is our tactics. And we will continue to adjust as the environment evolves, proud of the team's ability to adjust to a daily changing environment and executing at a high level. Let us remain constant at UDR, and we'll remain constant in the long-term focus on our cash flow growth, maintaining our diversification, our transparency and certainly managing risk in this environment. With that, we always welcome your questions, dialogue, and we will see you soon. Take care.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-10 15:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the UDR's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, sir. You may now begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered during the Q&A session today. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Trent, and welcome to UDR's first quarter 2020 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, President and Chief Operating Officer; Mike Lacy, Senior Vice President of Operations; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results. Senior executives, Harry Alcock and Matt Cozad will also be available during the Q&A portion of the call. While we are pleased with the strong combined same-store NOI and FFOA per share growth we produced in the first quarter, the executive team and I are more gratified by how our business and dedicated team of associates have successfully adapted to the ongoing challenges that have come with the COVID-19 pandemic. We appreciate the position that many of our associates are in and thank them for continuing to show compassion to and accommodations extended to our residents that have been negatively impacted by the coronavirus. From a high level, our business continues to perform well. This is a testament to the outstanding work of our teams and culture, the investments we have made in technology over the past decade, our diversified portfolio across geographies and price points, the strength of our balance sheet and the defensive nature of apartments. I'm encouraged by the fact that traffic and leasing trends have steadily improved in the recent weeks, and our next-generation operating platform has enabled us to continue to deliver a high level of service to our residents and prospects, while providing the tools necessary for our associates to execute our business in the face of a fluid and the changing regulatory requirements. I'm confident that our next-generation operating platform is not only a foundation that enables our teams to meet today's demands, but it's also one that allows us to pivot when customers or the environment changes. And it will continue to be a differentiator for UDR as we make our way through the pandemic and adapt to the new ways we are all going to do business in the future. Moving on to a brief update of our business. April's cash collections were strong at 95.5%, with 98% of our residents paying all or part of their April rent. Resident retention has moved higher and turnover has declined throughout the portfolio. Traffic is lighter than we would typically see this time of year, but it has been trending up in recent weeks, and we are encouraged by the prospects of a number of cities starting to open up again. And our dividend is secure, and our balance sheet remains strong with substantial liquidity at our disposal. Jerry, Mike and Joe will provide additional details on each of these areas later in the call. Last, a pandemic and an economic uncertainty it has created, we're not in our original plans. Therefore, we decided to withdraw our full-year 2020 guidance outlook. COVID-19, like other disruptions, we faced over the decades will eventually pass. And I remain confident that we are on the right team, the right strategy and the right portfolio in place to manage through this time of volatility like we're currently experiencing. Companies like UDR that remain focused on driving operations and innovation, ensuring positive outcomes for the residents and associates, maintaining a strong balance sheet and deploying capital in a disciplined manner will come out of this much stronger. With that, I will turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. With combined same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth rates of 3%, 1.7% and 3.5%, respectively, we continue to produce solid operating results during the first quarter. Our controllable margin expanded by 60 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2019, and we reduced controllable expenses by 1.1% versus a year ago. Over the past year, we have encouraged those listening to view personnel and R&M expense growth in tandem with one another as our next-generation operating platform initiatives pushed their respective growth rates in opposite directions, but also reduced their combined growth rate over time. This was again true in the first quarter with a combined growth rate of negative 2.3% year-over-year. But as Tom alluded to in his prepared remarks, first quarter results take a back seat to what has transpired over the past two months. We and the nation continue to face a challenging situation. COVID-19 has altered the way we live our lives, interact with people and has changed the way UDR and the apartment industry approaches day-to-day operations. With all the negative headlines in the news, I am proud we collected April rents from 98% of our residents with 95% of residents paying full, and I'm inspired to hear the positive uplifting actions our associates continue to take to provide quality service to and engagement with our residents. This would not be possible without our next-gen operating platform. When we originally laid out our vision for the platform three years ago, we understood that a majority of businesses were rapidly transitioning to an online self-service model and that we could capture first mover advantages in the apartment industry by doing the same. Since early 2019, we have reported on a variety of stats and have highlighted how the next-gen operating platform is driving efficiency gains and contributing more dollars to our bottom line through controllable margin expansion and self-service. While we did not envision a pandemic when embarking on the transformation of our operating platform, we are thankful for the great people at UDR as well as the investments we have made to help ensure the ongoing well-being of our workforce and the resident base in a world with mandated social distancing. Some of the traditional aspects of our business that have changed during the pandemic include: first, 100% of in-person property tours have ceased and have been replaced with virtual and self-guided tours. One of our original goals for 2020 was to roll out virtual and self-guided tours across all of our communities, and we are in a great position to accomplish this already, having implemented this initiative in over 100 of our communities pre-COVID. Leasing offices have largely gone virtual. 100% of resident documents are executed electronically. Our corporate insight sales and renewals teams have been working overtime to reverse notices to vacate and capitalize on the traffic we are receiving. And nearly all service requests are made online by phone through our app via other electronic means such as text. This is in comparison to approximately 80% of service requests being submitted electronically or by phone pre-COVID. To ensure the safety of associates and residents alike and to comply with social distancing requirements, we continue to fulfill emergency requests only at this time. Our next-gen operating platform is clearly demonstrating its value by allowing us to quickly adapt to the current environment and fully run our business, which keeps us in a position of strength during this crisis. Tools such as Zoom-based leasing and a real-time update on collections are 2 such examples. In terms of operating details and relative market performance, Mike will provide more information later in his prepared remarks. But from a high level, I am pleased with how well we have adjusted to the situation and the steps we have and continue to take to drive solid operating results. In particular, the $1.9 billion of community acquisitions we have made since the start of 2019 continue to perform relatively well given the identified upside opportunities relative to private market operators. Last, I would like to express sincere gratitude to our associates in the field and at corporate for continuing to embrace the challenges brought on by the pandemic and for accelerating the adoption of next-gen operating platform. I am proud to work alongside each of you as we create new and innovative strategies that will ensure continued high levels of service for our residents. With that, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Mike Lacy: Thanks, Jerry, and good afternoon. As everyone listening to this call is aware, the pandemic has led to unprecedented levels of unemployment over a short amount of time, which in turn has led to widespread concerns about residents ability to pay rent. As Jerry mentioned, through the dedicated efforts of our associates and the physical response by federal government, April cash collections totaled 95.5% and 98% of our residents made some level of April rent payments, with 95% paying full. For comparison purposes, April 2020 collections were just 4% below April 2019. While may not be as well-known to those on this call is the web of regulations, federal, state, county and local governments have enacted or are likely to enact. These are wide-ranging, include eviction moratoriums, stay-at-home orders, restrictions on fees that can be charged, freezes on line increases, lease break legislation and restrictions on debt collections to name a handful. While each of these has impacted our business in one way or another, our market and asset level operating strategies in response that have remained surgical, as opposed to a one-size-fits-all approach. And by surgical I mean that we are working with and accommodating any resident that has faced financial hardship due to COVID-19 on a case-by-case basis, while ensuring our compliance with any regulatory action. I want to thank all of our associates for staying on top of these constantly changing regulation and adapting our strategies as needed. On the operations front, occupancy remains strong at 96.6% in April, which is approximately 20 basis points below the same period last year. Blended lease rate growth for the month of April was 2%, driven by solid renewal rate growth of approximately 5%. Retention is higher as annualized turnover in April was 720 basis points lower than last year's comparable period. As reported in our release last night, we experienced a 19% decline in traffic and a 15% reduction in applications on a year-over-year basis in April due to stay-at-home orders. However, we also saw our lease closing ratio improve to 54%, compared to 31% a year ago. I'm encouraged with the positive momentum in traffic, applications and signed leases over the past two weeks. To build on this momentum, we have implemented opportunistic approach here at each community, while our next-generation operating platform have allowed us to continue to drive traffic, execute leases virtually and take a more surgical approach to maintaining rent and preserving our rent growth. While it is still too early to understand the long-term impact, if any, the regulatory actions may have on our business. Some reset high-level operating trends we have identified over the past 45 days are as follows: occupancy in our B quality portfolio averaged 97% in April and hasn't declined much; A quality occupancy averaged 96% in April, but has and will likely continue to be pressured by corporate lease exposure and lower traffic due to shelter-in-place orders in key markets. Traffic and turnover have been slightly better at our B communities due to the more suburban nature of our B quality portfolio. Blended rental rate growth has been comparable between A and Bs. And we have seen slightly lower collections across our B quality communities. Highlighting some specific markets. Greater Seattle is one of the first markets afflicted by the coronavirus, yet our results through April are a pleasant surprise. However, due to recently enacted regulations in the state of Washington that mandate flat renewal growth for the foreseeable future, we are likely to see some forward rate growth headwinds. In certain urban coastal markets such as New York and San Francisco, we are experiencing a vacancy impact due to lower demand for short-term and corporate leases. Because of lower levels of traffic in these markets, we are facing reduced pricing power and are generally competitively priced on rents to increase leasing velocity. Orlando, Tampa and Orange County are our largest markets were tied to hospitality and retail-oriented deployment, and collectively represent approximately 20% of NOI. These three markets have seen some softness in both rents and occupancy as a result of relatively high exposure to service sector employment combined with a large amount of our portfolio in these markets being suburban and B quality. Finally, having previously worked in the field for a number of years, I understand how a period of extreme change can impact our regional and community leaders. Our associates have all worked well together to adapt to a new operating environment, develop targeted market approach and engage with our current and prospective residents. I'm proud of each and every one of you, have continued to exemplify the UDR values during this health and economic crisis. Thank you for all that you do. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Mike. The topics I will cover today include our first quarter results and the withdrawal of our full-year 2020 guidance and a balance sheet and liquidity update, inclusive of recent transactions and capital markets activity. Our first quarter earnings results came in at the midpoint of previously provided guidance ranges. FFO as adjusted per share was $0.54, approximately 9% higher year-over-year and driven by strong combined same-store and lease-up performance, accretive capital deployment and lower interest rates. Regarding guidance, we have elected to withdraw our full-year 2020 guidance outlook given uncertainty around the impact the coronavirus pandemic will have on the economy and our business. As disclosed in our press release and as Mike discussed, we have presented an operational update through April to provide stakeholders with additional insights into trends. Moving on, our balance sheet and next three-year liquidity profile remains strong due to the efforts that we have taken over the last several years. As such, we are well positioned to weather the effects of COVID-19 and the downturn that has accompanied it. Some highlights include: first, our capital capacity and debt maturity profile put us in an advantageous three-year liquidity position. As of April 30, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, net of our commercial paper balance, was $775 million. Through 2022, only $106 million or approximately 2% of our consolidated debt outstanding is scheduled to mature, excluding principal amortization and amounts on our working capital credit facility. Please see Attachment 4B of our supplement for further details on our debt maturity profile. Second, we entered into $105 million of forward ATM contracts, sold one community in the Greater Seattle area on May 1 for approximately $90 million and are under contract with a non-refundable deposit to sell another community. Combined, these equate to approximately $250 million of capital sources. While the forward ATM proceeds were originally raised in anticipation of a single asset external growth opportunity, COVID-19 has changed these plans, and we have elected to focus on capital preservation in the near-term. Third, to maintain flexibility on previously planned development starts and to preserve capital, we do not anticipate starting any new development projects until there is more clarity on the macroeconomic, regulatory, fundamental and cost environments. Our current development and redevelopment pipeline totals only $304 million at cost or less than 2% of enterprise value and is nearly 40% funded with approximately $191 million of remaining capital to spend over the next two years. Fourth, our dividend remains secure and well covered by cash flow from operations. Based on first quarter 2020 AFFO per share of $0.51, our dividend payout ratio was 71%. This implies that our earnings would need to decrease by approximately 30% before reaching cash flow parity, substantially higher than the losses we or the multifamily industry experienced during any of the past several recessions. Taken together, our liquidity position is strong, and forward sources and uses are very manageable. Moving forward, we will be highly selective with where and how we choose to invest your capital as we believe it is prudent to preserve capital in the current environment, while retaining value creation optionality for the future. In terms of credit metrics, as shown on Attachment 4C of our supplement, we have substantial capacity before, we have not been incompliant with any of our line of credit or unsecured bond covenants. As of quarter end, our consolidated financial leverage was 35% on undepreciated book value and 31.5% on enterprise value, inclusive of joint ventures. Consolidated net debt-to-EBITDAre was 6 times and inclusive of joint ventures was 6.1 times, which looks slightly elevated due to the timing of acquisitions completed during the quarter versus the closing of announced dispositions and a pending settlement for ATM proceeds. Please see attachment 13 of our supplement for further details on sources and uses of capital. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. The floor is open for question [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Nicholas Joseph of Citi. Please go ahead.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. I hope you guys are doing well. I appreciate the operating environment has obviously changed over the last 2 months. You have been and continue to be in the process of rolling out your next-generation operating platform. So I'm wondering if there's any lessons learned thus far in terms of either an acceleration or any delays or any changes to that next-generation operating platform as you see it over the next few years?
Jerry Davis: Yes, we did start working on the next-gen operating platform about three years ago, started reporting the efficiencies and the contributions to our controllable margin last year. And I would tell you, I think, we were well suited when the pandemic did hit to adapt quickly towards 100% virtual as well as self-guided tours. We were doing quite a bit of that before, but transitioning to 100% was fairly easy. We were also able to shut down our offices to physical traffic and accommodate our customers electronically or over the phone, that went extremely well. And I would say it probably accelerated us six to 12 months of where we would have expected to have been as far as customer self-service. In addition, we've been working on the big data side of it, and we continue to learn new things every day. I think I have been working remotely for the last 2 months and have become proficient at Zoom, even though I never had really used Zoom before. And when you look at the adoption of the U.S. population to that way of doing virtual meetings, we're starting to utilize that on virtual tour. So rather than just doing FaceTimes, where you can just walk around, the ability to share a screen such as udr.com and walk somebody through the entire website, I think, is going to enhance our ability to sell virtually, especially as people continue to not want to travel as much, at least, over the near term.  In addition to that, Matt Cozad and our team have developed a mechanism to track collections really on a minute-by-minute, probably second-by-second basis. So you kind of see collections as they come through in real time and it allows us to direct our resources to do a better job on managing these collections. So, I would say, in addition to everything we talked to you about previously accelerating, we've also found new opportunities as our customer has adopted technologies, and we're going to start using that in our business.
Nicholas Joseph : And then just maybe on the May collection trend thus far, and I recognize it's very early in the month, but what have you seen relative to April and historical averages?
Jerry Davis: I'm going to turn it over to Mike Lacey in a minute. A lot of you know, Mike, he's been running ops really for us for a couple of years, and we thought since he is more into the details, especially as we work our way through this a couple of months, it would be a good opportunity for him to give those updates. But I can tell you, I'm pleased with the way our teams have reacted in both April, as well as May. But Mike, why don't you give us some stats on how we're doing?
Mike Lacy: Based on what we can see right now, our May collections are actually 87% of May billings, which is flat to our April collections at this point in the month. And we can see April today is 96% compared to the 95.5% we had in the press release. As Jerry said, we're able to see this real time. So I just pulled that number a minute ago. Currently, today, is 96% occupied. I expect we end up between 95.5% to 96% this month after we take back some more corporate units. Our main traffic today is trending about where it had been in the last few weeks, which is around 10% to 15% down compared to last year, but significantly better than where we were in March this time last month, which was down about 35%. We expect our blended lease rate growth will remain positive in May. And we're keeping a close eye on regulatory changes. But just to remind everybody, our April numbers came in at plus 2% for blend. And annualized turnover is expected to be flat to down for the month of May. And again, credit to our next-gen operating platform team, having this visibility real-time to look at collections has been huge for us. We can focus our NG where we need to do it. And credit to our teams out in the field because they're able to take this and work with those that need it most.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Austin Wurschmidt of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Austin Wurschmidt: Just curious, you referenced some markets that are more exposed to hospitality. And I know it's still very early, but certainly, the impact has been swift in some of these markets as far as layoffs. I'm just curious if you feel like you've seen sort of the worst of the impact play out in some of those markets. And you now have kind of a better sense of where some of the more challenged submarkets are across the portfolio?
Jerry Davis: I'm going to throw it to Mike in a second. It's hard to tell, we've seen the worst of it. I think it's going to depend on when back to state home orders or mandates are released. And we see a lot of that starting to happen in Florida, so the Orlando market should pick up. It's going to be interesting to see how quickly the tourism base returns to -- want to enjoy the vacations there. Orange County has started to stabilize a little bit. Traffic patterns there are probably pretty stable today. We did have some -- again, some delinquency issues there during the month of April. But Mike, anything you would add to, again, SoCal, as well as Orange -- as well as South Florida, [indiscernible] Florida.
Mike Lacy: Just in general, what we're seeing right now across the portfolio, New York, San Francisco and Boston, definitely a little bit higher turnover there given corporate exposure and lower traffic due to stay-at-home orders. But on a positive note, we've seen Texas, Nashville, Seattle, LA, and Salinas with stronger retention, traffics increasing and honestly, decent rent growth.
Austin Wurschmidt : And then one other question that I've been putting out there. I'm just curious, as you think about future development and how things have evolved. If you were negotiating contract today on a construction project, where do you think hard cost would be versus pre-COVID-19? And then, how does that sort of overlay with your strategy for restarting the development pipeline ultimately versus pursuing additional DCP-type investments?
Harry Alcock: We had two projects with planned starts during the second quarter. We had paused on these two while we, as you mentioned, look at pricing and overall economics. We recognize NOI is likely to decline in the near term, but we also know the multifamily fundamentals tend to be strong coming out of downturns. And we believe that we will be able to pull some cost out of the projects, which is a permanent benefit for the NOI trends, which are inherently temporary or cyclical. I think in terms of hard costs, we're in the market looking to take some cost out of our existing pipeline in addition to the forward pipeline. I mean, it really depends a little bit in terms of the type of construction and the market you're in. I think there's a general view that it's somewhere in the neighborhood of 5% of hard costs is probably a safe number. There's some optimistic views that it could be a little bit greater than that, perhaps as high as 10%.
Austin Wurschmidt: And then how are you thinking about that versus kind of when you're looking at potential investment opportunities in a DCP-type deal or future development? Any additional thoughts there? And then that's all for me.
Joseph Fisher: Just in terms of how it relates to future investment opportunities, as well as external growth. I think first off, we start with the balance sheet in terms of where do we sit today and we spent some time in the prepared remarks and in the press release talking about all of what we've done in terms of building up capacity, pushing down maturities and really doing a lot of work there in the last couple of years. When it gets to the external growth, it's coming similar to what we've done over the last couple of years, which is pivot to where the returns take us. So, we've reduced development significantly. When we don't see returns, we ramped up DCP. We really hit the go button on equity and external growth on acquisitions last year when we saw the opportunity there. So I think DCP developments, buybacks, acquisitions, etc., they're all going to end up competing with each other. But right now, we view capacity and liquidity is kind of at a premium and a desire to be patient in our approach. So, we'll probably start to whittle away here at some point, but right now, I'm just trying to be patient with the capital that we have.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Rich Hightower of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Rich Hightower: Joe or anybody, really, just a follow-up on the external growth question. Talking to others, including your peers, it sounds like there's not yet a lot of distress out there, right? The Fed is cooperating and business is still holding up. But do you envision that scenario changing over the next few months as developer balance sheets or anybody else in the ecosystem as they get stretched? And do you think that's where the opportunity might come up a little more favorably for well-capitalized owners and investors like UDR?
Joe Fisher: I think for real estate broadly and then multifamily specifically, it's probably going to be tough to get into a fully distressed situation. If you go back to the last downturn, we had a fundamental downturn, a capital markets downturn and real estate was at the epicenter of both of those. You look at where we're at today. I think, the Fed, the treasury and the U.S. government have done an exceptional job in terms of trying to keep businesses in a good liquidity situation, making sure consumer survives, making sure that credit markets continue to act pretty well, when you look at unsecured and secured space.  So I don't think we have anything ahead of us on the capital market side that would be concerning in terms of distress. So that it just comes down to how do you underwrite the near-term NOI growth profile. And so I think we're all still waiting through that, trying to figure that out. But it's hard to see us going into a situation where we have a lot of distress out there in the transaction market.
Rich Hightower: And then just on the fundamental environment, factoring in construction delays in different places versus other places. And as we think about the lease-up environment over the next few months, where across your broad portfolio do you see supply, new supply having the greatest impact on market rents over this kind of peak leasing curve that we're into right now?
Joe Fisher: Rich, I'll kind of kick it off, and some of the others may jump in here. But when we came into the year, we saw supply overall in 2020 was going to be in that flat to up 10% range. When you look at individual markets, Boston, L.A., San Francisco, those were some of the markets that we thought there would be a little bit more pressure on in terms of supply being up. When you look at the stay-at-home orders and some of the shutdowns in terms of construction activity, clearly, it's been a little bit more impacted on the East Coast. So Boston, specifically, where we thought there'd be some more pressure probably slows down a bit. New York definitely slows down. A little bit less of that taking place on the West Coast. But overall, you will see some degree of slippage throughout the country, a little bit more so in certain markets. So that flat to up 10% number probably looks more flat to down 10% and just drips into '21. And then if you look at a more forward picture, if you look at starts activity, clearly, it's come off materially. We'll see where April is next week when we get the numbers again. But I'd expect starts, permits activity to keep coming off both due to credit markets, which on the construction financing side, it's kind of one area of the credit markets that have really shut down a little bit in terms of cost and proceeds. And then governmental losses clearly have slowed their activity and/or shutdown. So probably a positive impact when you get out there later '21 and into '22.
Tom Toomey: And I would just add, when you look at our portfolio, where we've probably felt the most impact from new supply would be downtown San Diego, SoMa District in San Francisco and Downtown L.A.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jeff Spector of Bank of America.
Jeff Spector: Just, I know you guys have been through different cycles and the great geographic -- discuss or think about longer term, some of the different regions and future trends you expect at this point?
Tom Toomey: Let me take a shot at that. With respect to -- we're right in the middle of, if you will, the crisis of this pandemic. And often, I find it wise not to adjust our strategy in the middle of a storm. What you do adjust is your tactics. And you can see we laid a good foundation with the operating platform to address those tactical opportunities. And Mike and the team are working very diligently in executing that. As we've talked about what lies ahead on the backside of this, it's interesting when we start looking at the decision trees, as well as the opportunity sets. And the first cube we come up with on a decision is, well, do we come up with a virus vaccine? Do we come up with adequate testing? And do we go back to -- if we have those two things in hand in the next year, do we go back to February of 2020? Or is there something else that's going to evolve in that slow progression out of this? And so, I think it's just early for us to adjust our strategy. We'll keep revisiting that question, looking at the opportunity sets that come up. And what we do have, and I believe, is a very strong foundation to build off of, whether that's the team, the platform, the capital availability. So, no adjustment to strategy at this time. We'll play it through. But I think we could be sitting here six months from now with a completely different landscape. And what we'll be proud of is the tactical execution that we've done and probably reach that decision when that time comes best.
Jeff Spector: Thank you. Appreciate those comments. And does that also go for how the amenities or what you can offer, I guess?
Tom Toomey: I think Jerry and Mike can handle what we're doing on the individual community levels about opening those up.
Jerry Davis: One of our amenities have closed. We will open them up as soon as the cities allow. There will be a lot of protocols put in place to comply with social distancing, cleaning standards, things like that. But I think when you look at amenities going forward, over the last two to three years, what we've seen and a lot of our revenue-enhancing spend has been placed in converting things like theater rooms and spaces like that into smaller conference rooms and other types of work areas. So, I think that's going to be continuing. I think when Harry is building product in the future, we'll see how this plays out. If there's other things, we'll look to do. I think having high-speed Wi-Fi in buildings is also going to become much more of a selling point, as probably there will be more remote workers. But Harry, anything you want to add to buildings plans that you think about in the future?
Harry Alcock: No, I think, again, it's early. As Jerry mentioned. As we look to particular to build new buildings, we'll definitely look at things such as the quality of airflow and filtration systems. We'll likely further expand package rooms to handle increased delivery volume. We'll ensure that we're using antimicrobial surfaces such as quartz or Caesarstone, those types of things.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Nick Yulico of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Sumit Malhotra: Two broad questions, actually. One, I think you mentioned earlier on that collections were a little lighter on the Class B side of your portfolio. So just wanted to get a sense of renewal or blended lease pricing trends, as the differential being Class B and, let's say, the Class A kind of property? And then second question is more around DCP. Are there any active projects in your pipeline that could potentially suffer yield loss because of delays? And how are you guys structured around controlling disbursement or funding on those kind of situations?
Tom Toomey: Want to take the DCP, Harry?
Harry Alcock: So with respect to DCP, we're open to some more DCP. We expect new development starts to slow in the near-term, which likely impacts demand. But over time, we expect to be able to continue to deploying capital in DCP. And it is an investment class that we like and we continue to look to deploy capital in that area.
Joe Fisher: And then maybe just to add on to that, in terms of the protection that we have in place for some of those transactions, as you think about the underlying collateral or real estate, we've underwritten majority of those to about 5.5% to 6% type of yield on developers' numbers. So, if we do see a drawdown in terms of NOI expectations, think we have plenty of cushion to get down to our level of basis. If you look at our basis in general where our capital sits, we're kind of in that 55% to 85% of the stack. And you had asked about our ability to sign off on draws, we do have that ability. But when you look at our remaining funding within the developer capital program, we've only got about $14 million left at this point in time. Primarily related to the Thousand Oaks transaction, which we recently announced. So, all of the equity hasn't been invested behind us, most of our DCP capital, and now it's under the construction lender to finish out the funding.
Mike Lacy: Just to touch on the rents, are very comparable between As and Bs or even in suburban. And I believe you asked about delinquency, too. Again, we're averaging around 4% across our portfolio. New York is bouncing the highest due to corporate exposure. We're working with them right now on rent assistance, LA, which makes up about 4% of our NOI, is the next highest given regulatory environment there. Then you have Seattle, Austin and Nashville. They're all the lowest between 1% and 2%.
Joe Fisher: I'll just make an additional comment there on those delinquencies that Mike referenced at 4%. We do have payment plans or financial arrangements in place with, call it, about 1.5% of that delinquency, which over time, we think then reduces you to 97.5%. In addition to the fact that we continue to get payments coming in from individuals we do not have payment plans with. So we'd see those each and every day coming in. And so, we think that number will continue to go up in terms of cash collected for April.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Pawlowski of Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
John Pawlowski: Thank you. Mike or Jerry, as you guys ramped concessions in April, are there any markets that just did not respond to the increased concession, whether it be six or eight weeks break?
Mike Lacy: New York City has been the one, probably where it's a little bit more challenging right now because of the stay-at-home orders. So, while we did increase concessions to try to increase demand there, we quickly pivoted and we're finding that we're doing more of the virtual tours there, getting those Zoom tour that Jerry spoke to, and that's helping us out right now. And then as far as other markets, in some cases, we did a few loss leaders, where we're trying to drive demand. And you could see that in San Francisco. That did help us out to some degree, a little bit more than say New York City.
John Pawlowski: Sticking with San Francisco, revenue growth in the quarter, even pre-COVID-19 lagged pretty meaningfully. Could you share April occupancy and new lease growth for San Francisco portfolio?
Mike Lacy: So San Francisco today looks like we're around 94%. In April, we were 95.2%. And then our blended growth there today is right around 1% to 2%.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: Two things I want to address. The 11 JV properties that you put into your combined pool. Could you just maybe talk through the revenue benefits and the expense benefit? I noted on some of your disclosure that your controllable expenses turn negative. So I'd love to just understand a little bit more what the benefit of those new additions to the pool are?
Jerry Davis: Just to get everybody up to speed, that's about 3600 units, mostly it was deals we traded for in the MetLife transaction last year. Makes up about 8.6% of combined same-store NOI this year. So when you look at those assets, they had revenue growth of 3.9%, that compares to the 3% blended level. So it benefited total UDR revenue growth for same stores by 10 basis points because the legacy assets would have come in at 2.9%. A lot of that was actually in fee and other income, which is really attributable to our platform. As you know, 1 thing we've told everybody in the past about why we don't combine the MetLife joint ventures is we will have full control over those. The -- we have to run those in conjunction with an asset management function that doesn't always adopt our entire platform. So we've got those deals 100% back in the fourth quarter of last year, put the UDR platform on them. And like I said, you saw revenue growth come in at 3.9% for the first quarter. When you look at expense growth, expense growth in total was negative 6% almost at those net deals. That compares to 1.7% on a combined basis. So the legacy assets were at 2.7%. So we got about a 100 basis point benefit on the expense side. And when you look at the controllables, which is the question you asked, and that's where most of the benefit comes from the next-gen operating platform. We've been telling you about all of the benefits for the last year or 2 to UDR's same stores. And this was a good opportunity to see how quickly as we get the efficiencies from outsourcing, centralization, sharing staff between multiple properties that are close by how you could benefit. But the controllable expenses at those 3600 homes was down 9.7%. That compares to our legacy assets being held at flat, which is still a very strong number. The end result on a combined basis is they were down 110 basis points.
Joe Fisher: Just one thing for reference for everybody on the call. Within our supplemental on Attachment 5, we did provide a substantial amount of detail in terms of trying to make sure that we remain transparent. So you can see on Attachment 5, we do give detail on combined same-store that acquire JV same-store portfolio, as well as what you could call the legacy UDR same-store portfolio. So you can see rev, expense, NOI kind of back into some of the comps that Jerry is talking about on a rev, expense and NOI number. So, you can work the numbers yourself on that end, if you like.
Rich Hill: And then I'm sorry if you've already asked this question or answered this question. But for April, do you have any updates on the actual leases signed in April and what the rents look like? What I'm getting at is, some of the disclosure we've heard from some of your peers has been a little bit mixed. But if you have any updates on actual leases signed in April, that would be really helpful.
Mike Lacy: We signed between blend on the new and the renewal is around 2% growth.
Joe Fisher: But then for leases that go into effect in May, so leases that we may have signed in April, including news and renewals, well, we're not ready to give detail on that at this time. We do think they'll remain positive when we get to May. And so, when we get up to June NAREIT, we'll provide an update within our disclosure at that point in time. So you can kind of track these numbers forward in terms of collections, blends, traffic, etc.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rich Anderson of SMBC. Please go ahead.
Rich Anderson: So if I could maybe ask a little bit of a clinical question because it's more fun, I guess. So all of your peers are kind of in that 95%, 96%, 97% range of April collections, which is great. And really awesome for all of you. You guys included. But I'm curious how the realities of those conversations went. Were people just willing to pay the rent? Or were there like some negotiations that went on along the way or in some of those conversations, assuming that you have several levers from which to pull, to get people to pay their rent? Or was it just as simple as -- yeah, here's my rent payment. I feel like that there might have been more realities to those -- to many of those conversations to get you to that 96% level?
Mike Lacy: I'll tell you, it really goes down to the property level, and that's why we've taken that surgical approach from the beginning, and it's a case by case. So some markets, we've seen a little bit more where there's people coming in and they're negotiating versus others where it's been more of a business as usual. But for the most part, we only have about 700 payment plans today. So, I think there's a lot of pride out there and a lot of people that did come in and pay the rent.
Jerry Davis: I think most people have their jobs, have not been financially impacted too hard in our portfolio. And Mike, what did you say May collections were today?
Mike Lacy: 87%.
Jerry Davis: 87%, so that's people that just are normally going to pay on time. So, if you think that that was roughly the same as last month, we had to go work to really get the next 9%, I guess, I would say. And a lot of those people were the ones that were under financial distress, and we entered in these payment plans. Mike's talking about in some locations where late fees are not legal anymore. People didn't have the incentive to pay quickly and some of those would lag. But I think, by and large, our portfolio is of such a quality that the majority of people are going to pay on their own without a lot of negotiation or being forced to do it.
Joe Fisher: Toomey, one I didn't think, I was overly cynical. But what I found is...
Tom Toomey: Currently, on the collections negotiating status, what's intriguing is the ops platform, we've talked about a number of times. We've got history on every resident for their length of stay, their pattern of pay, their level of service, any issues they've had. And so, Mike and his team are armed with, listen, you've been a great resident, you've been with us 27 months, we understand you have a challenge right now. We want to work with you. We offer them our payment plan. A lot of them surprisingly, they look at it, and they just come back and say, well, I can pay this much, and we'll put them on terms. Others, I don't have it right now, what can I do? And so, he's got a team that's armed and while we say automation, it still does require people that have skills and data to sit down with people and try to work out a plan. And I think that's what you're seeing with respect to the April. You're here in May 7. We're still collecting money from those April rents, whether they're unemployment checks, government aid checks or they're out looking for work. But we want to be accommodating toward our residents to try to help them get through this and believe that on the back side of this, that goodwill, but also our brand and our image are maintained. And it's just going to be an individual-by-individual situation. Hard to throw a blanket over it. We shouldn't throw a blanket over it. We should be compassionate and accommodating.
Rich Anderson: Second question, when you think about the type of unemployment that's happened, maybe it's, I don't know, 20% of the US workforce or something. I don't know if I have that number exactly right. But how much of that has hit you directly in terms of people who have lost their jobs within your portfolios? Assuming a lot of this is service-oriented sector, I don't know how big that is in your portfolio, but I'm just curious about the direct hit for UDR?
Jerry Davis: Rich, it's hard to tell. If somebody got laid off and didn't come in and ask us for rental assistance, we're not aware of it. As Mike stated a little bit earlier, in April, we entered into 700 deferral plans with individual residents, which is a little bit under 2% of our portfolio. So, I would tell you, as of April, it wasn't very high. We're offering the same type of deferral plans for people that are under distress, and in the month of May, we do ask them to provide some sort of proof of their being financially impacted by the COVID virus. But right now, it's not that much.
Rich Anderson: But you don't have a read about what their jobs are, like when they come in the door, you don't have an understanding of their [Multiple Speakers].
Jerry Davis: We do. We just haven't gone back and looked at exactly where they work or if they got laid off. As we said, some of the markets we've felt more of it is in those hospitality markets in Orange County, as well as Orlando. But as far as I can tell today, they either still have their jobs or they're able to make their rent payments.
Mike Lacy: I mean, Rich, to realize, when we're in the application process, you do get a degree of comfort about what their position is. But our average resident is staying with us 28 months. They've moved on to and promoted, changed jobs, we really do not have mechanism to collect that. And it's often the deficiency of when people try to report income, well, how much of it's passive income, how much of it of W-2 or 1099, it's data but it's not useful. Their actions is what's useful. Their interaction is what's useful.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Neil Malkin of Capital One.
Neil Malkin: Just one on the operations side, Jerry or Mike. I'm wondering if the COVID pandemic has maybe shined a light or help expedite move to more technology or the next-gen platform or the capabilities in such a way that maybe that changes your operating cost model on a property level? In other words, you might not need as many people doing tours or back office or maintenance, et cetera. Is that something that you're kind of seeing come through?
Mike Lacy: Yes, Neil. I said a little earlier, we've been working on our new platform for about 3 years. A lot of it was really for that efficiency and to allow our residents to adopt self-service. I think what we've seen with the last 2 months is our customers were ready for it. They adopted it. And it's going to allow us to continue moving forward with this. And I also said that we're finding new things through technology to even enhance that self-service ability where they don't feel it as necessary to show up toward the site. So yes, I think you're going to see efficiency. I think, we've been talking for the last year, 1.5 years about contraction to our controllable margin. This quarter, our controllable margin grew by 60 basis points as a result of, again, controllable expenses being down 1.1%. So that shows some of that efficiency you're talking about. I would expect it to continue, but some of it has been accelerated.
Neil Malkin: Other one for me is, could you just maybe sort of juxtapose the coastal versus Sun Belt market, the major things you're seeing in terms of payback periods, moratorium, fees being suspended, anything along those lines that would give some help to understanding really what the economic and political or legislative environment looks like between those 2 parts of the country?
Joe Fisher: You're right. There has been a little bit of juxtaposition between different regions and states, while at the federal level, but we've been very, very thankful for all the efforts. It's fair to say that some of the local and state regulations have made operations more difficult in nature. When you just start with the shelter-at-home orders, as you look at the sequencing of when those come off over time, about 10% of our markets are actually open at this point in time. Those being here in Denver, Nashville, the Florida markets, Texas starting to open back up. So you are seeing more of a Sun Belt opening, and that's where we're really trying to figure out how to work through the operational reopening of the assets. When you get into some of these other restrictions, such as evictions moratoriums and other things, the evictions moratoriums generally are lasting longer. When you get into the coastal markets, again, California, Seattle, Massachusetts, Oregon, all those are longer. New York just recently changed theirs, I think last night or this morning to August 20. So, you do see longer eviction moratoriums on the coast, similarly with the payback periods. We've seen most of the payback period restrictions taking place in California markets, San Fran, LA, San Diego, Costa Mesa. And then out on the East Coast, DC Proper has more restrictions on payback period as well. So, it is a little bit more coastal in nature at this point in time. I don't doubt that that's part of the reason when you hear the commentary from Mike and Jerry on delinquencies and what we're seeing there. There probably are a few bad actors that are taking advantage of eviction moratoriums. But if and when they open up, we'll continue to work with them and try to get payments and be compassionate toward them, but also utilize the law on our side as well and try to get those collections that are contractually owed to us.
Neil Malkin: Just I guess, on that question, are you willing to -- if someone just says, I believe, kind of just letting them go, maybe taking a loss to get control of the unit back, how do you kind of weigh that decision?
Jerry Davis: I think a lot of it depends on how much demand we have at that particular property. If there's significant demand, we would probably consider it. If there's limited traffic coming in and low demand and high exposure, we're probably going to hold them to the lease.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Kim of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Kim: I guess, a similar question on geography differences on renewal rates. And are you just keeping them flat where it's mandated like California and New York? And so -- if so, what percentage of your markets are you at free market terms versus government-mandated renewals being flat?
Mike Lacy: So yes, we are taking this again property-by-property, market-by-market and pricing at market. So, when we're looking at renewals today, we've already priced out through July, and we're anywhere from 4% to 4.5%. That being said, we are working with those that are facing a hardship, and we do have regulatory pressures in a few counties and states. So, we'll see where they come in, but that's what we've been standing out as of now.
Joe Fisher: If you look at where we're at in terms of regulatory restrictions, I mentioned in terms of the rent-stabilized assets that are subject to Costa-Hawkins in California. We do see that in LA, San Fran, San Jose, where they've required 0% renewal increases for certain durations of time, depending on emergency periods or otherwise. DC Proper, it's through the emergency period plus another 30 days after that. And then the state of Washington as well have renewals of 0% here for another month or so. But obviously, caveat that that could change at any point in time. So, when you kind of look through the portfolio overall, we're probably just around 10% of our rents right now that are subject to flat renewal increases with the rest being very market and asset-specific, as Mike talked about.
John Kim: And then looking at your April update, it looks like you signed more new leases this April than last year, just looking at the application multiplied by closing ratio. Is that just because your portfolio is bigger or incentives that are being offered? Or can you provide some color on that?
Jerry Davis: When you really look at our closing ratio, Mike, why don't you go through the math on closing ratio because it's -- our supplement doesn't quite reconcile?
Mike Lacy: So we look at qualified traffic as somebody who's either calling us or hitting our website. And then we really look at visits and applications, and that's how we get to our closing ratio based on visits. So, what we've been seeing over the past few weeks is less people obviously coming to our properties where we have more of the stay-at-home orders in place. But those that are coming to our properties are more likely to rent. And so, we've seen that go over 50% to 60% as of late.
John Kim: So that ratio is multiplied by visits, not applications or traffic?
Jerry Davis: Right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Robert Stevenson of Janney. Please go ahead.
Robert Stevenson: Joe, what are you going to be accruing for bad debt now in 2020? And what's been your bad debt cost running you in a typical year like '19?
Joe Fisher: So I'll give you a historical first. Typically, when you exit a month, you've got about 1.5%, 2% of rents outstanding that you build. And so, over that subsequent period of time, leading all the way up into eviction process, you typically continue to collect. So that's why when you look in our press release, Q1 2020, we had 99.6% of rents collected. So, you can see we had about 40 bps that were still outstanding, waiting to be collected. As we go forward, we're going to be able to assess each individual tenant in each bucket and try to determine collectability at that time. So, I can't speak to how we are going to recognize revenue and therefore, what the collectability and bad debt is going to be as we move throughout the year because it's really going to depend on each individual circumstance. So, do they have a payment plan in place? Do they have a good payment history? Have they come to us and spoken about their ability to pay or that they're waiting for a governmental check that we will then receive? Or have they simply skipped and they're gone out at this point in time? And all of those have different collectible probabilities. So, we're going to assess that as we move through 2Q and continue to get more information. So hopefully, we'll better update in July when we get there for you.
Jerry Davis: Yes, I would tell you, historically, when you look at our portfolio, we look at net bad debt. So that's whatever you write-off this month, offset by whatever you've collected from previous write-offs. So, when Joe talks about the delinquency, sometimes it carries over. Sometimes people move out, but they come back to pay us. But when you really look at that net bad debt as a percentage of gross potential rents, it typically runs in the 0.1% to 0.3% range. So it's a fairly small number.
Robert Stevenson: And then what are you guys thinking is going to wind up being the sort of lost revenue chain from the lack of renting the spaces for corporate events, for parking, all the other sort of fees, probably less application fees, etc? What has that sort of all gone up to when you guys think about that today as to what you've sort of lost thus far?
Mike Lacy: I can give you a little bit more color on what we saw for the month of April. And just to go to your first question on the common areas, that was an initiative that was starting to ramp up for us. It's about 1% potential of our total other income or roughly $1 million over the course of the year. Right now, we have had to shut that down. But as amenity spaces start to open up, we expect that we can start to gain some momentum there again. But to late fees, admin fees, ad fees, things like that, they were about 55% to 60% of our total miss in April. And I'd tell you, in total, fees were off by off by close to $1 million.
Robert Stevenson: And as we think about operating expenses, are there additional operating expenses that we need to be thinking about of any material nature to deal with COVID and the challenges with the eviction bans and all this other sort of stuff that you're going to have to be dealing with throughout the remainder of 2020, just quantify…
Jerry Davis: There are some COVID expenses. We had to buy some PP&E, some cleaning materials, we actually -- we did -- are providing a bonus to our site associates for all of the policy changes they've had to endure over the last couple of months as well as the next few coming forward. You're going to have utilities expense go up as more people are staying in their homes. You're going to possibly, hopefully not have higher insurance claims as people stay in their homes more. You should have a -- you're going to have a higher level of cleaning cost for common areas as time goes on. Ideally, a lot of those costs are going to be offset by lower turnover. So when we kind of bundle all of our expenses up together today, we don't think it's a material difference from what we originally had guided to.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Alexander Goldfarb of Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Good afternoon. And I appreciate you guys staying after the close. Two questions really quick. First, up in Boston, what percent of your portfolio is traditionally occupied by overseas students?
Jerry Davis: Up in Bos, I don't think it's very high. We've got some in our 345 Harrison deal. I don't have that number on top of me at my fingertips, but we can get that back to you after the call, Alex.
Alexander Goldfarb: Basically, Jerry, if you don't know it off hand, it sounds like it's a pretty small number.
Jerry Davis: It's not material.
Alexander Goldfarb: Second question is on New York. Have your property manager has been getting a sense of what people thoughts are for this summer, whether they're going to renew or move out? Just -- I mean, certainly, we know what the rumbling is here, but obviously, our sample set is going to be different than your resident sample set.
Mike Lacy: We're still seeing really low turnover in New York right now. And as we've set out renewals, we haven't seen much of an increase in notices yet. We are seeing it a little bit more on the corporate side where we've had some exposure there. But as far as our traditional residents, they're still sticking in place for the most part.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Hardik Goel of Zelman and Associates. Please go ahead.
Hardik Goel: I realize it's late, so I'll keep it quick. Joe, I know you talked about this a little bit on the call, but if you could just rank what you see or what you perceive are going to be the best uses of UDR's capital in the coming year? You mentioned Developer Capital Program is still being very attractive. If you can highlight how you guys are thinking through that, would be really helpful?
Joe Fisher: So I think at this point in time, we talked about being patient. We're still trying to look for opportunities because we do believe we have capacity, given the strength of the balance sheet. But it's tough to really rank them, given the dearth of opportunities that are out there. You've seen the transaction market really shut down at this point in time. Development, obviously, in terms of starts is coming off, which impacts land opportunities, impacts DCP opportunities. So the only opportunity we have to really look at day in and day out is our stock price. And so, trying to compare near-term returns, cash accretion and long IRRs, it's pretty difficult in this environment. So, it's tough to commit to any one class of assets other than to say that we'll continue to pivot where we can to get the best risk-adjusted return.
Hardik Goel: And just as a quick follow-up. Any deals you did that don't look as good right now? I'm not saying that you're going to lose money on them, but the returns are lower than you would have thought?
Joe Fisher: I mean, obviously, we were incredibly active on the acquisition front using equity last year. And while it's possible the near-term return might be lower, given the rental rate environment that we're in today. The reality is that we used a source of capital that was priced attractively. We locked in that cost of capital, put it to work in new assets to add typically 5% to 10% upside due to the operational initiatives combined with the platform. So, I think that opportunity still exists. The current environment does not take away from those opportunities that we saw to expand margin, to expand NOI yields by 5% to 10%. The near-term market run growth, yeah, that may have come off, but it came off for our entire portfolio. So, the fact that we utilized cost of capital match locked in the accretion, I don't think we have any sense of regret other than probably wish we would have done a little bit more.
Operator: Thank you. We wish our next question is the last question. Our last question is coming from Haendel St. Juste of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Haendel Juste: So I guess, my first question is a bit of a twist or follow-up to an earlier question. You guys are in a unique position relative to your peers that have reported thus far, to give a broader perspective by market, price point, product type. So that gives you, I guess, a unique perspective to give color on the debate over higher-priced urban coastal apartments with greater COVID movement restrictions, but offset by a greater proportion of white-collar workers with greater work-from-home flexibility versus the Sun Belt, which has less COVID cases, fewer restrictions, but lower incomes and less flexibility to work from home. So, I guess, I'm curious on what your early read is here, urban coastal high-rise versus Sun Belt garden, lower price point, which is the two -- what have you seen recently that informs you? But more importantly, what are you thinking of over the next several quarters, which of these two groups can potentially outperform and why?
Jerry Davis: I probably throw it to Mike and potentially Timmy on more of a long-term. I would tell you, it's too early, as Tom said earlier, to make a real call on urban versus suburban. I can tell you right now, when we look at it, and Mike referred to this earlier, as we look at the delta between A and B and pricing power in April, whether it was on the renewal side or the new lease side, they're almost flat. It's really not much of a differential. I think you pegged it right, our Sun Belt in some of our B properties had residents that were probably at a higher risk of being in the service sector and could have lost their jobs. I think those -- and -- but I would say this traffic is probably picking up in those locations more rapidly because the cities are opening up. The urban core markets, traffic is slower as stay-at-home is still widely in effect. I would tell you, we also had some corporate exposure in a few of those markets that we felt some impact, but it wasn't material, but that's where the impact was. It was in those San Francisco, Boston, New York City locations. But I would tell you right now, when I look at how it all works out, whether you're talking; a, urban; b, suburban; they've all been impacted in some way, but it's in different ways. Traffic is perking up more rapidly in suburbia. But right now, we're just playing them property-by-property. They all have a little bit of a different story. I think Mike and his team are dealing with it well. Tom, I don't know if you would add anything to what you said earlier about the long-term aspects of these. And again, like I said, it's just too early to tell what this means for future quarters. It depends on when do cities lift stay-at-home mandates, when do employers expect people both to come back to work, but also when do they start rehiring for some of those jobs that have been laid off. And then when do consumers want to get back out there and start buying things. So, I think it's depending on a lot. It's just too early to make a call. Anything you want to add, Tom?
Tom Toomey: No, I think you got it right. I mean, you're just right in the middle of the storm. And as the cities open up, people start getting out, their patterns are going to start gravitating back to where they were before with the constraints. The constraints can go away with immediacy testing, different transportation, a vaccine, if those are six months or a year off, are people going to make a decision and live with six months of discomfort until a long-term cure is on the horizon. Will they make a decision in that window of time that impacts them for years to come, or will they hunker down and deal with the inconveniences and then when they're lifted, come back to normal. So it's just too early to overlay that rewinding of the economy onto a portfolio strategy and draw conclusion.
Haendel St. Juste: And maybe you guys could talk a little bit about the virtual tours. You mentioned earlier in the call, being a handy tool here, obviously, in a post-COVID world for your leasing efforts. Can you share perhaps what percentage of your tours conducted maybe in the month of April or during some time frame have been conducted virtually versus conventional? And then maybe some comment on the differential in conversion rates between these virtual and the more traditional in-person leases? Thanks. And on top of that, are you finding that you need to offer any incremental incentives as part of these virtual leases as well? Thanks.
Mike Lacy: This goes back to the whole property market, specifically, again, where we have places where we just can't give a guided tour and in some cases, can't even offer self-guided tours. Virtual tours are 100% of our traffic right now coming through the property. And in other cases, where we are starting to open up more, we're still doing the self-guided tours, and we have guided tours where we can. But I would say over the last week or two, as we looked at this technology, and we're utilizing the Zoom tour, that's starting to pick up more, and we're utilizing that as a very good tool to help us close.
Jerry Davis: And I would add, I don't believe, Mike can correct me if we've added, we've offered any additional incentive for virtual tours.
Mike Lacy: No, that's correct.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, operator. And first, let me start with, thanks to all of you for your time and interest in UDR. And certainly, we here hope that you are and your families are safe and healthy. Again, thanks to the team in the field, in Denver, very proud of what you've accomplished so far, and I can't say that enough. Very, very proud of you. On the business front, I'm reminded that America is extremely resilient, that you see the power of solutions come through in a variety of different ways. Grateful for that, but I do believe America is an extremely resilient society, and we will get through this. We have a business that is, frankly, a necessity. And we take that responsibility very seriously and at the same time, recognize it is a core of our business, and people will continue to rent, and we're grateful for that. Also very grateful to our experienced leadership team. We've been through different crises, different challenges, and they've risen to the challenge. On our teams in the field, I know you're focused, you've got the tools, the resources. We've discussed already that we have an abbreviated leasing season. But I am confident that they will perform well during this short leasing season that's going to be in front of us. Lastly, grateful that we have a diversified portfolio, a strategy that gives us optionality and a platform to build on. And we look forward to showing you more of this in the future and demonstrating again the right strategic decisions we've made and how they're going to build for our future. And with many of you, we'll see you at NAREIT. Look forward to that and certainly hope that you are safe and well in the interim, and please take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-12 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to UDR's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Director of Investor Relations, Trent Trujillo. Thank you, Mr. Trujillo. You may begin.
Trent Trujillo: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our Press Release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute Forward-Looking Statements. Although, we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and Risk Factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions to one plus a follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Trent. And welcome to UDR's fourth quarter 2019 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results as well as senior officers Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Our fourth quarter results highlighted by robust same-store NOI growth of 4.1% and FFO as adjusted per share growth of 7% continued to demonstrate strong execution across all aspects of our business. To recap, 2019 was a very good year for UDR and our shareholders. First, we continue to perform well on operations, which drove approximately 65% of our 2019 FFOA per share growth.  The year was highlighted by the ongoing development and execution of our next gen operating platform, which allows our current and prospective customers to engage with us online and in a self-service manner they have demanded across most aspects of their lives. Second, our capital sourcing and allocation remained disciplined, using equity priced at a premium to NAV and low cost debt to creatively grow our business through 1.8 billion in acquisitions. These acquisitions have significant operational and investment upside - are in markets targeted for expansion and will produce outside FFOA growth in 2020 and beyond. Third, we wound down KFH JV and halved our relationship with MetLife via an accretive asset swap. These actions simplified our business and added more high quality real estate on balance sheet. Fourth, we proactively and accretively derisked our enterprise through well timed issuance and pre-payments that extended our duration and improved our liquidity. And last, we accomplished these goals, while dramatically improving our resident satisfaction scores. Maintaining strong employee engagement and completing a wide variety of ESG related initiatives that enhanced our return. In summary, 2019 was a very good year and representative of what investors can expect from UDR as we continue to execute our long-term strategies. My thanks to the UDR team for their hard work in making 2019 a very special year. Turning to 2020, our business is strong as the fundamental landscape for apartments look like it will be fairly similar to that of 2019. Specifically, we expect a relatively robust economy and balanced supply demand environment, set against volatility that we have all come to see as normal. But whatever the macro environment, we believe we have the right strategy, portfolio and team in place to grow FFOA and the dividend per share at an elevated rate overtime through a variety of value creation mechanisms. For 2020 we are expecting 6% FFOA per share growth at the midpoint of our guidance and announced a 5% year-over-year increase in our dividend per share. Last, Warren Troupe, our Senior Executive Vice President will be transitioning to a consulting role with UDR effective April 1st. I have worked closely with Warren for 18-years and I'm thankful that UDR and its investors will continue to reap the benefits of his expertise in transactions, legal, risk management and capital markets activities for years to come. With that, I will turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks Tom and good afternoon everyone. We are pleased to announce another quarter and full year of strong operating results. Fourth quarter, same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth rates were 3.3%, 1.3% and 4.1%. Full-year 2019 same store growth rates were 3.6%, 2.5% and 4% respectively. As Tom alluded to in his prepared remarks, UDRs primary operating objectives are to consistently generate above peer average same-store growth while also expanding our operating margin both of which drive FFOA per share growth overtime. Over the years, we have successfully executed these objectives in a variety of ways. Prior to 2019 we primarily focused on top-line growth initiatives such as parking, short-term furnished rentals and common area rentals. In 2019 these top-line growth initiatives continued to produce outstanding results, but we also pivoted our strategy to more actively minimize controllable expense growth through the implementation of our next gen operating platform. Why did our focus shift? Three reasons. First, our customer increasingly expects to conduct business with us on their time, across a wide variety of industries intuitive, easy to use, self-service apps have come to define high quality service. Interacting with our customers should be no different, which is why the backbone of our NextGen operating platform is built on self-service. Second, centralizing certain operating functions, outsourcing others, providing better self service to our current and prospective customers and more actively utilizing the data we collect will result in greater efficiencies at our cost structure. By 2022 we expect these efforts will expand our controllable margin by 150 to 200 basis points, which translates into $15 million to $20 million in incremental run rate NOI or $300 million to $450 million in value creation at a 22 times multiple. Third, the consistent adoption and execution of operating initiatives that boost revenue growth, constrained expense growth and enhance FFOA per share growth is ingrained in UDR's cultural DNA. But the NextGen platform is and will remain somewhat of a distraction to our teams in the field and at corporate until fully implemented by the end of 2021. As we consider the sequencing of growth initiatives over the coming years, cost efficiency will be the focal point in 2020, with additional revenue growth initiatives beginning to come online in 2021 and beyond, once our property technology and data analytics platforms are fully built out. Moving on, we are now a year and a half into the implementation of the platform and have achieved approximately 25% of the original underwritten NOI improvement. Thus far, our controllable margin has expanded by 60 basis points, and slight level headcount has been reduced by more than 15% through natural attrition. After reducing our same-store controllable expenses by 0.4% in 2018, 2019 controllable expense growth was just 0.9%, resulting in average annual growth of only 0.3% over the last two years, versus 1.8% for the peer group. For 2020, we expect our controllable expense growth to be at or below this level. At the same time, 2019 resident satisfaction scores improved by 11% and we anticipate further improvement in 2020. As such, expanding our margin through cost and headcount reduction is clearly not resulting in a decline in actual or perceived customer service. Rather, is more efficiently delivering a superior all around experience to our customers. Our NextGen operating platform is proving to be a win-win for UDR, our associates, our residents and our investors. We are excited to update you on our continued progress and expected economics throughout 2020 and beyond. Next 2020 has started well, occupancy remains high at 96.9% and our $1.8 billion in 2019 acquisitions are ahead of underwriting expectations. As a reminder, we expect the weighted average yield on these acquisitions to improve from a trailing 4.7% of purchase to above 5.5% by year three. These accretive investments will continue to drive our FFO growth and value creation for years to come. Looking ahead, full-year 2020 same-store revenue expense and NOI growth ranges are 2.7% to 3.7%, 2.2% to 3.0% and 2.9% to 3.9%, respectively. Drivers of our revenue growth include higher rents including Smart Home contribution and slightly higher occupancy. Offset by a lower contribution from other income, as a growth rates from initiatives rolled out over the past several years such as parking, short-term furnished rentals moderate and lower utility expenses reduce our reimbursement revenue.  It is important to note that as 2020 unfolds, our quarterly same-store growth rates will be higher than our year-to-date same-store growth rates as 2019 acquisitions move into our quarterly same-store pools. In addition to MetLife JV communities acquired in 2019 are included in our full-year 2020 same-store pool. These are not expected to significantly impact same-store growth rates. Their inclusion will provide more transparency through 2020 beginning with our first quarter supplement. At the market level, we expect 2020 top-line growth rates will exhibit less variability than in years past. The Monterey Peninsula, Portland, and Boston markets are forecast to grow same-store revenue at a rate above the high-end of our 2.7 to 3.7 portfolio growth rate range in 2020. New York, Baltimore and Orange County should come in below the low end. All other markets are forecast to grow revenue within the collars of our portfolio growth ranges. Regarding accelerating versus decelerating markets in 2020 versus 2019. We expect the Portland, Tampa and New York will generate the highest year-over-year acceleration in 2020 same-store growth. And San Francisco, Seattle and Baltimore are forecast to decelerate the most. In closing, I would like to thank all UDR associates in the field and at corporate for producing another year of robust operating growth, successfully integrating 1.8 billion of acquisitions and continuing to embrace the future in the form of our next gen operating platform. 2019 was an eventful and very rewarding year. I'm immensely proud of each of you. With that, I will turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Fisher: Thank you, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 results. Full-year 2020 guidance expectations, a transactions and capital markets update and a balance sheet update. Our fourth quarter earnings results came in at a midpoint of previously provided guidance ranges. As appose adjusted per share was $0.54 approximately 7% higher year-over-year and driven by strong same-store and lease-up performance, accretive capital deployment and lower interest rates. Full year FFOA per share was 208 representing year-over-year growth of over 6% and driven by factor similar to our quarterly results. Next, our full-year 2020 guidance. Full-year FFOA per share guidance is 218 to 222, driven by continued strong operations, 2019 capital deployment and interest expense savings. Primary drivers of these $0.12 of growth between our 2019 FFOA of 208 and our 2020 midpoint of 220 per share include a positive impact of approximately $0.07 from same-store, stabilized JVs and commercial operations, a positive impact of approximately $0.05 from transactional activity, DCP, development and redevelopment, a positive impact of approximately $0.03 from lower financing costs, flat year-over-year G&A and the negative impact of approximately $0.03 from a variety of other corporate items, including groundless recess and amortization of certain next gen operating platform investments. A full guidance update including sources and uses expectations, and first quarter guidance ranges, is available on attachment 15 of our supplements. Moving on to transact transactions in capital markets. During 2019, we acquired approximately 1.8 billion communities at share at a weighted average trailing yield of 4.7% with equity priced at a premium to NAV and low cost debt. As Jerry mentioned in his prepared remarks, we see this weighted average yield grow into about 5.5% by year three generating an additional 10% NOI growth above and beyond the 3% annual market rate growth we used in our underwriting. This encapsulates UTRs value proposition when we are able to overlay our well-tuned operating platform combined with targeted CapEx investment on undermanaged assets that are located at markets targeted for expansion. In short, we can buy assets at market prices, but drive above market returns and growth overtime. We utilize this value creation equation again subsequent to quarter end by purchasing the Slade at Channelside, a 294 home community and Tampa for $85 million or $290,000 per home. Similar to our 2019 acquisitions, we anticipate Slade's yield growing from 4.6% in year one to 5.3% by year three. Next, during the quarter we pre-funded the majority of the acquisition of Brio 259 home community in Bellevue, Washington on which we have $170 million fixed purchase price option in 2021 with a $115 million note at a 4.75% interest rate. This property is contiguous to our existing elements and elements to properties in Bellevue and after stabilization will be operated as a phase of those properties thereby garnering operating efficiencies. Regarding the Developer Capital program subsequent to quarter end, we exercised our purchase option to buy the 51% we did not already own of the Arbory, a West Coast Development JV Community with 276 homes in suburban Portland. Our cash outlay for the transaction totaled $54 million including the payoff of debt. The Arbory is expected to generate a year one FFO yield of approximately 5.4% on our all-in blended price. Finally on the topic of transactions, during the fourth quarter, we closed the $1.8 billion UDR, MetLife joint venture transaction that was originally announced in August, which effectively halved our relationship with MetLife. We believe this deal was a win-win for both sides and continue to value our partnership with Met. Turning into 2020, we will remain disciplined with our capital sourcing and allocation and pivot to investments that provide the best risk adjusted return should we have an advantageous cost of capital and can match fund. If further external growth opportunities present themselves in 2020, we will continue to evaluate all capital sources. Currently we have approximately $300 million of assets being marketed for sale. Regarding capital markets, in December we settled all 1.3 million shares sold under our previously announced forward sales agreement and a forward price $47.41 with net proceeds of 63.5 million. No additional equity was issued during or subsequent to the quarter. During the fourth quarter, and as previously announced, we continue to take advantage of the low interest rate environment by issuing $400 million of unsecured debt and a weighted average effective rate of 3.1% with a weighted average 13.9 years to maturity, $300 million of this debt qualified as a green bond and represented our first use of this ESG friendly product. Proceeds were used to prepay $400 million or 4.65% unsecured debt. Please see our supplement for further details on our transactional and capital markets activity. Moving on to the balance sheet, at quarter end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, net of the commercial paper balance was $867 million. Our consolidated financial leverage was 34% on un-depreciated book value and 26% on enterprise value, inclusive of joint ventures. Consolidated net-debt-to-EBITDA RE was 6.1 time and inclusive of joint ventures was 6.0 times. Our consolidated leverage metrics at your-end looks slightly elevated due to only having one month of NOI from the acquired MetLife communities set against the full debt load of those communities. Normalizing for this would bring our consolidated net net-debt-to-EBITDA RE down to approximately 5.8 times and within our targeted range. Over the next three years, less than 3% of our debt comes due after excluding our commercial paper facility and working capital credit facility. Additionally, our weighted average duration is now over seven years. Both of these put us in a advantageous position regarding three year liquidity. We remain comfortable with our credit metrics and don't plan to actively lever up or down. Moving on, in conjunction with our release yesterday, we announced a 2020 annualized dividend per share of $1.44. A 5.1% increase over 2019. Last, we would like to officially welcome Trent Trujillo to the UDR team as our Director of Investor Relations. Trent will be running our day-to-day Investor Relations, and we are happy to have him on board. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Jerry, you talked about the same-store revenue growth assumptions. What is embedded in guidance in terms of blended lease rate growth and if you can discuss new and renewals expected in 2020?
Jerry Davis: Yes Nick this is Jerry. Blended lease rate growth is expected to be fully comparable to last year, right around at 3% range. With renewals probably in that 1% or so range. And what was your second question?
Nick Joseph: No, that was that entire question. I was thinking to ask about the new lease rate growth in fourth quarter we saw turn negative and the spread between that and the previous year widen. So I was wonder if you could provide some more color on that.
Jerry Davis: Yes, really when you look at that Nick, 4Q of 2018 was a pretty exceptional year where you didn't see the normal seasonal softness that we witnessed in prior years. We look at 4Q of 2019, new lease rate growth was negative 0.5, that compares to negative 0.5 in 4Q of 2017. And to a flat in 4Q of 2016. So 2018 at 1% was more the aberration. In that quarter, we didn't feel the effects of new supply that we have seen in the other three years in the past four. I will tell you when you look at January though, we have seen a normal seasonal acceleration. Blended growth is up 2.4% which is higher than it was in the fourth quarter, but honestly, it is 60 basis points higher than it was in December. So you are seeing good sequential monthly acceleration, but it still is 40 basis points less than it was in January of last year.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. That is helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question 
Nick Yulico: Thanks. Just going to the guidance, Jerry. Just a couple questions. I think you said that for 2020. Obviously, the same-store pool is changing a lot. But did you say that there is no real benefit or detriment from having a higher pool meaning that, if we didn't change the pool your same-store numbers would be similar?
Jerry Davis: Yes. When I said well the inclusion of the MetLife portfolio into the full-year same-stores the delta to revenue and expenses is fairly immaterial. What we are really saying is, as you see the sequential or each quarterly growth rate as the year rolls on. Acquisitions we made last year will be rolling into the pool. So those are expected to have higher growth rates than in full-year pool of same-stores.
Joseph Fisher: Hey Nick, this is Joe. Maybe just to add to that a little bit in terms of MetLife. That goes back to one of the reasons that we had talked about in terms of why we liked the assets that we acquired, meaning that they had less near-term supply pressure. So I think investors are used to seeing MetLife portfolio underperform a little bit relative to legacy, same-store. But for Jerry's comments, you are seeing that the MetLife assets that we acquired right there in-line with our same-store legacy portfolio. And we will end up breaking that out for you on attachment five, starting in 1Q of 2020. So you can see legacy MetLife, as well as the combined, which is what we guided to.
Nick Yulico: Okay that is helpful And then I don't know if I missed this, but can you just quantify what the impact is from rent control initiatives in New York and California on 2020 same-store revenue?
Jerry Davis: So it is in that 10 to 15 basis points range. I think back in the third quarter, we told everybody New York was 500 to a million range [1482] (Ph). We did the calculation after that came out is about $300,000 or so. And then you know the other thing that is impact this is a bit is anti-gouging laws that went into effect in California in response to wildfires in the fourth quarter. And a bit of an effect on 2020 as far as short-term furnished rentals in California of a couple hundred thousand dollars.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Just one last question is going back to 2019, the final number on same-store NOI growth. It looks like you ended up hitting the bottom of your guidance range and I think you also revised it up a little bit that range in the third quarter. So what happened it ended up driving you know the low end of the revise range?
Jerry Davis: Yes, it was really couple of things primarily. One is we had two significant fires in the portfolio that in October that took somewhere in the 40 to 50 unit range out of service for the entire quarter, which drove down our occupancy a bit. Secondly, as I said on the California anti-gouging laws that were put in place from late-October through late-November, it had not only an effect on short-term furnished rental income in the first quarter of 2020. But also some impact in the last month or two of 2019. And we had elevated levels of insurance expense, as well as some elevated electricity costs.
Nick Yulico: Alright, thanks everyone.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shirley Wu with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question 
Shirley Wu: Hey guys, thanks for taking the question. So I guess my first question has to do with occupancy. So this coming year, you are thinking a little bit higher in occupancy. Is that a function of kind of bringing those 40, 50 units back online or is that a little bit of a shift in strategy in maintaining your occupancy by pulling back on rates?
Jerry Davis: It is really not pulling back on rates, I will tell you, as we get more information on data analytics, the third phase of our platform is data science and there is a couple of things we have been determined as we have had first looks at this, we think are going to allow us to reduce the number of days, units at vacant from when a resident moves out to when they move in. Every day we can reduce that to about 12 basis points of occupancy pickup. So it is really more focused on that than anything with playing with rent versus occupancy.
Shirley Wu: Got it. That is helpful. And so my second question is on your Smart Home initiative. So you guys have gotten around 60% of the homes so far. So can you talk a little bit about your cadence in 2020 and the contribution to revenue growth from the initiative?
Jerry Davis: Yes in 2020, our expectation is to add another, call it 7000 to 10,000 homes, probably most of those would be completed in the first half of this year. So as the earning comes in the expectation when you look at how much it is going to contribute to that portion of rent growth, call it 60 basis points. When you factor in the follow through from what we did last year as well as the new leases that go into effect in 2020.
Shirley Wu: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: Hey good morning guys. Just a quick question on NextGen OP and there is an impact to FFO and then you are going to capitalize certain parts of the total costs, or can you just walk us through sort of the accounting there and maybe how much of the amortization of certain expenses that is hitting FFO and just break it down that way really quickly.
Joseph Fisher: Yes, hey Rich it is Joe. So in terms of the, call it $30 million that we have laid out for expenditures for the platform that is being spent in 2019 and 2020, we ended up capitalizing that and depending on the actual investment it typically averages out to about five to six years of amortization. So once that is prepared and ready to be put into service, we start the amortization period, which is really starting to kick in here in the first quarter as we bring more of the process or project online. In terms of the impact, it starts out at call it between one and two pennies this year and ramps up to around two pennies on a go-forward basis until it burns off and - through it also, say non-cash impact is just non OREO depreciation that works against us from a FFOA head point.
Rich Hightower: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that Joe. And then maybe just a little bit bigger picture question, as we contemplate 2020, if you had to pick one or two factors maybe across supply, growth, job growth or changing customer preferences as we think about maybe a move out to the home purchase and things like that, you know, where do you think the biggest risk to your forecast could be at this time?
Joseph Fisher: Yes, I think more so on job and wage front. I think on the supply side, we have a pretty good handle in terms of where we are leveling out there in terms of supply being up, call it flat to up 10% in our markets. On the irrational pricing front, we really haven't seen any on a market wide basis. Of course, some of that is taking place on a sub market specific basis. So, I think we have a good handle on the supply front. The demand front is where we would be more concerned, either to the upside or downside that could drive pricing power in either direction. But obviously the jobs report the last couple months have been fairly strong, wages have been strong, power have been strong. So, we feel good about it at this point, but that is probably the bigger variable for this year.
Rich Hightower: Got it. Thank you Joe.
Joseph Fisher: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thank you. Just to clarify the same-store results that you have this year. So, it sounds like the quarterly results will be higher than the full-year figure just given the acquisitions from last year being added to the pool. And I was wondering if you could just quantify what that difference may be if you averaged the quarterly versus the full-year?
Jerry Davis: I don't have that number right in front me. We will probably have to give you a call back with that unless Joe has it.
Joseph Fisher: No. We will come back to you on current quarterly impact, but you will probably see between 10 and 20 bips pick up between quarterly pool and full-year pool as we move throughout the year.
John Kim: Okay. I guess it has been a couple of months since the press reported your interest in the [indiscernible] multifamily portfolio and obviously it is not in your guidance. But do you want to describe what the situation is like as far as your relationship to the deal that supported?
Joseph Fisher: Hey John it is Joe. Obviously not going to make any comments on rumors that are out there in the market. So, don't think we are in a position to talk on that front. I guess what we would say is generically when it comes to external growth and capital deployment. We have laid out a pretty clear set of parameters by which we have operated and tend to continue to operate, be that making sure we get near-term FFO growth and accretion. Make sure that we are match funded, leverage neutral, risk neutral. And making sure the assets we looked to acquire have NOI and platform upside to help drive some of that accretion. So, none of that has really changed. The other piece with external growth to think about. We have talked in the past about development pipeline where we want that to trend towards. We spent most of the cycle at a billion plus. We have talked about getting back to 2% to 3% of enterprise value. I think when you look at the current pipeline of $300 million plus land that we have and opportunities that we have internally, I think we have a good path to get back to that. So, let's get the comment so we can make an extra growth at this time.
John Kim: Okay. understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Stevenson with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question. 
Robert Stevenson: Good afternoon guys. Jerry, when you guys did your budgeting for 2020, what market has the widest bands between the likely top and bottom in terms of possible outcomes on same-store revenue?
Jerry Davis: Probably Seattle. Seattle is one every year you look - projected to have significant supply impact. But job growth always seems to come in and surprise to the upside. We also have been a very adept in recent years to push through and get high penetration levels on our other income initiatives. But, it is one of those, I can tell you, for example, in Redmond, we have one asset, there is a couple thousand units coming online there. Right now, we are not feeling as much of an impact from that as you would have expected. So it is just interesting to watch, especially on that East side of Metro Seattle, their ability to both take supply, but because of the significant job growth that you see in places like Belleview, Redmen, Kirkland, that it gets absorbed so quickly at such high rate. This past quarter our Bellevue assets had revenue growth of 5.2%.  Now, you look at Amazon, which has jumped across lake Washington to there. And they have 2,000 jobs in Bellevue today, going to increase it by another 2,500 by the end of this year, and I believe they have taken well over three to 3.9 million square feet of space that could accommodate eventually 25,000 Associates on that side of the lake. You compound that with other tech companies that are coming over into the East side, whether it is Facebook, Microsoft, expanding their campus, Google, things just feel very strong. So that would be the one that I would say probably has the widest variants followed by San Francisco, we have told you, fourth quarter we began to see or feel the impact of new supply both in Soma as well as down in Santa Clara. San Francisco is another market that if you don't feel a rational pricing, and we are not feeling it yet today, that job growth and its quality job growth can absorb those units very quickly. So that is another one, I would say that can surprise to the upside.
Robert Stevenson: Okay. And then when you guys look at supplying your California markets over the next, whatever, 18, 24 months or whatever, you guys have good data on. How much of this stuff has condo maps. And do you guys expect that the various legislation and ballot initiatives in California are going to make condo projects and or conversions more attractive, which could also help a little bit on the supply side on the rentals?
Joseph Fisher: Hey Rob, it is Joe. So when we look at our supply when we track the permitting data that is out there. And say California generally is probably one of the markets that has trended lower from a permanent activity. So, over the last three to six months, you have seen permits nationally tick higher, really is led by more of the Sunbelt markets and a little bit on the East Coast. But West Coast has been looking better. As it relates to the condo mapping, we have not gone to that level of detail to figure out how much of that supply or permit activity is related to that. So really no comments on that front.
Robert Stevenson: Okay. Because presumably, your high rise stuff in these West Coast markets is the stuff that where you have supply coming online is probably the easiest to do condos, right. I mean and so some of your supply if you are going to get hit with would make the best condo conversions or condo sales just right out of the box. Is that right?
Joseph Fisher: Yes, potentially.
Robert Stevenson: Okay. thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Wesley Golladay: Hi guys, I just few DCP questions for you. What are your expectations for Alameda point block?
Harry Alcock: Wes this is Harry. Right now we have a land loan in this project that we have had for a couple of years. The land loan matures at the end of March, the developer continues to work through final pricing and in the like we have an option upon satisfying certain conditions to provide sort of permanent DCP and that, but we are not at a position yet to be able to comment on it.
Wesley Golladay: Okay, a potential expansion may happen, would that be a potential assumption there?
Thomas Toomey: Wes this Toomey, certainly that would be one consideration. We will look at what Harry highlighted when the numbers come in. But what we are excited about Alameda is in August, I believe the Ferry starts its operations and so that whole corridor is going to be activated and we like the price point relative to the markets around it. So I think it is going to be an area to keep your eye on. And we are hopeful we can find a deal inside of that.
Joseph Fisher: And Wes I guess that the project itself has made tremendous progress in terms of infrastructure, in terms of road now connecting the rest of Alameda to the waterfront. The first market rate of apartment project has started construction of the first two town hall, water sale projects has started construction. So it has now turned into real viable project at this point.
Wesley Golladay: Okay. And then looking at Brio, could you just bought that asset today and done the lease up yourself, it looks like, you know, you guys would do a much better job on the lease up than a developer. So how would you think about that versus a doing a secured loan for a year?
Harry Alcock: Wes this is Harry. So the structure is that we funded 115 million at 4.75% with an option to acquire the property, one year post TCO, which will happen sometime next year. UDR if we are managing the lease up, we get some new significant operational synergies on this and the structure allows us to mitigate lease up dilution while still managing the lease up. It gives us a fixed price option next year, we fund 75% of the purchase price today. Now we have done business with this developer in the past. We like the asset and location.
Jerry Davis: You know, what I would add to that. Harry said we get synergies just to let you know this deal is in Bellevue. I just gave you an update of all the positive things happening over in Bellevue, Kirkland. But, what makes this deal more enticing to us as it is contiguous to two additional phases of elements, buildings that were built by the same developer. We will have price differential between Brio and the 10-year and I guess nine-year old product that it will be run with. But series said you will get synergies, we think we will be able to run meet this property on stabilization, maybe one extra person in the office and one extra person in maintenance. So, quite a bit of a benefit being located right there and being able to lay on our operating platform.
Wesley Golladay: Yes. It makes lot of sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hi good morning. Jerry, you mentioned that you plan to turn the focus back to revenue initiatives in 2021. You will still be reaping the benefits, I guess from the expense efficiencies over the next three years, but can you give us a sense of what those new revenue initiatives are that you are exploring and the potential magnitude of that opportunity?
Thomas Toomey: Hey Austin, this is Toomey. Maybe I would stepped back and I will get to let Jerry answer that question, but a couple of things come to mind. And you know, I have been at this 25 plus years and I have seen over that trend developments, excuse me, investors focus, shift away from development, capabilities, to consolidations to market mix to the last five years has probably been around revenue. But our strategy and our view has always been that long-term value creation, share price appreciation comes from cash-flow growth. And you have got seven companies today that are really good and you can see it in the convergence of our revenue on top of each other and very little differentiation. But ultimately, starting in 17 we started to look at it and say, where is our customer going, where is our margin going, because mature businesses eventually arrive at that conclusion and after 2017 concluded and started implementing in 2018 our operating platform and whether you have a billion of revenue or three billion, 100 to 300 basis point margin expansion, it is a heck of a lot of value on the table. And I'm really happy that we are after that you can see our progress that Jerry and team are reporting on that front. And I think the best days lie ahead. But when I look back at the last years, one thing I'm struck by is in 2018 we grew cash flow 6%, 2019, 6% and 2020 at the midpoint 6%. I would like to keep that trend goal and I think what Jerry and the team are all working on with respect to the initiatives in the platform, certainly are going to be the biggest driver of that going forward. So, I think the industry is arriving at a new door of opportunity. We are all going to go through it. There is no doubt in my mind about that because our customers already stepped through that door, and how we implement it and the speed which we implement it, will be the differentiating point. But you talked about revenue and potentials off of the platform. I will kick it back to Jerry and let him talk about where he is headed.
Jerry Davis: Yes, I mean I answered some of this earlier. But when we look at the data science component of the NextGen operating platform, I would tell everybody here that is got first glimpse of it, it has gotten pretty excited. We see opportunities to better price our homes, when you can see things spatially through heat maps, opportunities jump off the page at you and you can just identify and really quantify where there is opportunities that you were missing when the information was either in a spreadsheet or just not quite as visible. The other thing I think we are going to be able to do much better job on is improving resident retention, as we are able to accumulate more information about our residents and where is the best place we can go acquire, those residents in the future. I think it is going to help us drive down turnover, increase retention. And, I think we are also going to be able to gain more and more data, compare communities to each other find best practices to reduce the time it takes to reoccupy homes or the way we always say this reduce the number of vacant days. So, I think what you are going to see is most of it is going to come on the true occupancy and rent side, not other income initiatives that we are going to find through this data science.
Austin Wurschmidt: That is helpful. I appreciate all the commentary and thoughts there. And I guess that kind of goes a little bit into the next question, given the ability to acquire market cap rates and generate upside and cash flow growth. At this point, your acquisitions though, have been largely one-off more surgical opportunities over the last couple years and spread out fairly well geographically, but just wondering if there are any markets where you feel like you are significantly under exposed or under index to, that you would like to take a little bit more of a concentrated run at potentially through a larger transactions or a series of one-offs.
Joseph Fisher: Hey Austin it is Joe. I think our diversified approach continues to expand in terms of when we deploy capital, over the last 12 months to 18 months you have seen us all up and down the East Coast. You have seen us down in the Florida markets. We just talked about Brio and what we are doing there in Seattle. I do you think we would like to be more active in [indiscernible] but trying to map out the risk reward and the cap rates that we get there, which are fairly compressed. So, I think you will see us continue to be diversified in the approach and spread our best and try to match on those and go get NOI upside of the platform.
Thomas Toomey: And I would just say, there is a lot of opportunity when you think about our footprint today and the buying the one next door, buying the one down the street. We don't lack for an opportunity set, we just have to be very disciplined about making sure that we accrete create the value and not the seller. And so we are going to stay focused on what we have been doing and it is worked.
Austin Wurschmidt: Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Hill: Hey guys. Hey Joe, I think this might be a question for you given it is maybe a little bit of a guidance question. But it sounds like you guys are getting much, much smarter on your NextGen OP big data. So I'm wondering as we think about that 3.4 full-year NOI guide. How are we supposed to think about that cadence Is it still very time to leak peak leasing season? Are we supposed to think that as you get smarter and more efficient that we are going to start to see some acceleration in the back half of the year?
Joseph Fisher: Hey Rich, it is Joe. We have traditionally not provided quarter-by-quarter guidance as it relates to same-store. So, probably not going to start at this point, we would provide at 1Q FFO guidance. So probably going to leave it at that. And then you will see the cadence developed throughout the year.
Richard Hill: I figured I tried Joe, I'm not asking for thoughts. But figured I tried. Understood, understood. So coming back to the development. I think we have chatted in the past that maybe that could get up to 500 million versus a $1 billion at the peak. So I think you have referenced some land deals are starting to pencil out a little bit more. Can you just walk us through what is driving that increase and development, potentially?
Joseph Fisher: Maybe just some quick historical context. Maybe here Harry will jump in too. We had been at a billion plus for most of the cycle. So we have been very disciplined around making sure we get that 150 and 200 basis points. We haven't been focused on maintaining it a billion at all costs. So you saw that billion shrink to zero kind of from the 2016 to 2019 timeframe as deal is completed. At this point in time, we have been working on land for quite a while, you saw the Denver parcel that we acquired last year. You saw the Union Market deal in DC that we acquired last year, both of which have been worked on for an extended period of time. Today, we got the $300 million pipeline across three deals. Union Market is not in the active pipeline as of quarter end, but we expect it to be shortly. That is about 140 plus or minus deal. So that will take the pipeline up. In addition, the Vitruvian to the MetLife transaction, where we had Vitruvian West 1 and now West 2 in the pipeline. We have been getting good deals with those on the mid-sixes. And so we have Vitruvian West 3 that we think will be able to move forward with your in short order.  So that will get you back to that plus or minus a half billion, I think, depend on circumstances cost of capital and opportunities, that probably ticks a little bit higher than that in the 2% to 3% range of enterprise. So call it $500 million, $600 million, $700 million, $800 million. But that is easy to fund when you think about the cadence of it, and the free cash flow that we throw off of 120, 150 a year, the leverage capacity that we have each and every year. And then the dispositions that we typically put out there as normal course business. So definitely not anything insurmountable from a funding standpoint.
Richard Hill: Got it. And just for clarification, this is an addition to and not lieu of the CDP program, right?
Joseph Fisher: It is a standalone, so when we talk about 500 to 700, that is typically ground up, consulted at development that we are speaking to. When you look at DCP we always traditionally thrown out there kind of the 300 million, 350 million, 400 million type of number of which we sit in the high twos today, we have some capacity to add there as well.
Richard Hill: Got it. I'm sorry for the confusing question. What I really meant was you wouldn't be reducing development capital program to increase development, it would be development increasing while the development capital program stays where it is, maybe even increasing a little bit more.
Joseph Fisher: Correct.
Richard Hill: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey good morning out there. First just a congrats to Warren, so well done. So two questions Jerry on the Smart Home technology front in answering one of the earlier questions you mentioned the revenue opportunities, occupancy and expenses, you know, the expenses I get, obviously you guys had talked about personnel retention, being able to retain your better employees and not have to go through the people cycling in and out. But as far as occupancy and rent, you know, you guys are like 96% plus, you know, the industry has had yield star or LRO any number of the pricing systems. And you said that this really isn't about driving other income. Can you just elaborate more where the Smart Home - I get it on the operational, on the expense side, but where on the revenue side if you have had really good occupancy and you have had really good rent growth through the system is where the Smart Home will help you grow on the revenue side.
Jerry Davis: On reality Smart Home, we get a rent increase at a new lease terms, call it that $20 range. We do think there is efficiency that we gain either through our maintenance people, our prospective residents being able to do some kind tours and be able to utilize the Smart Homes. Implementing leak detection devices drives down RNM as well as insurance costs. But I don't foresee Smart Homes are going to drive occupancy. I think there is that rent pickup that you get as you add that amenity that again allows a lot more flexibility for entering your apartment, dog sitter or somebody like that have access to it. But when we look back as we have installed these Smart Homes and look at what our market rent has done in those communities from the time before we installed till after we are comfortable that we are getting that $20, $25 pop in rents.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then, Joe, just the perfunctory rent control obviously the latest from Albany is if they are looking at CPI plus three, which is, you know, light better than the CPI plus one and a half, but still obviously would not be a positive thing. Maybe you can just give your latest thoughts on what will happen in Albany and then also how that is affecting you guys looking at New York City, if you are still actively looking in New York or if you are interested in the region is now exclusively in the suburbs.
Joseph Fisher: Hey Alex. So maybe just to clarify on Albany, you may have more information than we do on this, but I think the way we looked at it, it was the greater of CPI times 1.5 or 3%. So it seemed like they were setting a 3% floor on renewals, but you still have vacancy decontrol. So, just want to clarify that. So if that is the scenario and you still have vacancy decontrol, you still have the upside on news and you get 3% renewals as a floor. It is not what we would ideally like to see. You know, we would like to see a more constructive discussion around public, private partnerships, up zoning densification, less regulation, things of that nature. But it is a factor that plays into our thinking when we are thinking about New York City and allocation there, as well as the broader region as well. It goes in a qualitative factor but that is pretty consistent nationally as well. You know, we are seeing increased activity nationally, and so it goes into our thinking everywhere, but that is why we like to diversify the platform that we have.
Alexander Goldfarb: But would you still consider buying in New York or you are more focused on Jersey?
Joseph Fisher: We would still consider New York. We would consider New Jersey as you saw with One William last year. New Jersey also is talking about CPI plus 5% I believe. So, I think there is a number of markets out there that are looking at that. So we will take into account each time we look at a transaction.
Alexander Goldfarb: Thanks Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with Capital One Security. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Malkin: Hey guys thanks. First, I want to touch on capital allocation. Given your track record, very good operating ability and capital costs both on equity and debt that are favorable. Just maybe could you talk about why the acquisition or potential acquisition outlook in your guidance was pretty light and also, if you have anything you are potentially looking at right now, that would be great.
Joseph Fisher: Hey Neil it is Joe. In terms of guidance, historically, our practice has been to not guide a speculative activity. If you go back to our guidance last year, clearly, we surpassed that from an acquisition standpoint, we were able to find creative opportunities and match fund those with well priced equity and debt. So the acquisition guidance you see there on attachment 15 - [140] (Ph) million. That is really just for Slade channel side that we announced, as well as the buyout of our group with joint venture. So going forward, we will continue to do what we have done over the last 12 or 18 months, which is, look at the pipeline try to find opportunities that can drive additional upside as we did this year, and drive more earnings accretion and growth. And if we can do that, we will figure out where to pivot towards in terms of the source of capital. I did mention that we have $300 million of assets in the market today. So, generally normal course business for us, but we have a pretty diverse slot of markets and cap rate rentals that we are looking at. And we like the feedback we are getting so far. So we are looking at that as well as a source of capital.
Neil Malkin: Okay. But you can't - I mean, you are talking about 300 million of assets on the black cell but I mean, in terms of you know the pipeline or the pool of assets that are potential acquisition candidates, I mean, has that trended higher just in terms of how the market flows or your cost of capital?
Joseph Fisher: I think we are saying back in November, the pipeline had dried up a little bit. But I don't know if you were down at [NMHC] (Ph). The other week, typically, that is when you start to see more activity coming to market. So typically, pipeline starts to pick up around that time, so we would expect to see more deals coming to market but again, we are going to keep disciplined around the parameters that we got to see and not just simply go out there and buy just to utilize a cost of capital.
Neil Malkin: Okay, thanks. And the other one for me is, could you just talk about your outlook for supply in Northern California and Seattle? The data vendors, there seems to be a fair amount of disconnect between data vendors. What ethics this talks about? I'm just wondering what you are seeing in those markets or what you expect to see for 2020.
Joseph Fisher: I think when you look at both Northern California and Seattle, when we look at third-party data, permit data in terms of the regression approach that we take and then talking to individuals on the ground, as we work through our budget process, both of those markets are expected to be up generally, Seattle's a little bit more flattish at a market level. San Fran overall probably a little bit more first half weighted depending on the slippage that we see there. And then when you flip over to kind of the longer term look, and think about what we would see going forward, the permitting activity in Northern California has dropped off quite a bit more over the last three to six months versus where it had trended. Whereas Seattle has remained a little bit more static.
Neil Malkin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Hardik Goel with Zelman & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Hardik Goel: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Joe, maybe this one is for you. You mentioned your balance sheet or your leverage is at 5.8, if I calculate the full run rate of cash flow, the JV deal, you guys closed in the fourth quarter? At 5.8, if you were to acquire something that is $2 billion portfolio I'm not saying it is the Matt Kelly one or not. But if you were to take down a deal like that. How much more could you lever up or what is the appetite to lever up, if you have an opportunity like that, that make sense? And is the current leverage kind of inhibiting you or driving you to not make those decisions, because of where it is?
Joseph Fisher: Maybe it is good to just kind of layout what we communicate in the past in terms of the goals on the balance sheet. We have talked about five to six times debt to EBITDA, fairly consistently, and our desire to stay within that range. The plan calls for that. So I guess if you say, on a justice basis, we are at 5.8 times, I guess you could say that we have the ability to lever up point two times to get to our plan, or stay within the range we have laid out. So we really don't have any intent or desire to lever up at this point in time. We like being the solid BBB plus, BAA1, like the cost capital that affords us. And we have really been focused beyond debt-to-EBITDA on a lot of other metrics, i.e. fixed charge free cash flow, duration for three year liquidity, et cetera. So, in totality, I think it is important to take a holistic approach to thinking about the balance sheet. Not just walking in on that debt-to-EBITDA metric, which did tick up, but obviously due to one-time issues related to MetLife time and so I wouldn't say you should expect us to lever up for transactions.
Hardik Goel: Got it. I guess maybe taking in a slightly different way. If it was to be an attractive deal out there that required a lot of capital, you would need to also have the cost of equity to kind of take it down, because as you mentioned, your balance sheet only allows you to 0.2 times?
Joseph Fisher: It is either an attractive cost of equity or we have dispositions. We have free cash flow, we have other levers to pull as we look out over the next two to three year business plan. So it is not always cost of equity when multiple sources of capital they tap into.
Hardik Goel: Got it. Thanks Joe that is helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes on the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey I guess good afternoon. I guess most of mine have been asked, but I have got a couple of market specific questions. First on Boston Market. A market that you guys have outlined, you expect to grow at a pace better than the overall portfolio assets. A market that is expecting to see a lot of supply come online this year. So just curious and by the way in the urban core, where I believe you do have a number of assets. So just curious what gives you the confidence for that kind of statement facing that kind of supply? And then maybe some comments on the lease-up over at Garrison?
Jerry Davis: Hey Haendel, this is Jerry. I think we would agree with your assessment that there is going to be supply pressures downtown. We are feeling that Seaport. We felt it there in the fourth quarter where Pier 4 had revenue growth of just 2.1%. Our properties though that are in the North shore as well as down in the South port should encounter our less supply pressures and do better. So it is really going to be dependent on which assets you are looking at. The only property that is in our same-store pool that is downtown is Pier 4 for full-year same-store. So again, we would agree that there is going to be supply downtown. There is going to be a bit less when you get out to the suburbs, especially when you are looking at some of the B product that we have that is up in the North shore. Garrison lease up is just doing well. It is 82% to 84% physically occupied. We finished the renovation of the amenity building that was part of that [indiscernible]. We are looking to re-engage on a unit turns again in the next couple of months. And we anticipate, while we are leasing up against a lot of new supply that a location in the back bay is highly desirable. I think is, the construction moves out of that small area or site, meaning the construction that we do during the renovation period that it is going to be a great asset.
Haendel St. Juste: I appreciate that. Jerry, what type of spread are you projecting or as you think about the revenue outlook for Boston in terms of the urban versus suburban?
Jerry Davis: Spread between those is, I think it is about a 200 basis points.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Thank you for that. And second question on Baltimore. I recall spending a lot of time last year, last summer I think we visited talking about your market predictive model and how it was leading you to be a bit more enthusiastic about Baltimore, a market where a lot of your peers seem to be shying away from. So, can you talk a bit more about what you are seeing in Baltimore today leading you to call out of the market that you expect to see some of the most deceleration. It doesn't look like there is a lot of supply coming online in that market this year. So maybe you can talk about what has perhaps changed in your view on Baltimore over the last six or so months and what was perhaps underappreciated in your market revenue model.
Joseph Fisher: Alex it is Joe. And then I will kick it over to Jerry for some more specifics. [Technical Difficulty] As it relates to the predictive analytics piece and how we were looking at that a year ago and what drove us to think about that. You know, that is a quantitative approach, so it shines a light on markets that we think are set for our performance. But you still have to take a qualitative approach and make sure that the expectations on the ground actually meet up with what the model or the machine tells you. So things that got us excited about Baltimore, historically it has had very stable job growth typically in-line with national averages. We have seen that continue from an affordability standpoint, one of the most affordable East Coast cities out there, you know, job diversification wise, when you look at it, especially in the cyber security and defense side, very strong there, but they also have a good biomedical, healthcare, education government. So you have a good stabilizing factor in terms of volatility performance in Baltimore, which is good from a portfolio of construct standpoint. And then you have a very highly educated workforce, you know, their top 10 in STEM jobs, top 10 and graduate degrees as a percentage of workforce. So there are a lot of things that were going for the MSA as a whole. And then you obviously have to narrow it down to a sub market - which is what we did with Roger Sports. So we are not necessarily in Baltimore proper. So we had to pick the right sub market. So that is kind of what led us there over the long-term. You know, short-term volatility obviously comes through in results, but it is more of a long-term play. So maybe if Jerry wants to close it out.
Jerry Davis: Yes, I would just add it is one of the markets we see where there is going to be elevated supply this year versus last year, a couple thousand units. When we look at our sub markets got about 700 of those units are coming within a mile of our property in the Towson area. So last year we did 3.1% revenue growth, this year we expect it to be down in the twos. So again, I think as Joe said, we like the market but that is more of a mid and long-term not any – how is it going to come here? And I think over the next year, we are going see [Technical Difficulty].
Haendel St. Juste: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Guinee with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas Toomey: Hey John, are you there? You might be on mute. Operator do we have anyone else left in the queue? 
Operator: Yes we do. Our next person in queue is John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Thanks a lot for the time. Harry, hoping you could describe for us on the DCP front and a bit intense year-end. Just last three to six months how the competition has fared one way or the other?
Harry Alcock: Sure, John, I think you have seen supply has been relatively stable. There continues to be demand from developers. There is also additional competition from a number of dead funds. It has been the same the past 12 or 18 months, we are continuing to find opportunities that sort of fit our parameters in terms of assets that we want to own long-term. They fit our return hurdles. You saw us close a deal in Oakland last year. We have others that we are looking as we look to not only back build our historic pipeline, but also add incremental.
John Pawlowski: As the pricing within that solid deal flow as a pricing on deals become more competitive?
Harry Alcock: I think there are circumstances where it has been. Again, just as you have more players in the space but the deals we are doing, we are underwriting a consistent IRR. We are always looking for deals that fit our parameters. So our expectation is that the transactions we enter into the returns will be very consistent to what we have done historically.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions in the queue. I would like to hand the call back to Mr. Toomey for closing remarks.
Thomas Toomey: Well, a quick closing. I want to thank you for your time and interest in UDR. Clearly, you can hear that we are excited about 2020 and certainly our future beyond that. We have the right team, the right plan. Just look forward to executing on it. And we look forward to seeing many of you in the conferences in the near future. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to UDR's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings call. [Operator Instructions]. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President, Chris Van Ens. Thank you. Mr. Van Ens, you may now begin.
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. A press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we've reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although, we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question and answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris. And welcome to UDR's third quarter 2019 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results as well as senior officers Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Our robust third quarter results highlighted by same-store NOI growth of 3.9% and FFO as adjusted per share growth of 6% continue to demonstrate strong execution across all aspects of our business. 2019 has been a very active and productive year for UDR. First, we accretively grew our business through $1.8 billion and completed our announced acquisitions that have significant operational and investment upsides in markets targeted for expansion. These were funded with premium priced equity and low cost debt. Second, we continue to make great progress implementing our next generation operation platform that has and will continue to drive controllable margin expansion by fundamentally changing how we interact with our current and prospective residents while also creating efficiencies throughout our cost structure. Third, we simplified our business by winding down the KFH JV and announced an agreement to have our relationship with MetLife via an [ph] accretive asset swap. And fourth, we de-risked our enterprise by proactively taking advantage of low interest rate environment to repay high cost debt, extend our consolidated pro forma durations to over eight years, and reduce aggregate maturities to just 5% of our total debt over the next three years. In short, the team has done a great job in 2019 of executing on all aspects of our value creation capabilities, which will set up 2020 for continued strong NOI and cash flow growth, all of which fits into our strategic objective of being a full cycle investment. Last, we received good news on the ESG front with our public GRESB disclosure score improving to an A. This compares favorably versus our comp set and further exhibits our commitment to consistently improve our ESG framework. With that senior management team would like to extend a heartfelt thank you to all UDR associates for our continued hard work and for making 2019 a very special year. I will now turn over the call to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results with the same-store revenue and expense and NOI growth of 3.7%, 3.1%. and 3.9%, respectively. Before delving into the quarterly details, let me take a moment to comment on how we view operations from 10,000 feet. We prioritized cash flow growth, which is primarily driven by sustainable and consistent operating margin expansion and accretive capital allocation. Over the coming years, we expect that the ongoing implementation of our next-gen operating platform will not only satisfy our customers' desire for self-service, but will also drive the majority of our margin expansion by limiting controllable expense growth through a variety of efficiency initiatives and technological solutions. To sum up, we are somewhat agnostic as to how margin expansion is achieved, given the drivers of that expansion will oscillate over time but we care deeply about achieving it. We think about revenue growth similarly, lease rates, occupancy and other income are the primary variables in our revenue growth equation. At different points throughout the year and the real estate cycle, the importance of each variables contribution to our revenue growth fluctuates. As such our goal each and every quarter is to optimally manage these variables to maximize revenue growth, not fixate on a specific component of revenue growth. In the third quarter, we continued to run an occupancy first strategy and harvest above trend other income growth, both of which offset new lease rate growth that was impacted by tough year-over-year comps, and elevated supply levels in some of our high rent markets such as the San Francisco Bay Area. 2019 deliveries have been back half loaded across the majority of our markets, and we saw some impact during the third quarter. For at least the next couple of quarters, we expect that this dynamic will continue to play out. Positively, we have not seen widespread irrational pricing on this new supply. Absorption has remained strong, up 5.3% renewal growth during the quarter was just 30 basis points below that of the second quarter. And third quarter resident turnover would have declined by 60 basis points after excluding the impact of move-outs from our short-term furnished home program, all of which reinforced that the lower-than-expected new lease rate growth was not a demand issue. At the market level, the Monterey Peninsula, Seattle, and the San Francisco Bay Area, which represent 26% of our same-store NOI performed well, generating weighted average revenue growth of 5.9% in the quarter. Demand, occupancy, and other income contribution from items such as parking, short-term furnished rentals, and rentals of common area spaces generally remained strong in these markets. Although as previously referenced supply did impact new lease rate growth in the Bay Area. Conversely, New York, Orange County and Dallas, which comprise 23% of our same-store NOI, continued to lag our portfolio growth with weighted average revenue growth of 1.7% primarily due to competitive supply. Although, New York continues to incrementally improve versus the past couple of years. Moving on, the ongoing implementation and execution of our next-gen operating platform continues to drive the expansion of our controllable margin through initiatives that are and will reduce expense growth, thereby dropping more dollars to our bottom line. Year-over-year our same-store controllable margin grew 40 basis point due to controllable expense growth of just 1.2% in the third quarter and 1.4% year-to-date. On a normalized basis, we would expect these costs to be growing at an inflationary rate somewhere in the 3% range. More specifically, the combined growth rate of personnel and repairs and maintenance expenses during the quarter was negative 0.1%, a solid achievement and representative of how limiting controllable expense growth will continue to expand our operating margin. As a reminder, once fully implemented, our Next Gen Platform will fundamentally change how we interact with our customer and operate our portfolio. This will occur in stages and includes or will include, first gaining efficiencies through process improvement, outsourcing of certain non-customer facing tasks, and the centralization of sales operation. Second, the installation of SmartHome Tech. We are currently over 27,000 homes into this program. Third, a push towards self service via smart devices. This will include self-touring of our properties as well as a wide variety of other tasks, the residents used to have to visit our site office for, such as adding a pet to lease [ph]. And fourth, using big data and machine learning to drive revenue growth and greater efficiencies throughout our operating structure. Finally, with regard to this topic, to achieve our goal of expanding controllable margin by 150 basis points to 200 basis points by year-end 2022 or $15 million to $20 million in incremental run rate NOI, we need the right team and the right culture in place. Over the years, our operating teams have accepted and supported the wide variety of other income initiatives we have implemented and our strong same-store growth results have reflected that. While advancements like SmartHome Tech are fully replicable by any multifamily competitor willing to spend the necessary capital and operating team that embraces consistent evolution and a culture that thrives on it or not. We have both. Taken together, we tightened our full-year same-store revenue growth guidance range and reduced our same-store expense growth guidance by 15 basis points at the midpoint. Combined, these increased our full-year same-store NOI growth guidance range by 7.5 basis points at the midpoint. Last, our $1.8 billion in year-to-date completed or announced acquisitions are performing in line with underwritten expectations. Nuts and bolts operating improvements, CapEx investment, and historical operating initiatives are all in the initial phases of implementation. While this level of growth has at times stretched our teams in the field and at the corporate office, we have a deep bench at UDR, which allowed many of our outstanding associates to advance their careers, by way of our expansion. We are excited to overlay UDR's best-in-class operating platform onto these acquired properties and look forward to creating value over the next several years through the implementation of our next-gen platform. In closing, I would like to thank all of our associates in the field and at corporate for producing another quarter of robust operating growth, while also continuing to embrace the future by our Next Gen Operating Platform. It has been an extremely eventful year, and I'm immensely proud of all of you. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thank you, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our third quarter results and updated full-year guidance, a transactions and capital markets update, and a balance sheet update. Our third quarter earnings results came in at the midpoint to above the high-ends of previously provided guidance ranges. FFO adjusted per share was $0.52, approximately 6% higher year-over-year and driven by strong same-store and lease-up performance, accretive capital deployment, and lower interest rates. Next, our full year guidance update. We raised our full-year FFO as adjusted guidance range by $0.005 at the midpoint to $2.07 to $2.09, driven by solid operations, interest expense savings, and capital deployment. A full guidance update including sources and uses expectations, the same-store updates Jerry referenced, and fourth quarter guidance ranges, is available on Attachment 15 of our supplement. Moving on to transactions in capital markets. We have continued to drive long-term value creation and FFO accretion by remaining disciplined in our capital deployment and simultaneously match funding with low-cost equity and debt capital, all while pivoting to the best available risk-adjusted returns. During the quarter, we acquired three apartment communities located at Norwood, Massachusetts; Englewood, New Jersey and Washington DC. The closing of the latter, 1301 Thomas Circle fully wound down our JV relationship with KFH. The three communities were acquired at an all-in valuation of $541 million and a weighted average year one NOI yield of 4.9% moving to the low-5s in year two. In August, we announced a $1.8 billion transaction with our JV partner MetLife that further simplified UDR structure, will cut in half our JV exposure to just 5% of total NOI, will be accretive to future cash flow growth, increased exposure to target markets, and replaced lower multiple management fee income with higher multiple real estate income, all while minimizing cash needs. As structured, we are under contract to acquire the approximately 50% interest, we did not previously own in 10 UDR/MetLife JV operating communities, one community under development, and four development land sites, cumulatively valued at $1.1 billion or $557 million at UDR's share. And we will sell approximately 50% interest in five JV communities valued at $645 million or $323 million at UDR's share to MetLife. After accounting for the assumption of in-place debt, our net cash outflow to complete the asset swap is expected to be approximately $105 million. The transaction is expected to close during the fourth quarter subject to customary closing conditions and closing price adjustments. Our year-to-date completed and announced acquisition activity now totals one $1.8 billion, including land for future development. These transactions are NAV accretive, have IRRs that exceed our weighted average cost of capital, were partially funded with the $962 million of equity issued in the last year at a weighted average 6% premium to consensus NAV and will be accretive to FFO per share growth rate in 2020 and beyond. In addition, the acquired communities all have significant operational and investment upside, are primarily located in targeted expansion markets, and fit well with our Next Gen Operating Platform. In September, we entered into a forward sales agreement under our ATM program for approximately 1.3 million common shares during the quarter. Expected proceeds are earmarked for another transaction, which we will provide additional information on at a future date. The final date by which shares sold under the forward sales agreement need to be settled is March 31st, 2020 as currently structured. Moving on to debt, where we continue to take advantage of the low rate environment. During the quarter and subsequent to quarter end, we issued $800 million of long duration unsecured debt at a weighted average effective rate of 3.1%, $300 million of this debt qualified as a Green Bond and represented our first use of this ESG friendly product. Proceeds have been or will be used to prepay $700 million of higher cost debt with a weighted average effective rate of 4.23%. Once completed, we will have only 5% of our debt coming due over the next three years, and our consolidated weighted average years to maturity will be eight years versus the 6.9 years reported at the end of the third quarter. Please see our third quarter earnings press release and supplement for further details on our transactional and capital markets activity. Last the balance sheet. At quarter end, our liquidity, as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, net of the commercial paper balance was $1.1 billion. Our consolidated financial leverage was 31% on undepreciated book value, and 24% on enterprise value inclusive of joint ventures. Our consolidated net debt to EBITDA ROE was 5.5 times and inclusive of joint ventures was 5.8 times. We remain comfortable with our credit metrics and don't plan to actively lever up or down. With that I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. So that we may address questions to as many participants as possible, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. If you've additional question, you may wait in queue, and time permitting, those questions will be addressed. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Jerry. I appreciate the operating strategy color, which I guess helps to explain why blended lease rate growth was flat year-over-year versus positive the first two quarters. When you compare the current environment, I think your comments on supply, do you expect it to remain roughly flat going forward for the next few quarters or is there anything indicating an acceleration or deceleration from here?
Jerry Davis: I think it's going to be dependent, market by market. We do have several markets specifically San Francisco, Los Angeles, Orange County, and Orlando, where new supply has driven down new lease rate growth compared to where it was last year where we had strength in those markets. On the opposite side you've got strength in New York City, Orange -- I mean the Inland Empire and Seattle. So it's all going to be dependent on the effects of that new supply. Currently, we see in the fourth quarter, new lease rate growth is probably going to be down compared to where it was last year. But when we look at renewal rate growth, which this quarter was at 5.3% that's the highest level, these past couple of quarters since it's been in 2016, I think it's going to continue to be strong. The other thing we looked at, Nick, is when you look at the next quarter. Over the last four years it averaged probably about 0.3%; 2016, it was very low single digits; 2017, the fourth quarter was actually negative 0.5%. It rebounded the following year in 2018 to a 1.1% and this year, we expect it to be somewhere closer to the average. So it will be less than it was last year. But I think that's more indicative of the effects supply had back in '17, which kept new lease rate growth down. So when you anniversary, 2018 it was elevated, and now we are seeing that supply hit us in a couple of markets. And we're also comping against tougher numbers from last year.
Nick Joseph: That's helpful, thanks. And then you've been active on the capital raising front and in terms of equity doing a handful different ways. So assuming you have a use, how do you think about executing going forward between marketed deals, the ATM, and then on a forward basis?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hi, Nick, this is Joe. I think the critical part of that that you referenced there is assuming that we have limited [ph] use, we've endeavored over the last 12 months to make sure that when we do raise capital on the equity side, we do have a match funded use teed up for it. So we haven't done any special lot [ph] of equity that we sit on and then force our transaction team to go out there and execute upon. So I think you'll continue to see that from that front. From a pipeline standpoint, Harry may have some comments here, but I think our pipeline today is probably a little bit lighter than we've seen at any point in the last 12 months, but if we do go out there again, we're going to make sure that we have premium cost of capital relative to NAV from a used standpoint, make sure it's in our target markets, make sure that we can deploy it accretively year one, and on a forward basis, and make sure that the assets have either operational investments or a platform story with them to keep driving 2020 growth and beyond. So if we have more to talk about on that front, we'll obviously come back to the market.
Nick Joseph: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
John Kim: Thank you. Just a follow-up on the leasing spreads, which were healthy but down sequentially and then also it sounds like the fourth quarter will be down year-over-year, how should we think about the translation of that into same-store revenue next year and then also were the leasing spreads this quarter in line with your projections?
Jerry Davis: Leasing spreads in third quarter were down a bit from the original projections, mainly because we didn't fully anticipate the effect that new supply specifically in places like San Francisco. We're going to have on our new lease rates, on a blended basis again, they were down a bit, not as much as on the new because the renewals were higher, but we're not currently ready to give any indication or any numbers on 2020, we're in the midst of the budget process right now. I can tell you, when we look at supply next year, it's probably going to be slightly higher than it was this year, specific to a few markets that we operate in, we think Boston will be a bit more impacted by supply, you're going to have Los Angeles continuing to be affected by supply, I think the San Francisco supply issues that I've talked about earlier on this call, I think they probably persist through the first half of next year, but I think you see a little bit of relief in New York as well as in Orange County next year. And I think Seattle will feel some supply, I think the demand side of the equation should stay strong there.
Joe Fisher: Yes, I think, John, this is Joe, just beyond as you asked about 2020, obviously going through the fundamental side of the equation, but what we've really been focused on this year, when you look at activities that were taken for '19 to try to impact '20, what we've been doing on the balance sheet front to improve quality of the balance sheet and also drive accretion, all the transactional activity trying to drive accretion there and then all the platform work that Jerry talked about in his opening remarks trying to drop more cash to the bottom line next year and on a go-forward basis. So we're still working through on the fundamental side, but I think, on a relative basis, we're doing everything we can to set up the portfolio and platform to be in a better position next year.
John Kim: Okay. And then, Joe, with your cost of new debt declining by 140 basis points over the past year, can you quantify how much that changed the yields you're willing to take on investments, including both acquisitions and Mezz debt?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think on the Mezz debt side, I think the compression and yields that you've seen out there actually to some degree have worked against us, meaning that developers and other capital constituents have either more access to capital at lower rates or the competition for deploying that capital gets a little bit more difficult, so you've seen us do a little bit less on the DCP side. That said, you do see guidance on Attachment 15, we did take up our guidance range for Developer Capital Program. I do want to point out, however, at this point, that is a speculative transaction, nothing has been signed, so there is no guarantees that gets to the finish line nor any guarantees on the exact timing, but I do think it's important to note that that is not a typical DCP deal for us, meaning it's more of a bridge loan with the ability to access to the asset in about 12 months upon stabilization. So the yield we will receive on that if in fact we get that done, it's going to be decidedly lower than what we've done on other DCP deal. So just from a modeling standpoint, keep that in mind. Aside from that, the cost of capital coming down and improving on both the debt and equity side, clearly has allowed us to be more competitive and be out there with an external growth signal that we've received. And so, we're still trying to make sure we make good deals, we don't pay beyond market, and every deal has a story to it whether it's the target markets or the operational upside that go with it. So I wouldn't say it's given us just a free pass to go out there and be overly aggressive just because our cost of capital has come down. We still got to be disciplined on that front.
John Kim: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Shirley Wu with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, this is actually [indiscernible] with Shirley. I was just wondering if you guys could give us a little bit more color on any of the rent regulation. So particularly on California, how is that going to impact and what you're thinking about that new regulatory environment with the talks of Prop 10 2.0 coming back, are you reconsidering your exposure to California at all?
Jerry Davis: I'll start with the effect of maybe 1482, we went back and looked at it, and I think everybody's familiar with it, but it said four properties over 15 years old, that renewal rates will be, increases will be capped at 5% plus CPI. So when we went back and looked at the effect to next year, it's probably somewhere in that $250,000 to $350,000 range which for our California portfolio would impact 2020 same-store revenue growth by, call it 7 or 8 basis points, so not overly material. Can you repeat what your second question was?
Unidentified Analyst: We heard there is…
Joe Fisher: Prop 10.
Unidentified Analyst: About bringing Prop 10 back. So does that, have you guys talked about it, are you reconsidering exposure to California?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hello, it's Joe. Yes, just from an overall portfolio standpoint, I think it's fair to assume that all markets are going to go through their micro cycles, whether it's demand, supply, or regulatory environments. So it's clearly going to be something that we take into effect when we think about transactions in California. We continue to believe that anything that restricts economic or rent growth or economic value creation, it's probably not the right solution to affordability. But it's a qualitative factor that plays into our process, and some of the benefits of having the diversified portfolio that we do that we don't end up overexposed to any one regulatory environment, and gives Harry and team more degrees of freedom from which to transact over time, but I would say it's not as simplistic and binary as blue states bad, red states good. Given that there is a second derivative impact on capital flows and capital formation, so if capital does shift from, say California to a red state or non-rent controlled state, you may see more development in those states, and therefore less rent growth, and so we're trying to factor all those pieces together, but it's not quite as easy of a binary decision as some may think. So it's something we're contemplating and thinking about.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore. Please proceed with your questions.
Rich Hightower: Good morning out there, guys. So, Joe, I want to dig in a little bit to these, the two big JV deals during the quarter, so it's pretty clear from a strategic and a financial perspective why these are beneficial, just maybe walk us through the genesis of the transactions, unwinding one, and significantly reducing the involvement of the other, is there anything related to the partnership or to the timing of sort of a finite life sort of agreement, just walk us through maybe some of those other elements as to why this happened at this moment in time.
Tom Toomey: Hi, Rich, this is Tom Toomey. Let me try to address those questions. With respect to the KFH, the JV had run 10 years and KFH wanted to explore what the market value of it was and we expose the assets to the market and as you can see over this year two of them were sold, and one of them we purchased, and on a net cash basis, not a lot of capital and. And so I think it's not more complicated than that with KFH. On Met, we're 10 years as partners, and we've done a lot of business with Met over the years, and it's a constant dialog about how we create win-win situations whether at the development, acquisition, or swapping assets, or selling them, and that dialog started up probably late in 2018 and it just takes time. No strategic rationale other than a constant dialog with a good capital partner and one that we hope will continue to do a lot of business with in the future. So very grateful for them as a partner. And I think we've always done win-win transactions with them, they think a lot about real estate the same way we do, a long-term operating business that creates a lot of wealth and value over time. So good group of people.
Rich Hightower: Okay. And that's helpful. So there is nothing specifically related to sort of simplicity as a strategy for UDR, in that sense, I mean there is an equal chance another round of JVs could form at some point in the future. Is that what you're also hinting at there?
Tom Toomey: No, I'm not hinting at anything. I'm giving you kind of the facts as we see them with respect to our JV footprint and the future of it. And I think JVs are always what problem are you trying to solve or what skill does someone bring to the enterprise or to the relationship that can help you grow UDR. And we've got a good cost of capital. We've got a growing capable enterprise that has a lot of different ways to add value, if we felt that someone could help us enhance that, certainly, we would be back into a joint venture. Right now, don't see any needs. Don't see any part of the organization that we would like to grow faster or more. So I think we're right now probably not overly engaged by joint venture activity as much as you can tell from the activity of this year. Got a lot of value creation mechanisms in the enterprise, we're playing them all, they're all doing well. I'm really looking forward to 2020 and the continued growth of the Ops platform.
Rich Hightower: Got it. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Thank you. Our next call is from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your questions.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hi, good morning, everyone. Jerry, I guess with some of the softening in market rent growth hitting your markets and some new lease rates pulling back, have you guys pulled back at all in the SmartHome spend a revenue enhancing CapEx? And would you consider pulling back I guess next year because maybe the returns aren't as attractive today in light of some of the supply, near term supply headwinds?
Jerry Davis: Yes, I guess, starting with the SmartHome spend. As we said, we're about 27,000 units in, and just to remind you, we're doing the SmartHome for few reasons, we're not doing it purely to get rent growth out of the residents. We do think they value it. We think it's part of what's helped drive our outsized renewal growth, so far this year. But the primary purpose of doing it is some of the expense reduction capabilities it gives us. First of all, it has benefits on leak detection, it also makes our maintenance guys much more efficient. But one of the big things it does, it sets up this operating platform that we're building to allow us to more actively and efficiently do self-guided tours which we plan to roll out more through automation. This year, we've been doing self-guided tours, but it's an old school. we've paper maps, we see throughout next year and we'll get much more automated, and we think the ability for prospective residents to be able to access units through a SmartHome rather than through a hard physical key is going to be beneficial. So while we underwrote it based on rents, there was plenty of extra juice on the expense side and what we expect to get on the operating platform that would enhance that. So I would tell you, we haven't finalized our budgets for next year of how many SmartHomes we will continue to add, but I would expect that you will see a continuation of the program into 2020. As far as revenue enhancing spend, which over the last couple of years has been at that $40 million range. Yes, we still think you get paid for that. On incremental dollars, it really isn't overly affected by market rents. We underwrite these things to get an IRR that's at least 150 basis points of our WACC. There is a discipline to doing this, we look to do it in markets that show strength over the next 4 to 10 years not just over the next year. So for long-term, looking at ways to increase the value of our real estate by deploying this capital. And I wouldn't expect next year for the total spend to change much.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great, appreciate your thoughts. And then Joe, just curious why include the speculative DCP investment in guidance today if conditions are more competitive. I think you referenced, returns aren't quite as attractive. And why not just use that available dry powder to fund the transaction that you reference, that you have good line of sight on, that you intend to fund with kind of the forward equity?
Joe Fisher: Yes, the transaction that I referenced in my opening remarks is in fact that DCP transaction. So the forward equity commitment that we made there of $64 million, we raised that with the intention and desire and hope that we get that transaction to the finish line on the DCP side and that ultimately takes care of the majority of that funding and our capital plan. So those are one and the same. So don't consider the DCP as a speculative unknown transaction. It's known, we're working towards getting that papered and hopefully have some to talk about in the coming months.
Austin Wurschmidt: Okay, got it. That's kind of what I was looking for. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Trent Trujillo with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your questions.
Trent Trujillo: Hi, good morning. Jerry, one of your peers spoke about piloting an amenity light model, is that something you'd consider particularly in the context of your recent commentary of renting out common area and some amenity spaces?
Jerry Davis: Yes, I'll start and I'll let Harry or Tom jump in. We haven't talked definitively about any of this, but we have looked at what amenities do residents value, and we've actually gone out in the last year or two and looked at our properties that we felt were somewhat over amenitized, and we've been able to convert some of those amenities into apartment homes, and one of the Vitruvian Park assets, Savoye and Savoye II, we converted three common areas into five or six rentable units, and we do look for those types of opportunities. But I think at the high end of the market, you do get paid for amenities, but I do think in some places people are just looking for an inexpensive place to live, and there probably is a product that fits that, Harry, you can talk to whether you've really been looking at that for future development opportunities?
Harry Alcock: Yes, I think, I mean it really gets into sort of a return on investment type analysis where whatever the customer will pay in rents is determined by the location of the product, the quality of the finishes, and the quality of the amenities. So when we look to buy an asset, when we look to develop an asset or when we look to convert these types of amenity spaces into units, we're entirely rational in our approach. I think for certain assets and certain locations that gets an interesting model, but again we look at each asset on its own merits.
Trent Trujillo: Okay, that's fair. So I guess for those Vitruvian assets, the Savoye, what are you underwriting for those redevelopments?
Jerry Davis: It's, again it's 5 or 6 units, and I think we underwrote those at about a, I think 7% to 8% return cash on cash.
Trent Trujillo: Okay. And just maybe one quick follow-up on that same similar subject. Under the current operating model, how would you characterize the resident perceptions having the current space utilized by non-residents, have there been any complaints or disruptions or is it fair to say that you can continue to generate incremental income from renting out that space?
Jerry Davis: I guess I'd start with saying, have there been any complaints? Yes, there have been a few. I think percentage wise to the number of actual rentals we get on these third-party common area rentals, it's de minimis. We are very cognizant that the predominant use of those amenities as for our residents, so we do not over book them. A lot of the bookings happen during the day for businesses when most of our residents aren't at home. But they're probably have been a few times where we've over utilized a rooftop type of amenity or a large common areas space and we've heard back from the residents and we've ratcheted it back down. That being said, do I think it can grow? Yes, I definitely do, I think it has a lot of prominence in urban areas. We've seen a high take rate on the West Coast. I think it's migrating slowly to some of the East Coast markets, and I think over time, you'll probably see the West Coast grow at a moderate rate, and I would expect to see -- I mean the West Coast grow at a more moderate rate and probably more of the growth on the common are rentals happen in the East Coast as it becomes much more known in the marketplace that you can come and rent those common area spaces from multifamily operators.
Trent Trujillo: Great. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rob Stevenson with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your questions.
Rob Stevenson: Hi guys. Jerry, the Dallas weakness you alluded to the fact it's supply driven, is that weakness across basically all the sub-markets or is it submarket specific and how does it sort of trend by price point?
Jerry Davis: I would tell you it obviously is not as weak at the lower price points, we have some old legacy assets in our Vitruvian Park location that are doing well, our product up in Legacy Village, though Plano is badly new supply, both in North Plano, but probably a little bit more in Frisco, so while there's good job growth up there, it's been going head to head with new supply. You also have supply pressures, they're one property down in Uptown that's feeling that [ph]. Our newer assets that are in the Met JV and Vitruvian Park, they're doing better, the net same-store average, but they are still also battling new supply. So I would tell you supply tends to be occurring or being delivered up and down at the Tollway, and our entire portfolio is up and down the Tollway. So we may be feeling that more than some of our peers, but it's definitely more at the high end, the B, B minus properties that we have in Addison though are doing much better than the A product, it's probably a couple, several hundred basis point differential in revenue growth.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then, Joe, given all the capital raises, factoring in the MetLife settlements, the other obligations on this potentially new DCP deal that you want to do, how much capital do you have available to invest today in properties, other DCP deals, etc., and stay comfortably within your target leverage levels without having to raise incremental equity, I mean if Harry comes to you with the $500 million portfolio or a $1 billion portfolio, do you have to issue equity for that at this point or where is that sort of threshold today for you after all of the capital raises and various other things are set and done?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hi, thanks, Rob. Throughout the year, we've done a lot of activity that's going to incrementally improve balance sheet in terms of extending weighted average duration, continue to improve the three-year liquidity profile where we have minimal debt maturities coming during next couple of years, and then trying to stay relatively stable on things like debt to EBITDA, fixed charge, debt to enterprise, and all those have improved slightly relative to 2018 levels keeping us at a very solid BBB plus, so we probably have a little bit of capacity today. I wouldn't say nearly on the magnitude of you referenced even a $0.5 billion, $100 million, $200 million if we want to utilize it, but it's also good to have that for a rainy day and keep that capacity in the back pocket. So we'll continue to evaluate, do we want to utilize it for additional acquisitions, DCP, etc., or do we utilize dispositions, free cash flow, or equity. So we'll keep looking at it.
Rob Stevenson: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with SMBC. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Anderson: Thanks, good afternoon. So, Jerry, on the margin expansion initiatives, looks like you can get to controllable margin of 85-ish percent in a couple of years. I'm curious if there is any incremental more or less impact on the total margin in the kind of 70% range, does that go up at a faster rate, because of all this effort or slower rate versus controllable?
Jerry Davis: I think it's probably going to go up at roughly the same rate with the changes -- maybe a little more elevated, but you're really doing -- taking effect to everything except real estate taxes and insurance. So I guess it would be slightly more elevated than it would be on the controllable side.
Rich Anderson: Yes, okay. I was just thinking about the math. On the flyer, and then maybe for Joe on the DCP side, and it's kind of going back and forth, Chris [ph] on this while we're talking, but you have $264 million of investment in the DCP program, I know you can't really have a pinpointed number, but what does that represent roughly in terms if you were to take out everything and own it all 100%, what is $264 million mean in terms of incremental spend to get them all in in-house?
Joe Fisher: Yes, if we want to bring all of those in-house, you're looking at an asset value clearing to $1 billion, we already have $260 plus million of that stack, if you think about what our typical leverage profile would be, the $260 million [ph] would be a portion of our equity stack, so you're probably looking at a $400 million - $500 million check, you also have participation on three of those transactions, which depending on if we buy or if we sell, either way, we're going to participate in the upside on those. So the good thing is though, we stack those up as a typical debt maturity profile. So some come into 20, 21, 22, 23 so you don't have a whole series of decisions coming at you at one point in time by design, so that we aren't in a box in terms of not having a cost of capital, but wanted to own all of those assets. So we'll make the decisions over time.
Rich Anderson: Okay.
Jerry Davis: Yes, go ahead Tom.
Tom Toomey: I'd just add one, thanks for hanging on for the hour and 10 minutes. Second part of that is clearly, anything that we would look at, a 1031 option would be one avenue to pursue within a marketplace. And all of the DCPs have always been entered under the premise of an asset that we would like to own at the right price at the right time. So it's a very good question, and I think we'll play them out as Joe has highlighted, they come to every year one or two deals, and we'll look at them at that time.
Rich Anderson: Right. But is DCP is your sort of development avenue of choice now, just looking at the disclosure, I guess, is that correct?
Tom Toomey: I don't know if it's over choice. I think we always look at the rainbow of complete opportunities, and you can see from the acquisition opportunities, we took advantage of this year, they were clearly assets that we thought were next door down the street, under-managed, there were some value add, beyond just our current operating platform but the platform of the future or a CapEx infusion that could ride the ship. I think as we look down the road towards development, we're going to stay disciplined about our underwriting aspect of that. It's been hard in the last three plus years to make things penciled the right way and you've seen it shrink. This quarter we announced one deal. We've been working on it for three years to get it to that point. Finally, the numbers came in, it's something that worked, and we announced it. I'm not sure that I could say, development is going to expand or shrink, I think we just stay disciplined across all spectrums whether it's DCP, acquisitions, or development, and the fact that we can do all three doesn't put us pressure to only grow one channel.
Rich Anderson: Yes. Okay, got you. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hill: Hi guys, just taking a step back, high-level question for me. I'm thinking about some of the commentary you've said in the past about predictive analytics and focusing on underserved markets, I was struck by how well Baltimore did in this quarter, but I'm wondering if you could maybe just expound upon your predictive analytics and what that's telling you about what markets you should be in and maybe what markets you shouldn't be in?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Thanks, Rich. Baltimore obviously is not a large market for us today, so it's not a high number of properties, so predictive analytics is really intended to drive decisions over the next 4 to 10 years, i.e., longer duration hold periods. So the fact that it's working this quarter may not mean it works again next quarter. But what we're trying to do is be -- to some degree, can turn [ph] from the herd in terms of following what the underlying demographics and economic drivers are telling us relative to rents or affordability in those markets, many markets tend to get overheated and capital tends to follow that excitement. We're trying to go a little bit of a different route with that and go more contrarian as you've seen that through our actions. Baltimore been an example, we've been active there active in Philly, New York, very active up in Boston and down in Tampa. So, some markets that, but I don't see a lot of the private and public capital flowing into as aggressively, we also like Southern California though, so it's not purely an East Coast bias that we're looking at. But hopefully that gives us a little bit of a leg up in addition to the transaction team that really has to find the right sub-markets and assets and the operation team that once, given the asset, can outperform with everything they're doing on the initiatives on platform side.
Rich Hill: Okay, that's helpful. I think that's all for me. I'm sure we'll follow up soon.
Joe Fisher: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Hardik Goel with Zelman & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Hardik Goel: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. I have a more general like operations based question, I guess. We've seen turnover go down year-over-year for a while now, I think it's been a trend, the cycle pretty much. Will you have your turnover basically stable this quarter? Do you think that's just an aberration or it's just a shift in trend, obviously overall an LTM basis is still very low, but just wondering how you see that change, or are you seeing something in the market that is different from the rest of the cycle?
Jerry Davis: No, I don't think we're seeing anything different. I think what you're seeing with all of this, seeing, turnover go down, it's a few things, one, I think all of the REIT peers are listening to the residents better, doing a better job on customer service and resident ratings. Second, I think you've seen predominantly rational pricing of lease-ups over the last couple of years. So it's not enticing people to leave multi-family and jump ship for two months free. One thing that makes us a bit different than the peers is we've got this short-term furnished rental program that has grown quite a bit year-over-year. And this year it's up about 50%. So if you backed the effect of short-term furnished rental move-outs, and these things usually stay occupied for 80 or so days. So it elevates your turnover rate, but if you back it out of both years, we would have actually been down 60 basis points. And then, I guess the third point when people say, how low can it go? I think part of it is, what level of renewal increase are you going to send out, and I think when you look at the renewals, we've been sending out in 2Q and 3Q, both north of 5%. We look to maximize revenue. We're doing that, while still maintaining occupancy at that 96.9% level, which was 10 bps higher than it was last year's third quarter. So, I think you got to look at it at the entire revenue stream and not just what's turnover, what's rate growth, and we try to balance all of those factors.
Tom Toomey: Hardik, this is Toomey. Just to add a couple of things that come to mind from me. When I look at the last decade and our average resident has gone from 28 years of age to 38. People in their 30s, 40s, not inclined to just move at a high turnover rate, they're pretty established and stay. Second, you look at their income levels. And third, I think about the product that we're offering them and the variety of amenities, lifestyle, service levels that have grown over the last decade. And I think that combination of just a better place to live, the stage in life, and higher service levels have combined to drive that number down, and I don't see a particular reason why I would see it revert back to the norm or the past, if you will. So, I think we're just doing a better job and we've got demographics and our customer on our side.
Hardik Goel: Thanks. That's a really thoughtful response. Jerry, just one quick follow-up. You mentioned, excluding furnished housing, it's down 60 basis points. What percentage of the leases that turn, percentage of turnover is furnished housing? Just so I have a rough sense.
Tom Toomey: Why don't you get back to him?
Jerry Davis: Yes, let me get back to you on that. I don't have that, I don't want to make a guess, we'll get back to you with that number.
Hardik Goel: No worries. All right.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Babin with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Babin: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Wanted to touch on the acquisitions during the quarter briefly, I think it was mentioned that there is some CapEx opportunity or some under management at these properties. I was just curious, looks like the Windsor Gardens, 50 years old, obviously CapEx probably part of that story. Do those amounts in the release include the potential CapEx going into them to get the yields that were discussed or I think just in a general sense it might be helpful if you elaborate on them, how you view those acquisitions from a core value add standpoint, kind of what the unique opportunity is?
Joe Fisher: Hi Drew, this is Joe. I'll take it really quick and then kick it over to Jerry and Harry to talk a little bit more about the dynamics of the transactions. But the number that's referenced in the release on Attachment 13 and within our guidance, are not inclusive of any initial capital expenditure budgets that we intend to put in place over the next year or two to improve properties or KMBs or smart homes or anything of that nature. So you'll see that spend come through over time. What you see on there -- on the Attachment 13, it's just simply the price that we paid for that acquisition.
Jerry Davis: And I guess I'll give you a little bit of insight on Commons at Windsor Gardens, Drew. First, it's a 30-minute train ride into Boston's Back Bay and the train stop is on our property. Rents are 50% or less of what Boston, rents are, so I'd say it's a good price point for a short commute. On the CapEx spend, there are about 200 of the 914 units that have never had their interiors renovated, meaning it has original kitchens and baths. We see opportunity to invest some money in those and get a rent increase somewhere in the $250 to $300 range. The property has not been sub-metered, so we are going through the process of scoping that out and ideally we'll get sub-meters installed over the next several months and be able to start recouping some of the cost of our water sewer utilities. We expect to put SmartHomes into this property, which will make it much more efficient to manage plus give the property more of an update. And then we're going to spend some money, just getting some of the systems back up to speed and upgraded, so that R&M spend that's been occurring over the last 5 to 10 years is reduced. After you do that, I think the entire UDR operating platform that you've heard us talk quite a bit about fits perfectly with the property like this. It's sort of a good size at 900 units to probably gain even more efficiency than we would on a typical 300 unit deal. So this one definitely have some capital upgrades. And then on the operating side, we think there's a lot of pricing opportunities where the prior owner did not give any locational premiums. So being close to the train versus being a 15-minute walk from the train stop, price was the same. No pricing differential between being on the third floor and the first floor or near the amenity buildings. So I think there's a lot we can also accomplish there. Currently there are no charges for parking spaces there, and as you know, over the last several years, we've been able to implement that and see good growth. So a lot of things we've done over the last five years, I think we'll be able to lay over onto this property. And then I think again, when you look at the operating platform as it gets rolled out throughout UDR over the next couple of years, Windsor Gardens will participate in that also.
Harry Alcock: And Drew, this is Harry. I guess I'd just layer on and I'd probably step back from the more macro standpoint. As we've talked about most of our acquisitions this year have had some sort of operation or capital upside, I think Joe mentioned that the first year cap rate for this year's portfolio of acquisitions is somewhere around 4.9%. However, year two, 7.5% or 8% higher than that, and we're talking about something around 5.25 to 5.3, then the third year is incrementally better than that as the sort of operational platform initiatives and the capital spend that starts to manifest itself in the yield.
Andrew Babin: That's great detail. Thank you. And just one follow-on for Jerry. As you look at the MetLife assets that are being bought in wholly owned, I presume that your ability to asset manage those increases with full ownership, and I guess what do you find kind of most opportune or most excited about being able to kind of fully control those assets and get in there and apply the strength of the platform?
Jerry Davis: I think some of it is going to be in revenue enhancing CapEx spend, several of these assets are hitting that 10 to 12 years old level, and we think a refresh will help them better compete against new supply, and on that incremental spend, we still think we can get a return in excess of our WACC. So I think that's one of the components. I think some of these properties are very approximate to existing UDR product, for example, the one in Towson is directly across the street from a wholly-owned property and to be able to manage those somewhat together and share staffing and other cost, I think will make both properties more efficient. Some of the other things we've done historically whether it's common area rentals or short-term furnished, I think given more leeway, we may be able to garner more benefit there too. So I think it's a little bit on the capital side, a little bit on the operational side, and with initiatives and some on the efficiencies of sharing team members.
Andrew Babin: Great, thank you. That's all for me.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hi, good morning out there. I'll be quick, it's been a long call. So two quick ones. First for Joe. The ESG bonds that you referenced before, did you guys get any pricing advantage with those or is it more just sort of check the box and for marketing purposes to have sort of an ESG issuance out there?
Joe Fisher: It's hard to tell whether or not we got an explicit pricing advantage. I will say when you look at the composition of the investors on that offering, about 25% of them did come in from an ESG focused fund. And so having obviously a bigger order book helps drive pricing at the end of the day. I'd like to believe that there was some benefit, although it's very hard to quantify, what is that clear benefit is.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then the second one is for Jerry, on the mobile initiatives that -- the self-help initiatives that you guys are rolling out. Do you think that you'll still be able to get sort of the rent premiums that you expect for your properties or as Avalon noted on their call, there may be properties where you get a lower rent, but the trade-off is that you have less operating expense and net you're better.
Jerry Davis: I will tell you the things we're doing, it's more on the service side. It's not that we're taking away an amenity. So we believe our residents prefer self-service, I think it's enhanced service. So when you look at, you look at what we've done so far this year, and I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, if you look at our repairs and maintenance and personnel cost combined, year-over-year growth was slightly negative. It should be growing at probably at least 3%. So a lot of people would say, well, that's a reduction in service. No, it was just a reallocation of how we provide service, and it was predominantly done through outsourcing and centralization. At that same time as we drove those costs down, our NPS scores went up 10% to 34%. As we noted earlier, our turnover, if you back out the effective short-term furnished rentals, was down 60 basis points, we're running at 96.9%, which is 10 basis points higher than last year, and I think if you look at the revenue growth that we put up to 3.7%, it's sector-leading. So I think when you factor all of those in, it's clear that when we're doing this, the intention is to improve customer service, not take it down, but to make a more efficiently run organization through this, either through outsourcing, centralization or automation. So our intent is, it will not be a reduction in service and it will not drive rents lower.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neil Malkin with Capital One. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Malkin: Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions. A couple of years ago, the Bay Area saw some significant supply that caused market rents to go down quickly pretty significantly. I'm just wondering kind of alluding to your supply comments, I think San Jose has a fair amount of supply coming. Are you doing certain things to sort of get ahead of that in terms of increasing occupancy, anything with rents to sort of derisk that as the supply rolls into those markets?
Jerry Davis: Hi, Neil. This is Jerry. I wouldn't say we're doing thing explicit on the pricing side. I mean, we definitely believe at this time in the cycle, we want to keep occupancy high. So we're not being excessively aggressive pushing occupancy down. So we are in an occupancy first mode today. I think you're right. Several years ago, San Francisco or the Bay Area supply came in hard whether it was down in San Jose, Santa Clara, or in Soma, it did heavily impact market rates as concessionary levels got elevated. We're not seeing quite as much of a concessionary effect today, we are seeing supply comp. As we look at supply next year, it is going to come down and effect San Jose. It's also going to affect Mountain View a little bit more than it did this year, but I think it's predominantly back half of this year and first half of next year loaded. I think when you look at job growth that's happening, especially in that Soma, as well as Mission Bay area, I think it should absorb fairly well. And I think when you look at what new lease rate growth is today, a lot of that is based on how strong the market was a year ago, because there was limited supply coming in, and there was great job growth. So I don't see it quite being or being what it was several years ago, I just think we're having to work our way through some supply pressures over the next 9 to 12 months. But on the demand side, I think things still look strong.
Neil Malkin: All right…
Tom Toomey: Neil, this is Toomey. I would to add a little bit to that. One thing, Mike and Jerry are always focused on, is the concessionary level in the marketplace because at one month free rent on a lease-up that generally gets the new customer in the marketplace and doesn't impact our renewal environment. And you can see that in the numbers today and you heard it in our commentary earlier. And though you alluded to San Francisco, and as I recall that market went to two months to three months free rent and that really upsets the cart on the renewal process, and we lose a lot of pricing power on that side of the equation. So as long as we're in one-month free kind of concessionary market and that's what we anticipate is coming at us in some of these markets, I think our revenue streams will hold up pretty strong because of the low turnover and we're not enticing that long term resident to just move out. So, the one thing I wish the sell side would track more of is the concessionary market because it's probably a precursor to real pricing power or pricing exposure.
Neil Malkin: Okay, that's helpful I appreciate that, Tom. Other one for me is, I was reading that you guys are participating in a program called Rhino, a service called Rhino, it's basically to forego a security deposit, the tenant would pay for some sort of insurance program. Is that something that has been successful? Are you planning on rolling that out more? And any color on that would be helpful.
Jerry Davis: Yes. This is Jerry. I will tell you, we are talking to Rhino, we have not engaged. We think their product may have legs, it's something that we're trying to compare with some programs that have some similarities that we've used in the past and we're trying to get more comfortable that some of the negatives of the prior program don't replicate themselves. But it's something we're looking at. I think anytime you can look at opportunities that can help your resident which this product seems like it could because it's less cash upfront to move into an apartment, and protect us on the collection side. If it's a win-win, just like a lot of initiatives we rolled out in the past, we would probably be in favor of it, but we're still in -- the exploration stage have not piloted any of it yet, but it's something we're looking at.
Neil Malkin: All right. Thanks Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of Haendel [ph] with Mizuho, please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: So it's 1 hour and 10 minutes into this call. I'm just kidding. So -- out there; first question for me is on margin. I guess I'm curious, I know you talked about it before, but what type of margin improvement or expansion, do you think you can generate on the assets you're buying in from MetLife, now that you completely own and control them ballpark-ish?
Jerry Davis: When you look at those, it's probably a couple, it's 100 to 150 basis points, most likely, higher than we're at. We've looked at it more on the next couple of years. So we haven't gotten excessively specific. There are multiple programs that we had on the cost structure that we had already rolled into the UDR wholly owned platform previously. And in addition to that, when you look at what we've indicated, we expect to get from the Next Gen Operating Platform of 150 to 200 basis points, I think you get a little bit more juice out of those. And then you know the second part is, on some of this CapEx spend we're going to have, we should be able to drive revenue up, but probably, we've looked at it more on a return basis, but I don't have the exact margin expansion of top of my head.
Tom Toomey: But Haendel, this is Toomey. What I would add, as you look at the, the acquisitions that we've done, in particular the Boston one, where we might look at it today, and we think somewhere 600 to 700 basis point expansion, when that fully implemented in the Ops platform is available. And so the key is, it is not going to be what we to be what can do to our portfolio, well, excuse me, it is going to be a key, but what we can do with the potential acquisitions from private market operators who won't have the platform or the technology and then that leads to a real lift in our growth rate when we can buy at market or below market and then overlay the platform on top of it and get that type of margin expansion. So the story is not just what we can do to ours, but what we can do to the industry and the potentials that it leads to.
Unidentified Analyst: Helpful. Thanks Tom. And while I have you, I guess, understand you make long-term investment decisions that your -- and also that your market predictive model also helps you make capital or portfolio strategy decision over a longer term period, but I want to go back to Dallas, once again, 3.5% of NOI in the market that just seems to have been a regular under performer here over the last couple plus years, and so understand supply in Uptown, some other challenges that you have in [indiscernible] but I guess I'm curious if you are or should you be considering calling your exposure there or are you pretty happy in playing the long, long-term debt.
Joe Fisher: Haendel, overall we're fairly happy with the portfolio there. Obviously, we increased it within the MetLife JV, and so I'd say two-thirds of the MetLife JV that we acquired, we feel very good about and assets that we let go, were not necessarily in target markets, so net-net, we came out ahead in terms of target markets. The good thing we get with control of Vitruvian in addition to everything Jerry said from existing operations is, if you look at Vitruvian West 1 and the lease-up in the yield that took place there, relatively quickly set up for [ph] 400 units and yield in the Mid-6s, we're in Vitruvian West 2 right now, and 3, will be on the docket next, those will be 6% plus yield. So, getting access to land that allows us to go out there and accretively develop, is one of the things we liked about the value creation, access to Vitruvian -- that transaction.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue, and I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Well, thank you. And first let me thank all of you for your time and interest in UDR. Second, as you heard throughout the call today, during 2019, the team has executed on all aspects of our value creation capabilities, which I think will set up 2020 for continued strong NOI growth and cash flow growth. And again, lastly these results are really achieved through the efforts of our exceptional associates and their continued effort every day, as well as our culture of constantly trying to find a way to do it better every day. So with that we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in a couple of weeks. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to UDR Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President, Chris Van Ens. Thank you, Mr. Van Ens, you may now begin.
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon, and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements, are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release, and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and welcome to UDR's second quarter 2019 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Our strong second quarter results highlighted by same-store NOI growth of 4.2% and FFO as adjusted per share growth of 6.3% continue to demonstrate UDR’s value creation potential as well as execution of our primary strategic objective. These remain, first, ensuring continued operational excellence through strong blocking and tackling, and innovation, such as the implantation of our next generation operating platform to further boost our operating margin; second, maintaining the diversified portfolio to mitigate risk and provide more degrees of freedom to utilize our best-in-class operating platform and adaptive capital allocation platform; third, driving cash flow growth through accretive and disciplined capital sourcing and deployment; fourth, maintaining a liquid investment-grade balance sheet; and fifth, promoting a culture of empowerment and innovation. Continuous execution of these objectives has made UDR a full-cycle investment. And over the past three years has resulted in the second highest FFO, as adjusted per share growth rate in the group, outpacing our peer average by 100 basis points per year. This is a tremendous result for a highly diversified company. Moving on, we are now seven months into the year with good visibility through the remainder of the peak leasing season. As such, we have raised our same-store revenue and NOI growth guidance ranges by 20 basis points and 37.5 basis points at the midpoints, and our FFO as adjusted per share guidance range by $0.015 at the midpoint. Joe will provide more details in his prepared remarks. Looking ahead, over the next 18 months, we feel good about where we are positioned, assuming the continuation of the stable economic and demand supply environment. For UDR specifically, we will continue to ring efficiencies out of our cost structure through our next generation operating platform and our 2019 acquisitions and our investment activities will be accretive to 2020. Jerry and Joe will provide additional color in their remarks. Next, we continue to find opportunities to match fund equities sourced at a premium to NAV with acquisitions that are in target markets and have significant near-term operational upside. During the second quarter and third quarter, we raised a $120 million of equity through our ATM, which is earmarked for acquisitions and we further simplified the Company through the liquidation of the KFH joint venture. We remain disciplined in our capital raising, choosing to wait until investment opportunities are in hand, rather than speculative dilute our shareholders. Joe will take you through our thought process, capital uses, recent debt offerings in more detail during his prepared remarks. Last, we recently published our inaugural corporate responsibility report and launched an ESG website on udr.com. These resource will help our stakeholders better understand what UDR has done, is doing and plans to accomplish with regards to these important topics. We are constantly striving to improve all aspects of our business and would welcome any feedback stakeholders may have on this front. With that, the senior management team would like to extend a special thank you to all UDR associates for your continued hard work. I will now turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. We’re pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results with same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth of 3.7%, 2.3% and 4.2%, respectively. For revenues, blended lease rates grew by 4.4% during the quarter or 60 basis points above last year’s comparable period, and consistent with the first quarter spread and our expectations. We are forecasting a similar year-over-year spread throughout the back half of the year. Quarterly occupancy was strong at 96.9% and is forecast to remain in the high 96% range for the remainder of 2019. And other income grew 11.5% year-over-year. This rate was above what we had forecast entering the quarter but comps do toughen as we move through the back half of 2019. In short, blended lease rate growth and occupancy have been as expected thus far, whereas other income growth has outperformed. This outperformance in combination with our expectation for stable apartment fundamentals throughout the remainder of 2019 drove the 20 basis-point increase in our full-year same-store revenue growth guidance range, which is now 3.4% to 4.0% and near the top end of the sector. At the market level, San Francisco, Seattle and Austin which represent 24% of our same-store NOI, marginally outperformed our initial expectations with average revenue growth of 5.7% in the second quarter. This was a result of increased demand for our apartments which drove occupancy, which drove occupancy, as well as above average contributions from other income item such as parking, short-term furnished rentals, and rentals of common area spaces. Conversely, Orange County and Florida, which comprised 22% of our same-store NOI, have slightly underperformed our initial expectations with average revenue growth of 3.3% due to weaker demand and/or competitive supply. All other markets are performing more or less in line with our initial expectations coming into the year. Moving on, the implementation and execution of our next generation operating platform is dropping an increasing number of dollars to our bottom-line, evidenced by the 50 basis-point year-over-year expansion in our same-store controllable margin and same-store controllable expense growth of only 0.4% during the second quarter. To be clear, the initiatives associated with our next generation operating platform, which include process improvement, the centralization of administrative non-customer facing tasks, outsourcing certain functions, installations of smart home tech, the development of enhanced smart device, self service options and the better utilization of big data do not just provide bolt-on incremental upside, they are fundamentally changing how we operate the business and interact with our customers. The significance of this change is best captured by examining the inverse growth rates of our personnel and repairs and maintenance costs. Over the past year, our outsourcing and centralization initiatives have resulted in personnel costs declining by 9% or $1.4 million with repair and maintenance costs increasing by 16% or $1.4 million. Combined, these controllable expense line items, which comprise 35% of our expense stack, produced flat year-over-year growth during the quarter. They should be increasing at a rate at least in line with or above inflation, given the strong wage growth in our markets, which was near 4% over the past year according to the BLS, theoretically saving us over $800,000 during the quarter. Over the next 3 to 4 years, we expect our next generation operating platform to dramatically improve efficiencies throughout our expense structure, drive customer satisfaction higher and increase employee engagement, which should ultimately result in 150 to 200 basis points of expansion in our same-store controllable margin. This translates into approximately $15 million to $20 million of incremental run rate NOI, based on annualized second quarter results. By the end of 2019, we will have captured about 20% to 25% of this upside. With regard to other aspects of the platform, we made significant progress installing smart home technologies during the quarter and after quarter end. To-date, we have completed 19,000 homes. By year-end, we expect to have finished 25,000 to 30,000 homes and be beta testing our smart device app that will enable mobile self touring and provide our residents with an enhanced suite of self-service options to more efficiently connect with us. For non-controllable expenses, real estate taxes increased by 4.7%. Year-to-date growth has been 4%, but we are still forecasting full-year growth in the 5% to 6% range for this category. In total, we're lowering our same-store expense growth guidance by 50 basis points at the midpoint to 2.5% to 3%, in reaction to both the positive results from our operating platform efficiencies, as well as more favorable real estate tax appeals and levy rates. Altogether, our operations and the demand supply environments for our apartments feels good, and drove the 37.5 basis-point increase in our full-year same-store NOI growth guidance range, which is now 3.75% to 4.5%. Next, an update on New York rent regulation. After evaluating each lease in our New York portfolio, the impact of rent regulation legislation and recent court rulings is relatively immaterial to UDR. To frame this, we are forecasting that the changes will negatively impact 2019 NOI by $300,000 to $500,000 and 2020 NOI by 500,000 to $1 million. These estimates do not include potentially lower real estate taxes or any positive impact to market rate rent growth. They do incorporate the impact on our 421a homes due to the Housing Stability and Tenant Protection Act of 2019, and our 421g homes at 10 Hanover and 95 Wall in downtown Manhattan due to the latter June ruling by the New York Court of Appeals that disallowed luxury deregulation. After incorporating this recent court ruling, approximately 40% of our pro rata New York homes are market rate. This jumps into your 50% of homes by midyear 2020, and as abatements burn off, at over 70% by midyear 2023. In closing, I would like to thank all of our associates in the field and at corporate for producing another strong quarter of operational growth. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thanks, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our second quarter results and updated full-year guidance, a transactions and capital markets update, and a balance sheet update. Our second quarter earnings results came in at or above the high ends of previously provided guidance ranges. FFO as adjusted per share was $0.52 over 6% higher year-over-year, and driven by strong same-store and lease-up performance and accretive capital deployment. Next, our full-year guidance update. We raised our full-year FFOs adjusted guidance range by a $0.015 at the midpoint to $2.05 to $2.08. NAREIT FFO and AFFO per share expectations were also increased. Of the $0.015 increase at the midpoint, improved operations, year-to-date transactions combined with equity issuances, and lower interest expense due to lower LIBOR and rates on year-to-date debt issuances each contributed a half penny. The full guidance update including sources and uses expectations, the same-store updates Jerry referenced and third quarter guidance ranges, is available on attachment 15 of our supplement. Moving on to transactions and capital markets. We remain disciplined in our capital sourcing and flexible with its deployment, continuing to pivot to the best available risk-adjusted return opportunities that can be creatively funded. During the quarter, we acquired 4 apartment communities located in Towson; Maryland, King of Prussia, Pennsylvania; St. Petersburg, Florida; and Waltham, Massachusetts for $328 million at a weighted average year one NOI yield near 5%, and moving to the midsize in year two. These brought our year-to-date acquisition activity to $731 million including land for future development. These purchases in target markets have significant operational upside and utilized the leverage adjusted buying power of $492 million of equity we issued at an average 2% premium to consensus NAV last December, during the first quarter. Throughout the second quarter, our equity cost of capital remained advantageous. But, as Tom indicated in his prepared remarks, we remain disciplined with regard to our sourcing, only choosing to return to the market via our ATM program late in the quarter and early in July, once we had an identified accretive use. As such, we issued approximately 2.6 million shares at a weighted average 7% premium to consensus NAV for net proceeds of $120 million. We believe this match funding approach which limits the risk of speculative dilution to our earnings stream best serves our investors. Uses of the most recent ATM proceeds include the pending acquisitions of One William located in Englewood, New Jersey for $84 million and 1301 Thomas Circle out of our KFH joint venture in Washington D.C. at an all-in valuation of $184 million. Both are expected to close in the third quarter, subject to customer closing conditions. Closing out this topic, our year-to-date acquisitions are NAV accretive, have IRRs that exceed our weighted average cost of capital and will be accretive to our FFOA per share growth rate in 2020 and beyond. In addition, all were funded with the accretive capital, are in target markets identified by our predictive analytics work, have meaningful operating upside by improving core ops and implementing legacy other income initiatives, and fit well with the next generation of our operating platform. On the disposition front, we continue to make progress liquidating our three-community KFH joint venture. One of the JV’s communities’ was sold to a third party during the second quarter with another sold subsequent to quarter end. As indicated earlier in my remarks, we are under contract to purchase the 70% of 1301 Thomas Circle we did not previously own. At completion the joint venture will have been fully liquidated. Please see our second quarter press release and supplement for further details on our transactional and capital markets activity. Moving on, our Developer Capital Program investment inclusive of accrued preferred return stood at $244 million at quarter-end. We previously announced the $27 million commitment to Modera Lake Merritt, located in Oakland, California on our first quarter call, and continue to look for new opportunities to deploy capital should they meet our investment criteria. Next, balance sheet. The $300 million of 10-year unsecured debt we issued in late June settled subsequent to quarter end. The issuance had all-in effective rate of 3.46% after accounting for previous hedging activities. Uses of proceeds include the paydown of short-term debt including our commercial paper facility and for general corporate purposes. At quarter-end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, net of commercial paper balance was $750 million prior to accounting for our recent $300 million unsecured debt issuance. Our consolidated financial leverage was 32.1% on an undepreciated book value and 25.8% on enterprise value, inclusive of joint ventures. Our consolidated net debt to EBITDAre was 5.4 times and inclusive of joint ventures was 5.9 times. We remain comfortable with our credit metrics and don't plan to actively lever up or down. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Thank you. Our first question today comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Maybe turning on to the next generation operating platform, it looks like spend for 2019 in guidance was up about $10 million. So, I'm wondering if you can walk through that. Is it acceleration of spend, the change in the scope or something else?
Jerry Davis: Yes. Nick, this is Jerry. The extra $10 million is just -- we're going to go forward with more smart home installations than we had originally planned this year. The first 19,000 have gone well; we're seeing the benefits to the platform and the resident adoption. We’ve made the decision to keep the pipeline going with the vendor, and we've added an additional 10,000 or so units.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. And then, I appreciate the margin comments in terms of leading the longer term opportunity with the platform. But how scalable is that platform, or how many homes could it support ultimately, without adding incremental expenses, meaningfully?
Jerry Davis: Really, most of those benefits occur out in the field. So, there's just a few positions that will be added later next year or into early 2021. I mean, inside sales team will really be needed to support some of the functions from here. So, I’d tell you, it's really on a property-by-property basis. So, it's fully scalable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Trent Trujillo with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Trent Trujillo: Good morning. So, Joe, your work and the team's work around predictive analytics indicated that New York was an attractive market and perhaps the preferred market for investment. Has the recent rent regulation altered this view at all?
Joe Fisher: No, it really hasn't. You saw our subsequent activity that we disclosed there in Englewood, New Jersey, which we consider part of the New York MSA. So, I think that gives you a signal that we are still interested in New York. That predictive work, of course, kind of leads us in the right direction that can go against the herd or against the group a little bit. But, then, it's still up to all the qualitative assessments and analysis that we do with the group here and with the group in the field to determine is it the right market, is it the right sub market? So, rent control overall, I think you've heard others make comments on it, we would comment the same thing that it probably does impede future capital and future supply on the rent stabilized side in terms of competing supply out there. So, there is a possibility we think that the market rate units that are in existing portfolio and in this New Jersey deal, stand a benefit over time. So overall, doesn't necessarily change the view of the overall market. But it makes us a little bit more positive on our market rate exposure.
Trent Trujillo: And Jerry, it seemed like you started to shift focus on rate increases as opposed to focusing explicitly on occupancy. So, given where the portfolio stands, and what you achieved on the increase side so far this year, I think it was 60 basis-point GAAP year-over-year. How much incremental rate growth are you looking to achieve to set up the earnings for 2020? I think you mentioned previously there was about an upside of 70 basis points. Just wondering if that might still hold?
Jerry Davis: Yes, it could, but it’s probably going to be comparable to what we’ve done in the first half. We pushed the rate heavily in the beginning part of the second quarter and had some resistance as you probably noticed and our turnover ticked up a 100 basis points, part of that was because of short-term furnished rentals which are up a 100% year-over-year. Even after backing out the effect of short-term furnished from both periods, turnover was still up 40 bps. So, we gave it a push in April and May, felt some resistance, lost a little bit of occupancy early June, and we built it back up. So, we’re cognizant that we like to run in that high 96 range. So, you may see us temper down that rate growth to maintain that occupancy. But, I still think, it’s comparable to what we’ve done in the first half and probably won’t grow.
Trent Trujillo: Okay. And maybe just a quick follow-up to that. You mentioned or you touched on turnover ticking up. Are you explicitly managing that or is it basically an output of the revenue management approach that you’re taking, because if turnover does play in your approach, it does effect the cost control in terms of cost on turns? So, just wondering if you have thoughts on that.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think it is in the -- you do put in target occupancy levels into the rent optimization system. So, we got to sit where we like to be. But at times, when you push a little heavier on renewal rate growth, which we did early in the second quarter, you’ll end up with higher levels of move-outs. So, that’s when we’ll alter really the amount we send on, on renewals. Because you can always take a recommendation from the system then add a few 10, 20, 30 basis points to it try to get that incremental growth to see where that sweet spot is and that’s what we attempted to do. But, again, we’ve let the system kind of come back to the natural pricing on renewals to keep that turnover more flat.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hi. Good morning, everyone. So, is it fair to say, Jerry, that the higher turnover on the short-term rentals you referenced and otherwise is what’s really resulting in the pause in acceleration in same-store revenue growth despite the fact that you’re getting positive blended lease rate spreads, you have a sequential uptake in occupancy? But we’ve seen now two quarters in a row where same-store revenue growth has been virtually flat. Is that the factors that’s driving that?
Jerry Davis: I think so. We’re getting no contribution, as you said, from occupancy. We have been getting good contribution from other income, which grew to 11% but we expect that to moderate down to high single-digits, as you get into the second half of this year. And the blended rate growth, while it’s been up, you’re still getting rent growth that goes back over the last four quarter, that’s how it gets built up.
Austin Wurschmidt: So, are you assuming that turnover continues to tick up in the back half of the year?
Jerry Davis: I think it’s going to be comparable from what we see right now to what it was last year, so kind of flat.
Austin Wurschmidt: Okay, thanks. And then, just on the acquisitions, could you provide what the average going in cap rate is for the acquisitions you’ve completed and have announced? And then, what you expect in year two or three on those, or what the FFO upside, I guess would be, the other way to look at it in year one versus two to three years out?
Joe Fisher: So, typically, when we've gone out, we try to make sure that we can acquire assets to improve both, near-term cash flow growth as well as FFO accretion and then produce better IRR relative to WACC. So, we're trying to check a number of boxes. But, when you look at the ingoing cap rate on kind of this current group that we've announced, it’s high 4s. And over the next 12 months by year two, we think we’ll be into 5.25 range. You do have a pretty wide range within that. We talked last quarter a little bit about Rodgers Forge, one of the deals that we’re very excited about that we think we have the opportunity to hit to a 6% yield by year two. So, some of them have a little bit more opportunity than others, but all of them fit well with the target market strategy, the existing operating platform, and then that next generation operating platform. So, we think overall, we're getting pretty outsized growth relative to market assumptions.
Austin Wurschmidt: And is that upside generated just from implementing the next gen ops or also include market rent growth assumptions as well?
Joe Fisher: Yes. There's going to be market rent growth assumptions as a baseline expectation. But, on top of that, there's a lot of things that Jerry and his team do exceptionally well on the core blocking and tackling side, whether that be managing LEMs, putting in place the other income, controlling expenses, et cetera, which is part of the core business, if you will. And then, you have the next generation operating platform that we talk about as well, which is additional juice and returns above and beyond that amount. So, you have all those kind of compounds that drive that growth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Q - Rich Hightower: My question on turnover has been adequately answered. So, I'm just going to stick to one here. So, just in terms of acquisitions for the year-to-date period, I know that Thomas Circle is a particular situation, given that it was in a joint venture, and there's a history there. But, is there any sort of theme as to sort of the more suburban tilt from what's been acquired more recently, outside of that? I'm not familiar with the St. Petersburg asset, but I don't know if you call that suburban or not, anything to kind of pick up on that?
Jerry Davis: No, I don't think so. It’s very asset-specific in terms of the opportunities. Overall, we want to maintain that 50-50 urban suburban AB mix. A lot of our development in recent years has been more urban, high rise class A type of product. So, this does help us balance it out. So, when you do go through those opportunities, as you mentioned, 1301 Thomas, which is more urban, the two New York area acquisitions, I would say are more urban in nature. You mentioned the Preserve, or the Currents or the other Tampa deal, those are more operated as a pod, so probably a little bit more suburban, but they worked very well within your platform. So, it's kind of a mix of probably one-third urban, two-thirds suburban. In general, there have been a little bit newer, a little bit higher rents, but the ultimate idea here is to drive accretion. So, we're not necessarily trophy chasing but we're not dipping down into B minus suburban quality to get yield either. So, trying to produce more cash flow with a little bit better portfolio, a little bit more diversified.
Harry Alcock: Rich, this is Harry. I’d add that the -- I mean, we're using the term suburban but most of these suburban type assets as we're calling them are really first-ring suburbs, where there like the Waltham deal, like Englewood, even like the St. Pete deals are really only 5 to 10 miles from the urban core.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Wes Golladay: Looking at the DC program, do you expect that to grow much this year if have being repaid at the back half of the year and I see your permits are falling in some of your markets?
Joe Fisher: The intent of course is to still try to continue to find opportunities there. We like the risk adjusted returns that we’ve found to-date. And so we're going to hold to that underwriting and that return requirement. Like you said, permit activity has come off a little bit, I think, on the construction financing side, the fact that we're probably going to see here in the next hour, LIBOR come down and Fed funds rate come down, you seen on the construction financing side, spreads have compressed a little bit and terms have eased a little bit. So, I would say our capital that cost becomes perhaps a little bit less competitive. But, we don't have a ton of capacity there left, another $100 million or so to go to get our kind of self-imposed limits. So, we don't need to stretch, we don't need to go rush out there and find it. So, hopefully, we find some more opportunities. But right now pretty happy with all the acquisition activity, we've been able to do.
Wes Golladay: And do you expect to formally participate any takeout, I guess, on the Block 11? It mentioned none in the supplement. But you did offer some extensions, so did you get anything in return for that?
Joe Fisher: Yes. We did have incremental returns, we had an extension fee on that that we earned. That was blended in over five months. In addition, we think it may create an opportunity on the back end here, as they continue to move forward with that opportunity. So, it may roll into an additional DCP opportunity, which could be larger in nature, could have a different return profile, and could have backend participation, as many of our recent deals have had.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Richard Hill of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Lauren Weston: This is Lauren Weston on for Richard Hill. Thanks for the color on the next gen platform. Could you just provide a bit more color on the use of predictive analytics to select markets and maybe how you're finding value while others aren't? Previously, you talked about New York and Baltimore, in Philly and Tampa, are there any new insights that you can share with us?
Jerry Davis: It's a tool that we utilize. At the end of the day, it comes down to somewhat of a mean reversion type of analysis. There's a number of factors that go into it. The goal, though, is to lead us to where others potentially aren't, where there are opportunities that the herd may not see, if you will. So, we're trying to find markets that have good economic growth, good underlying demographic drivers, but have not seen rents that have kept pace with those. We think we found them in Baltimore and Philly and New York and Boston. We're trying to go that route. But, at the end of the day, there is still a qualitative assessment. Right? We have to make sure that the job composition, the education base, the demographics go through it all, make sure it all works with what the model tells us. And so, then, you siphon down the market exposure a little bit more in terms of what Harry and his team are able to focus on. And then, ultimately, it just comes down to pick the right sub market, pick the right asset.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: On the revenue-enhancing CapEx side, can you give us a sense for how much of the portfolio has seen the kitchen and bath upgrades last few years? Are we reaching a moderation of revenue-enhancing CapEx or is the current levels, should they persist for the next several years?
Jerry Davis: I would say, John, over the next couple of years, you're probably going to see at somewhat similar levels as these assets continue to age. And we expect the life of the kitchen and bath to be, call it 10 to 12 years, and you’re doing 5,000 or so of those -- sorry, 2,000 to 3,000 of those a year. And there is always inventory coming in. It’s not purely kitchen and bath, we also do some expense reducing CapEx with that such as LED light replacements and things like that, as well as adding amenities, dog parks, rooftops, repurposing old theater rooms, opportunities like that, or in some place we found the opportunity to do single unit additions at properties where we have additional deck space. So, it falls into that. But, I think, when you look at that $35 million to $45 million range that we’ve been spending, I think you’re going to see that sustain for the next couple of years.
John Pawlowski: Thanks. And then, Jerry, on Orange County and LA, new lease growth continued to deteriorate in 2Q. The supply backdrops seems better than some of your Sunbelt market. So, what is the team seeing on the demand side, how are reasons for move-out trending, I guess why the softness in the Southern California markets?
Jerry Davis: You’re just seeing muted job growth still in Orange County, it’s roughly 1% and no reason for move-out typically, leaving the area. Orange County, you’re seeing a lack of an influx lately of -- people for employment. I think in LA some of that is supply driven. It’s not as much as on the demand side. But Orange County, we definitely have felt less job creation and wage growth down there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey. Good morning out there. Just a few questions. First, Jerry, when you mentioned your New York market rate exposure now with the rent control, I think you said that right now 40% of the units are market rate. But, before, previously, I thought you guys have said that only -- that 20% of your units were regulated, meaning 80% more market rate. So, was this a shift because of you guys are sort of doing a pro forma the luxury decontrol or is it something else change?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Alex. It’s Joe. So, there was another factor that changed in June, although the focus was on the Tenant Protection Act of 2019, which we have talked about previously, put us at about 80% market rate with the two deals being Leonard Pointe and Columbus Square that were in the rent stabilized size. What we also got caught with in June was New York State Court of Appeals ruling on 421g, which impacts our 10 Hanover and 95 Wall assets, which are about 3.5% of our total NOI. There had been a court case out there that went all the way up through Court of Appeals that we’d expected would not rule against landlords, the court case specifically focused on could you utilize luxury deregulation in 421g. Historical precedent, going back to the 90s have been that all landlords consider those market rates. When 421g was put in place, Giuliani and the state Senate had agreed that luxury deregulation could be utilized for those. We’ve seen prior court cases that have supported that and the Department of Housing and Community Renewal had also provided us specially and others documentations that said they were market rate. Unfortunately, the Court of Appeals decided to overwrite all of that. So, we’re little bit surprised on the ruling and the timing of it. So, that did slip us to 40%. I’d say the positive or silver lining on all of this, the legal versus market rents today, there is a very substantial gap to where legal rents will be for those two assets, although we’re 25%. So, new leases are not impacted. We still have the ability to push rates on those. And then, from a duration of how long we are within rent stabilization or at least lack of luxury deregulation, and Hanover comes off in the next 11 months, on 6/30 of next year. And 95 Wall is off 6/30 of ‘23. So, that's why we ramp back up from about 40% today and start ramping back towards that 80% of our a couple years. Now, the NOI impact, I think Jerry kind of broke down, relatively immaterial, as I look at these two plus the other two that we've previously spoken to. So, relatively immaterial NOI impact, don't see evaluation impact, given the fact that they're about to come off rent stabilization the next couple of years, but there was a change in that percentage.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then, on the outlook front, on the guidance front. Jerry, it sounds like from the comments, obviously good start to the year. But then, right now, your year-to-date revenue growth is basically where your full-year guidance range is. So, was there just sort of, I guess, you could call like slack in the system earlier in the year where there was a lot of potential to capture a lot of lost ground or mark to market on whether it's occupancy or rents or whatever it was that allowed you guys to boost occupancy. But for the back part of this year, it's -- you don't have those same levers, in which case, it's just -- I think, as you were saying, it's maybe a tougher comp. But, the real growth that we saw earlier in the year, basically plateaus for the balance of the year. Just trying to better understand what's going on.
Jerry Davis: First, there's really been no occupancy gains at all this year. We've run it 96.9 for the past two years. So, while some of our peers are getting occupancy pops that are driving revenue growth, we're not. The second thing is, in the first half of this year, we've had more of a contribution from increasing other income, which as we continue to anniversary out more difficult comps, last year, in the second half, it becomes more muted. So, I think on the rent side, things are playing out as expected, but you're just going to get less of an impact from that. I would add, when you look at our numbers, we do have the highest guidance at a midpoint of 3.7. So, we're proud of the numbers we're putting out. But again, we haven't had the opportunity to drive occupancy, because we got out in front of that several years before the bulk of our peers. And we're continuing to enjoy the benefits of other income, and it is starting to slow from double digits down to high single.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then, just finally, Joe, on the on the increase capital for acquisitions this year, over $700 million, how much of that has been driven by just the rise in your stock price, which has made equities more attractive versus you guys seeing something changed in the market that makes apartment investing better this year than you originally thought at the beginning of the year?
Joe Fisher: Yes. I think, it’s more driven by the former than the latter. We're always looking for opportunities to improve the portfolio, improve near term cash, long term cash flow growth. So, even if we didn't have a cost of equity today, we could be still turning assets over and selling assets. So, we're always looking at opportunities, always looking in the market. But there hasn't been a change in our underwriting that's driven us to be more aggressive. I think, it's more so simply that we’d become more active as our cost of equity is improved. And so, given the opportunity to go out there and issue some equity, be disciplined around it in terms of managing the dilution profile, making sure that we match funds and making sure that we keep putting up more accretion for 2020, given that opportunity, we want to take advantage of it. And so, we're able to do that. But, we'll continue to monitor what's going on in the use side, and then the source side as well and match them up.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Hardik Goel with Zelman & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Hardik Goel: A similar question was asked before, but I wanted to stress on a different aspect of it, and maybe put it in context. So, if you look at EQR comments, they believe that suburban assets will not fare well over the course of a long cycle, because once supply hits, there won't be any demand absorb it. You guys are obviously buying assets in the outer rings and suburbs. What is your thought on the long-term kind of performance of these assets if supply were to shift there?
Jerry Davis: So, we are not purely buying in the outer ring. I think, I it’s Harry made the comment earlier, really first ring suburbs, the suburban town centers, if you will, as well as some urban assets. But we're not trying to make a wholesale shift either to suburban. So, this isn't a strategic shift and a view the suburban will always outperform urban. I think, every market and every submarket will go through its cycles. Our goal is to be diversified around that by being in the 20 markets, the urban suburban mix, the AB mix. And when we've looked back over time and looked at A and B rental rate growth performance, and urban and suburban, there isn't all that much of a discrepancy between the two. And there are different levels of volatility, I would say, meaning that suburban is typically less volatile, B a little bit less volatile. So from a portfolio construction standpoint, it makes sense to have a nice blend of all those. In addition, we're typically getting a little bit more yield by going to that first ring suburb, which allows us to get a little bit better IRR than would be the case, if we went for urban A plus quality at a 4 cap.
Hardik Goel: Any thought on whether valuations could shift more negatively in the first ring suburban and the core? I know this cycle just kind of compressed to being comparable?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. I think, we don't see any evidence of that necessarily. The fundamentals continue to be strong in these first ring suburbs. And again, remember, we're talking about markets that are 5 to 10 miles from the urban core in most cases. And we look at it, at a property like Englewood, New Jersey to property like Currents on the Charles in Waltham, the rents are roughly 50% or even more than 50% below the rest in the urban core. So from our perspective, we're well-positioned and in theory, we're cushioned to some extent against the downturn in the market.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey, for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Well, thank you. And, again, thank you for your time and interest in UDR. As you've read and as you heard, business is very good. What I will say is we will continue to execute our strategic plan, as it's clearly working and producing growing cash flow and TSR that accompanies it. As we look to the future, we feel really good about the balance of 2019 and probably even a tick up from there as we build for our foundation for 2020. With that, take care. We look forward to seeing you in the September conference event.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President, Chris Van Ens. Thank you, Mr. Van Ens, you may begin.
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to the UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon, and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement we've reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements, are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release, and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question and answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and welcome to UDR's first quarter 2019 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results. As well as senior officers Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Our strong first quarter results, highlighted by FFO as adjusted growth of 6% and the value creation we produce for our shareholders, again confirmed that we are successfully executing on our overarching strategies, which focus on operational excellence, maintaining a diversified portfolio, accretive capital allocations, maintaining a liquid investment grade balance sheet, and promoting a culture of empowerment and innovation. Big picture macroeconomic drivers remain supportive of a stable apartment fundamentals during the quarter, something we had anticipated, which we built into our sector leading 2019 same-store growth guidance. While we are only four months into the year, and we are just starting peak leasing season, we continue to see positive momentum in leasing trends, record low turnover, and strong occupancy. As the majority of peak leasing season is yet to come, we are not providing guidance update at this time. But operations look good. Jerry will provide additional color in his remarks. Moving on, we had a busy first quarter for transactions. Numerous acquisitions in markets targeted for expansion, when we reported on the fourth quarter call, and represented accretive near term uses of the $300 million of equity we issued last December. Our strong cost of capital persisted throughout the first quarter, and we took advantage, issuing approximately $192 million of new equity at a premium to NAV through our ATM program. In his prepared remarks, Joe will guide you through the high level value creation potential for our $517 million year-to-date uses and an additional $109 million acquisitions we have under contracts. All in, the market has generally provided us a signal to grow since last December, and we have responded with accretive deals that strengthen our position in targeted markets, while also maintaining geographic and asset quality diversification. Last; I and senior management team would like to express our gratitude to Lynne Sagalyn and Rob Freeman, both of whom have faithfully served our shareholders as Board members for over 20 years. They have decided not to stand for reelection this year. We thank them for their dedication and leadership during their tenures, and wish them the best moving forward. With that, we'd like to extend a special thanks to all our UDR associates for your continued hard work. And now I will turn it over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks Tom, and good afternoon everyone. We're pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results, with same-store revenue and NOI growth rates of 3.8% and 4.1%, both near the top end of full year 2019 guidance ranges. As first indicated on our fourth quarter call, we continue to believe that more of our 2019 topline growth will be driven by rent increases versus 2018's occupancy gains and other income growth. Examining the three primary drivers of same-store revenue growth, we saw that. Blended lease rate growth was 3.3% during the quarter or 60 basis points above last year's comparable period. For the remainder of 2019, we are continuing to forecast that our year-over-year spread will remain near this level. Occupancy declined by 10 basis points year-over-year during the quarter to 96.8%. We continue to forecast flattish occupancy in 2019. And other income grew 12.7% or 350 basis points above the rate produced in the first quarter of 2018. While this result is encouraging and above our initial forecast, we caution that some of the outperformance was due to onetimers and other income ramped significantly throughout 2018, thereby increasing the difficulty of each quarter's comp moving forward. Regarding expenses, the process and procedural improvements we implemented throughout 2018 and thus far in 2019, continued to produce solid results. The two controllable expense line items, where these successes are most eminent, are personnel and repairs and maintenance, as presented on attachment 6 of our supplement. During the quarter, personnel was down 4.3% year-over-year or approximately $620,000. Repairs and maintenance grew by 14.1% or approximately $1.1 million, but included $300,000 in unusual weather-related costs. After excluding these unexpected costs, combined growth in these two categories would have been less than 1%, and well below inflationary norms. Moving forward, we encourage those listening to examine personnel and R&M expense growth, in concert with one another, as our ongoing platform initiatives will likely continue to push the respective growth rates in opposite direction, but also reduce the combined growth over time. For non-controllable expenses, real estate taxes increased by a rather modest 3.4%, as we realized better than expected refund activity. That being said, we are still forecasting full year growth in the 5% to 7% range for this category. All in, we feel good about our operations and believe we are running on all cylinders. As Tom indicated in his remarks, we are not providing a guidance update on this call. But absent a macroeconomic hiccup or some other exogenous shock, the probabilities of hitting the low ends of our full year same-store revenue and NOI growth ranges appear remote at this time. Moving onto a platform update. As indicated earlier in my remarks, we're seeing solid returns from the implementation of process and procedural improvements on our controllable expense categories. On the revenue side, we have upgraded approximately 9,200 homes to-date with smart home technologies and are achieving the incremental rent premiums we underwrote. Therefore, phase 1 of our upgraded operating platform, which focuses on these attributes, as well as outsourcing and centralizing non customer-facing tasks is progressing as expected. Phases 2 and 3 which entails the launch of an expanded suite of self-service options for our residents available on their smart devices, and utilizing the internal data we tracked to better operate our communities are on schedule, on budget and will provide benefits in the years to come. In future calls, I will continue to provide updates on our progress. Next, a quick overview of year-to-date market level performance. San Francisco, Washington DC and Austin, which represent 34% of our same-store NOI, has marginally outperformed versus initial expectations, as the result of increased demand for our apartments, which drove occupancy, as well as above average contributions from other income items, such as parking, short term furnished rentals and rentals of common area spaces. Conversely, Orange County and Seattle, which comprise 22% of our same-store NOI, have underperformed due to uncharacteristically harsh weather during the first quarter, and in the case of Orange County, weaker job growth. All other markets are performing more or less in line with our initial expectations coming into this year. Last, a short update on our developments and redevelopments. During the quarter, we started the second phase of Vitruvian West in Addison, Texas. The community will comprise 366 homes with our 50% share of the cost to construct at $32 million. We are excited about this project, given the highly successful lease up of phase 1, which consisted of 383 homes and took only six months during 2018. The remainder of our development projects outlined on attachment 9, are now physically stabilized at over 90% and continue to march towards economic stabilization. In aggregate, we are pleased with how these communities have leased up, the lease rates we have, and are attaining, and the value creation they will continue to provide to our stakeholders. On the redevelopment side, which you can review on attachment 10, 10 Hanover Square in lower Manhattan and Garrison Square in the Boston Back Bay were removed from our same-store pool during the quarter and placed into redevelopment. Expected spend on these two communities is approximately $35.5 million, with completion scheduled for late 2020 or early 2021, as unit interiors will be updated on term. These are both examples of accretive capital being put to work in markets we are targeting for expansion. As a reminder, the 2019 full-year same-store guidance ranges we provided on our fourth quarter call, contemplated the redevelopment of these communities. In closing, I would like to thank all of our associates in field and in corporate for producing another strong quarter of operational growth. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thanks Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our first quarter results and second quarter guidance, a transactions and capital markets update, and the balance sheet update. Our first quarter earnings results came in at the mid to high end of previously provided guidance ranges. FFO as Adjusted per share was $0.50, up 6% year-over-year, and driven by strong same-store and lease up performance, and accretive capital deployment. Next, as indicated earlier, in our prepared remarks, we're not providing an earnings or same-store guidance update on this call, due to how early we are in the year. However, updated sources and uses expectations and second quarter guidance ranges are available on attachment 15 of our supplement. Moving onto transactions and capital markets; as previously announced, we acquired four operating assets located in New York, Suburban Seattle, Orange County and Tampa, for a total investment of approximately $362 million in the first quarter at a weighted average year one FFO yield in the high fours. In addition, we purchased two development sites located in Washington DC and Denver for $41 million. Combined, these acquisitions along with smart home investments and funding Developer Capital Program commitments, represented accretive uses for the $300 million of equity we issued at a premium to NAV last December and the additional leverage this equity allows. Positively, our equity cost of capital remained advantageous throughout the quarter. As such, we took advantage and issued approximately 4.4 million shares for net proceeds of $192 million via our ATM program at a 5% premium to consensus NAV. We believe that our disciplined approach of identifying near term uses prior to sourcing new capital, best serves our investors by not speculatively diluting our earnings stream. Primary uses of these incremental ATM proceeds, included a post quarter acquisition of Rodgers Forge, located in Towson, Maryland for $86 million and the pending acquisition of Park Square located in the King of Prussia submarket in Philadelphia for $109 million. Park Square is expected to close during the second quarter, subject to customary closing conditions. Near term and longer-term value creation from our year-to-date acquisitions comes in a variety of forms. First, and as already indicated, they have been funded with accretive capital. Second, they are in markets targeted for expansion by our predictive analytics work. Third, there is plenty of upside by improving core ops and implementing legacy other income initiatives. And last, these communities fit will with Jerry's next-generation operating platform. Economically, all of these transactions exceeded our weighted average cost of capital, enhanced our portfolio growth rate and IRR and our NAV and FFO accretive. Please see our first quarter press release and supplement for further details on our transactional and capital markets activity. Regarding development, as Jerry indicated we started construction on the second phase of Vitruvian West with our partner MetLife, and we continue to assess other new development opportunities, but remain disciplined in our underwriting. Over the next several years, our view is that our pipeline will stabilize in the $400 million to $600 million range, a level well below where we have been much of the cycle, assuming targeted spreads hold. This is supported by our overall views of the macro and real estate cycles, the opportunities at our disposal, our cost of capital and our three year liquidity profile. Moving on, our Developer Capital Program investment inclusive of accrued preferred return, stood at $213 million at quarter end. Thus far in the second quarter, we have closed one new commitment, Modera Lake Merritt located in Oakland, California. This transaction represents an approximately $27 million commitment, with a yield in the high single digits and a profit participation. After closing Modera, we have approximately $100 million of additional capacity that we can choose to deploy if opportunities present themselves. Big picture, we have a variety of capital sources and uses with competition taking place within each bucket. We will remain flexible with our deployment and we'll continue to pivot to take advantage of the best risk adjusted return available, as long as opportunities meet our hurdles, it can be accretively funded. Next, balance sheet. At quarter end, our liquidity, as measured by cash and credit facility capacity net of the commercial paper balance, was $1 billion. Our consolidated financial leverage was 30.6% on undepreciated book value. 20.4% on enterprise value, and 24.6% inclusive of joint ventures. Our consolidated net debt to EBITDAre was 5.3 times and inclusive of joint ventures was 5.8 times. We remain comfortable with our credit metrics and don't plan to actively lever up or down from average 2018 levels. With that, I'll open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Nick Joseph of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: You've become more active on external growth, what gives you the confidence to accelerate it at this point and how do you balance using your current cost of capital in the market signal to growth, versus being pretty far into the business cycle?
Joe Fisher: Nick, it's Joe. So in terms of activity, it's probably good to break it into a couple different buckets, because some of this is pretty long lived activity that's been on the works for a while. So the two options we talked about last quarter, we’re really a byproduct of 2015 loss JV. So those were not necessarily representative of us being aggressive for time and cycle or more active. It is simply we had assets that we could buy below fair market value. Same with kind of the land prices or land deals that we did, those were both one year and three years in the making. I think all the new activity though that we're talking about, the New York deal, Tampa, Baltimore, and Philly, really just a byproduct of where our cost to capital has been. So when we raise capital back in December, at a premium to NAV, and again during the first quarter at a premium to NAV, we really tried to size that to be commensurate with the uses that we had out there, with the goal of making sure that we had minimal near-term dilution and then of course added to longer-term accretion. So I think what you're seeing is $0.5 billion of equity raised thus for our premiums, which has translated into about extra 0.5% growth when you get out to 2020 and beyond. So I think pretty good value creation coming off that. In terms of going forward, what would cause us to do more activity. We continue to have a variety of uses going down the stack from acquisitions to redevelopments, DCP, development et cetera, as well as variety of sources, be it equity, dispositions, free cash flow. So we're going to continue to monitor those look at the opportunities in front of us. Can we drive more accretion, better long-term growth and better IRRs for investors. If so we'll look to be - continue to be active.
Nick Joseph: And other then the cost of capital, what other signals are you going to focus on, before committing to more projects?
Joe Fisher: In terms of other signals that we're looking for, we want to make sure that from a risk standpoint, don't take on additional risk on to the enterprise. As you said, where we're at in the cycle doesn't seem prudent to add risk. So balance sheet wise, going to continue to maintain leverage metrics in line with 2018, sources and uses line capacity through your liquidity, continue to make sure that any activity that we do, do, does not violate any of the principles that we have on that side. Match funding I think we've done a very good job of making sure that we are lining up the uses with the sources in an appropriate amount of time. We do take on a little bit of dilution, freezing that equity right before we deploy. But we do make sure that we've got a pretty good line of sight into those assets that we're deploying into on the acquisition side. I mean and go into contract working for due diligence and a pretty good visibility on closing. So we're going to continue to kind of maintain those couple principles. So, if we're fortunate to have a cost of capital or fortunate to find uses of that capital continue to be active.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower, Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: Joe, I want to - I guess I appreciate that given where we are in the calendar, revisions to guidance were not in the cards even after the very solid print last night. But maybe to the extent possible I guess within that parameter. Can you help us understand the FFO walk from what happened in the first quarter, relative to same-store plus the acquisition volume that obviously increased pretty tremendously versus prior guidance, and then maybe the subtractive effect of the ATM shares, just from a modeling perspective?
Joe Fisher: Yes for sure, so from a same-store standpoint, I think you heard Jerry say, things are coming in very nicely, very positive on where we're at. We effectively are saying that it would be very difficult given what we see today, to come in at the low end for the full year. So I think it's fair to say that, that came in a little bit better than expected on the operations side. In terms of the accretion dilution, we did take on slight dilution from the additional ATM activity. We talked last quarter about the $300 million raise that we had and that cost us roughly - a little bit less than a penny on the full year. Majority of that you kind of felt in the first quarter and then the extra $192 million that we raised throughout the quarter, we didn't really start deploying that until subsequent to quarter-end with the Baltimore acquisition and the pending Philadelphia acquisition. So, we did take on a little bit more dilution, but it's not really more than a couple tens in the quarter from the additional ATM issuance.
Rich Hightower: And then maybe secondly here, just with respect to the DCP program. Can you describe the competition you guys are seeing maybe from whether it's other REITs or non-bank lenders for the paper that you're buying in that program. Just what that landscape looks like?
Jerry Davis: Sure, this is Jerry. I mean as we know we've been doing this for five plus years. There continues to be demand for this product, which is good. It's a product - it's an asset that we like from an investment standpoint. I think I mean you seen some other region who they are as it certainly has an active program. I think a majority of our competition is either from private funds and there are several of them out there. The large PE firms are also very active, and they all have their sort of different take on this activity. But the amount of capital chasing these deals has certainly increased over the last three or four years. But still has the demand, given the sort of relative reduction in construction financing proceeds and that type of thing.
Rich Hightower: Yes, thank you.
Joe Fisher: Hi Rich.
Rich Hightower: Yes.
Joe Fisher: Rich may be just one other thing. I think it is important to point out the unique attributes of the program relative to maybe some of those other mezz funds, debt funds et cetera that are really focused more on straight coupon. I think one of the things that we do well is, amending what we require and we're kind of working with the equity partner to try to figure out what it is that they need. So you see a lot of these deals that have either options related to the Wolff deals, which we still have one of those in place, as well as our backend participation. So when you look at our capital exposed to DCP today, we have about 60% of our capital as backend participation, which - the goal here is to get outsized IRRs. Get access to the real estate that we want to own, and by having that participation, it helps mitigate the residual earnings that may come off if we don't ultimately reinvest that into a similar type of investment. So I do think our product is a little bit unique relative to competition out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Trent Trujillo, Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Trent Trujillo: So you've spoken about expanding your New York footprint and you took a step forward that by acquiring Leonard Pointe. And I'm just curious with pending changes to legislation in New York, are there any additional opportunities you're seeing on the transaction market?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. I think Joe could talk a little bit about legislation. I think at this point, you saw we acquired Leonard Pointe in Brooklyn. I think at this point, there are opportunities out there. Our general preference is to take a wait and see approach to see how the legislation plays out next month, before committing additional capital to that market.
Trent Trujillo: And I guess, following up on that from a bigger picture perspective, there are some rent control and proposed affordability measures, not just in New York but in various markets across the country. So how is that influencing your thought process for potential development to acquisitions and I guess more broadly, capital allocation decisions?
Joe Fisher: Trent, it's Joe. Yeah I think on the positive, we are seeing a lot of good discussions taking place amongst all constituents out there in the market. We're not going to go through and speculate out any of these individual kind of evolving situations play out. But we do continue to believe that the long-term solution here to affordable workforce housing is of course not going to be restrictions on rent growth or economics to the owners, which would most likely result and less capital invested and less supply. So hopefully, we do get to a point where you see more upzoning, more densification, less red tape and more programs kind of like the 421 program in New York. I think one of the best parts about the strategy overall, is of course diversification. So while we do have exposure to some of these markets, and states that we're talking about. We do have 20 different markets. We got diversified submarket exposures, price point exposures. So that is one of the better parts, that allows us to kind of pick and choose or source capital from certain locations and use capital in certain locations, because this does play into how we think about capital allocation at the end of the day. We've talked a lot about our predictive analytics platform in the past, but again that's a quantitative based approach. That is one factor into our process, if you will, but we do spend a lot of time thinking about rent control and other qualitative factors, when we're trying to decide how to allocate that capital. So we are thinking about it and it continues to evolve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt, KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Just curious how you guys would characterize the depth of the acquisition pipeline you have today, and as well as, just competition for deals. And then how should we think about your willingness to use the ATM program moving forward as a funding mechanism, versus maybe the traditional overnight that you did last December, as you look to fund potential new investments?
Joe Fisher: So I'll kick it on kind of ATM overnight sources of capital piece and then I kick it over to Harry to talk about transaction market. Yeah, I kind of broached there earlier in terms of the diversified sources of capital and how we're thinking about ATM or overnight, equity relative to dispositions. I think when it comes down to the overnight versus ATM discussion, I think if you go back to what we did the last couple of quarters, we did factor in or did take on a little bit of dilution with the large overnight deal of $300 million back in December. And at that point in time, we kind said, we don't want to put more dilution onto the investor base in 2019. So by utilizing an ATM in first quarter, we think we minimized the impact of dilution and still set ourselves up well for accretion on a go-forward basis. So I think if we have appropriate amount of lined up accretive uses and the timing works, you could always consider an overnight. But I'd say ATM at this point would be a preferred use, if the pricing is there and the uses are there.
Harry Alcock: In terms of looking at acquisitions, we do have a diversified portfolio. We are looking to deploy capital in several different markets that you've seen us thus far this year deploy capital in, in Baltimore, in Philadelphia, in New York, in Orange County, in Seattle. So that that does create of fairly broad sort of acquisition template. In terms of competition, it really depends on the deals and I could tell you the deals that that you've seen us transact either the situations like the New York deal we have, we did a direct deal where we didn't have sort of a traditionally competitive situation. Many of these other acquisitions that we've looked at, have been in markets that perhaps aren't - haven't been chased as heavily by sort of the traditional, national capital sources. So we're competing with the more regional type groups, which gives us a very strong competitive advantage.
Austin Wurschmidt: Just switching maybe then to Philly and the success you had there with the acquisition in suburban Philadelphia. Curious what you consider to be kind of a scalable level in that market, and is there a preference today for suburban versus urban and what's kind of the backlog there on either the acquisition or development side, more near-term?
Joe Fisher: Yes, in terms of trying to get to scale, there is a scaled number that over time we would like to reach. We have a half asset and the pending asset plus the DCP deal that we hope to get access to in the future or at least participation on. So that's clearly not at scale. But I think the economics that we're getting on each one of these deals, outweighs that lack of efficiency that exists today. So we're going to continue to be prudent. Like we said, on a predictive analytics model and a lot of other qualitative factors, we like Philly. So we are going to want to try to increase exposure there, that could come in the form of acquisitions, development or DCP. But we're going to be prudent in terms of timing. We're not going to set a target and then just rush to get there. So I think we'll be patient on that front.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Babin, Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Babin: Question for Jerry, on the leasing spread out performance year-over-year, it was about 60 bps and last quarter was closer to 100. A quarter before that, back at 60. I guess you've heard that pretty healthy year-over-year second derivative improvement, I guess implied by the midpoint of full year revenue guidance; sort of are we still going to be seeing that year-over-year improvement in blended leasing spreads in the third quarter and fourth quarter in your opinion, and if so, what might that margin look like?
Jerry Davis: Yes Drew, I think it's going to be very similar to what it was this quarter, it may expand a bit. But we are looking at that 50 to 70 basis point increase. One thing to factor in, we'll get a little bit of contribution from our smart home roll-out. We're going to have probably between 15,000 and 18,000 smart homes in place by the end of the summer. So as those roll in, increases - rent increases of $20 to $25, it should help elevate that spread a bit. But we're still seeing continued growth to the positive, both on the new - especially on the renewal side, when you look at renewals this past quarter, they came in at 5.2%. As we look into the second quarter, it's up into the mid-5% sourcing and strength there, and it's pretty prevalent throughout the entire portfolio. So things are still good today, as we look into the prime leasing season.
Drew Babin: And then on New York and Boston, I just wanted to touch on something, it looks like year-over-year revenue growth actually slowed a little bit sequentially in those markets, with your peers kind of reporting the opposite. Obviously, especially in New York for the smaller portfolio. A lot of things could be going on there. But I was curious whether the removal of the redevelopment properties in both of those markets might have created some noise there, or kind of what else might be going on, that might be influencing revenue growth in the short term?
Jerry Davis: You know in Boston, I think it was probably a little bit pulling Garrison Square out. The South Shore though, where we have probably a third of our same-store pool, has only grown at about 2%. So it has slowed a bit due to supply issues. Our deal in the Seaport is popping at about 5% and our North Shore assets are coming in at 5%. So pretty good strength, although this is a market that we see occasional fluctuations in contribution from other income, that can make growth rates quarter-to-quarter go up and down a bit. But Boston does feel good right now. New York City, you're right, we came in at 0.5% growth, which was pretty close to what we were expecting, pulling out of 10 Hanover affected a bit, but the bigger issue was probably - last year we had quite a bit of a larger contribution from other income and not quite as much this quarter. And secondly, you're absolutely right. When you only have three assets in the same-store pool, if one submarket is sluggish it can bring down the entire portfolio. The sluggish submarket for us this quarter was our Murray Hill Asset Q34, it had revenue growth of negative 0.4%. When you compare to the other two same store assets, our 95 Wall deal in the Financial District was just under 1%, and our deal up in Chelsea was almost 3%. So I think low sample size probably the biggest factor here.
Drew Babin: And just one last one on the King of Prussia acquisition, Rodgers Forge, it looks like the occupancy is 91%. But the renovation that occurred is - I think almost about 10 years ago and so, obviously you'd want to get occupancy up there. Kind of what's the opportunity there, is it under management, is it capital, what is that kind of full potential - how does the full potential of that asset kind of come together over the next year or two?
Jerry Davis: Drew, you named two of them, it does need some capital infusion. We will be spending several million dollars there to improve the curb appeal, mostly. Unit interiors in decent shape, but there can be some improvement there. There is also some amenities that we plan to add to the community. But I think there's a capital infusion that will enhance the yield. I think as far as the management of the property, we obviously feel like we have the best platform in the sector, and we do see opportunities, whether it be on pricing, on how we do lease expirations, just the entirety of running the property, we see a lot of benefits. But you know, what we really liked about this deal, and it's something you can't change is the location. It was in a great neighborhood with top schools. So we do expect to be able to derive benefit that product should have been getting, given its location.
Joe Fisher: Drew maybe just one other thing to give you there. I'm not going to go into the specific economics on that Baltimore deal. But I think it is important to think about what the economics are from all the capital activity we're doing here. So we talked previously about those two option assets, $130 million of capital we expended. That was a blended FFO cap rate of about 5-3. When you look at these four other one-off acquisitions that we've done for about $430 million, the year one FFO yields in the high 4s, and by year two, it's going into the mid 5s. So whether it's the Rodgers Forge deal and the operational upside we see there. Park Square has a lease-up upside and then Peridot in New York, both have operational upside in our eyes. So we are getting about a 10% year-over-year growth by year two off of these acquisitions that we're putting capital into. So I think the economic story to go along with operational store Jerry is talking about springs pretty well for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Joe, you quoted on your acquisitions and FFO yield in the high fours. I was wondering if you could provide NOI cap rate? And also this FFO yield is tighter than what you acquired in the fourth quarter, I'm just wondering if you are seeing cap rate compression in your markets?
Joe Fisher: So just in terms of the FFO yield, its basically a pre-management fee CapEx number. If you go to kind of market convention with management fee and got $250 million, $300 million of CapEx, you're down to about a 4.7% type number. So I will call it 20-25 basis points to go to what's traditionally known as a market cap rate.
Harry Alcock: The second part of the question, this is Harry, in terms of cap rate compression. We're not - it does point, there continues to be a lot of capital, as we know that they chase multifamily deals, transaction volume in the first quarter was relatively similar to last year, down slightly, but it continues to be fairly robust. But we're not seeing a cap rate compression. Cap rates continue to be a very similar to what they've been in the past.
John Kim: And then on your development spending guidance for the year of $100 million to $150 million. For the remainder of the year, do you expect to have development starts or just positional land acquisition part of that?
Harry Alcock: Well, you saw we just started one project in Dallas. So that gets us to the low end of the guidance. In addition to finishing up our other development and redevelopment projects to get to the high end of the guidance would require either the Denver acquisition and/or the, the DC acquisition to start construction, sometime this year, which we expect to occur.
John Kim: And just to clarify, redevelopment is a separate bucket to that, right?
Harry Alcock: Right.
Joe Fisher: That is correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Spector: Just one big picture question on the record low turnovers. I get a lot of questions on this, what has happened over the years, why tenants are staying longer, is this temporary? Do you think this is more of a permanent shift change? How are you guys thinking about this?
Harry Alcock: Yes. This is Harry. And as you saw, our turnover was down 110 basis points, I'd remind you because of our short-term furnished rental program, if you back the effect of that out of both periods, it would have been 170. So it's even a little better than it comes out in print. I think it's a couple of things. I think it has something to do with demographics. I think it also has something to do with leasing strategies that new supply has put out there, and you know, when you have rational pricing and we've said this before, one month free on a lease-up. It typically doesn't draw outsized move-outs to competition. And I think in most of our markets, you're seeing lease-up concession levels between probably half a month and a month. So has kept it in line. When we look at move-outs to home purchase; for us, it actually got down to the lowest level I've seen, probably in the last four to five years, at about 10%. But I think you're just finding an environment demographically, and with the - all of the housing supply, whether it's multifamily or single family that's coming out there, that it's not drawing people out to move.
Jeff Spector: And then…
Tom Toomey: Jeff, I might add, this is Toomey. You know what's interesting to me having gone at this for 30 plus years, is the product we put up today. The amenities that we offer and the service level we offer. That you find a lot of people looking at it and saying, that's better than the home they could buy or maintain, and it gives them the time. And I think we're all in a race for time and what we want to do with it. And so, to me, it seems like a long-term permanent inflection point has been reached, and as I talk to my children, they look at it and say homeownership, why? That's just more work I've got to put in on that, taking away from travel and all of the other things I want to do in life. So I am not sure that we can look in the past and say that these are levels that may even go lower, in my view, as it relates to turnover and length of stay. And you can see it in our numbers, where an average resident is staying with us 27 months, and average age is 38. So it's probably more of the housing stock permanent nature.
Jeff Spector: That's very helpful. And then if I could also ask on the stronger demand, peak leasing season has started. I believe the Gen-Z generation is now starting to graduate college, they are 22. Anything you could discuss at this point about that renter? Are you seeing them enter the pool? Is it normal timeframe, like you've seen other college grads, any particular cities, that has been of focus?
Jerry Davis: I wouldn't say there's anything significantly different between them and the millennials are just a few years older, I think. They are still showing a preference going towards some of these gateway cities or some of the sunbelt cities that have, a cool effect of not just good job growth, but activities they can do outside of work. But no, I haven't seen anything large that's changed over the last couple of years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Anderson with SMBC Nikko. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Anderson: Say that slowly. So a lot of the conversation on this call has been a lot about redeploying equity proceeds in external growth, all interesting. But somewhat a contradiction to a view of late cycle and, perhaps not the type of experience you would have, if you were thinking about what might happen in a slowdown scenario. So I'm curious if you think the outperformance that perhaps you - or the change in guidance you'll perhaps report on next quarter, will be more focused on - I am not saying you are going to do that, but let's just presume you will, will be more a function of external growth or internal growth? because it seems like there is mixed signals here, in the sense that a lot of external activity late cycle?
Joe Fisher: Rich the signal we are trying to send on the external growth front, is not one that is necessarily next six months or 12 months accretive. We think it's relatively neutral, over the first year or so. And then we think, by the time we get to 2020, is really where we add, call it a 5% to our perpetual growth rate because of that, and then hopefully additional growth above and beyond that, as we continue to get some of that operational upside and market outperformance that we expect through the predictive analytics platform. In terms of the cycle location, I just come back to, what have we done? We've reduced our development pipeline from where it's been most of the cycle, improved our - to the best location it has been ever. And from a DCP standpoint, we've been very prudent, very patient to blend that capital. So brings you back to the external activity that we do have, which is very much match funded with equity on a leverage neutral basis. So if we do see a downturn, and the cap rates go up or NOIs come down, that would happen for that cost to capital either way. So we're matching up kind of economic views. But going out and getting more accretion and better relative growth on the investments we're putting it into, versus where we are sourcing it from. So I don't think it's necessarily us opining on cycle location and taking risk late in the cycle. I think we're doing a pretty prudent job of match funding it, as best we can.
Rich Anderson: That's fair.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. Just to add to it. I mean I think Joe said it absolutely right, which is we are not trying to call it a point in the cycle. That's the glass half full, half empty argument. We've got very good fundamentals on the ground, and a good cost of capital and a variety of ways to deploy capital to grow the enterprise and strengthen it. So I think the match funding aspect is prudent at this point, whether you think it's half full or half empty, with respect to the cycle. And then we look at the fundamentals on the ground, and the things that could disrupt that are obviously employment or supply. And both of them seem to be in our favor right now, and there is enough transparency around information, that if one of them or both of them were to go positive or negative, we might take a different posture. But right now we are - simply raise the capital for deals that we know, pencil and do well, and we [indiscernible] our operating platform, we can create value. So that's our posture.
Rich Anderson: So, like given perhaps a year from now or six months from now, maybe the focal point will be less on the cluster of external activity that you're doing, and more on the opportunity set within the company. Is that a fair statement?
Tom Toomey: No, I don't agree with that. I think the first opportunity is always the operating platform and expansion of margin. That is our cheapest dollar invested and greatest return and Jerry can walk you through that. Second is the external aspect of the organization, in where we deploy capital. But the thing that's going to move our dial for the years ahead, will be the margin expansion in the platform.
Rich Anderson: And then second question, talking a little bit about the same-store pool and different generations, what about, the kind of the reentry of the baby boomers into the rental pool? I assume that's happening more and more these days. At what point does the same-store pool become an adult swim, I guess?
Jerry Davis: We haven't seen the average age of our residents overall change materially. It's still at about 38 years old. I do think when you look at some of our high-end product, especially the larger floor plans in our urban locations, those do tend to be baby boomers that are selling the big house in the suburbs and want to come urban. So I think we have product that accommodates all age groups, and we try to cater to all of those. So I do think we are going to continue to see the boomer generation be a demand source for us. And it's not just going to be based on job growth that drives occupancy and rent growth, I think you're going to see this entry of boomers continue to play an even greater part in the near future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson, JMS. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Stevenson: Can you talk a little bit more in terms of the scope of the 10 Hanover and Garrison Square redevelopments? $55,000 per unit seems a little pricey for just kitchen and bath upgrades, and can you also talk about what returns you guys are looking at there?
Jerry Davis: Yes, I'll start and Harry can jump in if I leave anything out. We are doing full interior renovations, as you described. Those are probably more in the - I'd say $25,000 to $30,000 a door level. When you get to 10 Hanover, again, I'd remind you that property was converted from an office to apartments I think in 2005. So it's about 14 to 15 years old. We're rightsizing a lot of the major systems, which were still set up for office use. We're resealing and doing some things with the entry plaza level, which I had some issues, we're redoing the lobby area, as well as some of the amenities. So it's not just interior units, it's all of those things to finish it off. It has got a 8% to 9% cash-on-cash return on that deal. So you're going to see rents at that property go up somewhere between $300 and $350, above whatever mark it would go. And we would expect this entire process, because it's 493 units, to take probably 15 to 18 months. We've completed about 11 units to date, and so far things are going well. Garrison Square is 160-unit property in the Back Bay. That property is -, I think it's about 20 years old, 25 years old. Had a whole lot of work done on the unit interior, so they are very dated. It's in a killer location, the Back Bay, but the unit interiors were sparse. So those are getting a full upgrade. In addition, we had an adjacent building that we had bought a few years ago, where we are going to add amenities, it was basically an amenity-less building. So we're going to add a fitness center, a small club house and a leasing office, because we have been leasing out of unit. That property, again, we expect to get about 8% to 9% cash on cash, and if the rents are going up somewhere in the $400 to $450 range.
Rob Stevenson: And then…
Jerry Davis: Sorry we're also - we do have some other deferred maintenance if you will. We are replacing all the windows and doing a few other things to the exterior.
Rob Stevenson: And then has anything changed in terms of Airbnb and the other rental programs in terms of the - the positive or negative takeaways from you guys and your residents from having people renting units next door to them?
Jerry Davis: No. I mean we still don't - our leases don't allow for Airbnb. So I mean, I'm sure they get in there sometimes. But we don't participate with Airbnb, we do continue to have an active short term furnished program for leases over 30 days, the average term is much longer and we've talked about it on calls for the last year and a half. I can tell you, that that program continues to grow, and in the first quarter, it was up another over - well over 100%. So when you look at the contribution to our revenue stream, it continues to come in heavy from other income, which is - a lot of it is parking, which grew at 21% this quarter. Short term furnished grew over 100%. We started leasing out our common area spaces to non-residents through an external platform, that, while it's small is up about 150%, and then the fee income we realized from our package lockers is up almost 90%. So other income grew at about 12.7% during the quarter, which honestly was a bit of a positive surprise. We expect it to moderate down throughout the year and probably have high single digits for the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb, Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just some quick questions. First on New York, I think most of your portfolio is actually sort of on the newer side despite some of the older buildings. But can you just go over sort of what percent of your New York, Brooklyn, portfolio is either subject to some sort of 421A or 1974 vintage rent stabilization?
Joe Fisher: Alex, it's Joe. So I think last quarter maybe we gave a couple of details on that. Market rate units for us on a pro rata ownership basis, inclusive of Columbus and inclusive of the new acquisition of Leonard. We're about 80% market rate with the other 20% being rent stabilized.
Alexander Goldfarb: And then…
Harry Alcock: 374, yes.
Jerry Davis: There we go.
Alexander Goldfarb: So then the 20% of the mix [indiscernible], the legal cap and the preferential rents. Okay. And then on the recent energy initiative that was passed, how do you guys think your portfolio stands versus the 2024 mandate, and then that the jump up in 2029?
Joe Fisher: Alex, it's Joe. It's pretty early at this point. Our operations team and asset quality teams have been working together and kind of doing preliminary assessment. But it looks like at this point, relative to the '24 target, majority of our assets are already in compliance. So we'll continue to take a look at it and figure out what we need to do to be in compliance 100%, as well as look out to 2030 and figure out what the capital plan is to get there. But at this point, it looks like we're pretty much already there, given previous activity that we've had.
Alexander Goldfarb: Then just a final thing, on Vitruvian, you guys have owned this asset a long time, and I remember - and I'll confess, I haven't been there in a number of years. But a while back, it was sort of - there was a lot to do there. There was a lot of surrounding supply and maybe that area hadn't come around yet to warrant more investment. But clearly you guys are starting, so some things have changed. Can you just update on where this submarket stands now, versus where it was a number of years ago? Like when you had your NAREIT event there in Dallas, that was like, maybe four or five years ago?
Tom Toomey: Alex, this is Toomey. On Vitruvian, I'd characterize as this. When we build product on the first couple of phases, I think our oversight there or miss might have been the realization that the Uptown was getting a heavy dose of supply and capped our potential. And so we pivoted in the next couple of phases to a more of a moderate price, and you saw it in this last phase where we are leasing 90 units a month. And so as we contemplate going forward, we'll look at the marketplace and see where we think the right price point fits and still very anxious about what the outcomes will be. So we'll be more prudent about it going forward, but the next phase is right at that last - exactly a replica of the last, and we hope it enjoys the same 90 units a month kind of lease-up phase. So I think long term, great asset, great submarket. The city is still thriving aspect of restaurants and nightlife, and that's where our residents want to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Hardik Goel with Zelman & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Hardik Goel: In terms of just Southern California overall and your portfolio in particular, you noted that Orange County was slightly weaker. What is your outlook going ahead for that market? Some of your peers have highlighted it being a little weaker, just curious what you guys think?
Jerry Davis: Yes, we would agree. Orange County has had slower job growth. It is projected to pick up a little bit. We'll see how strong that comes in. The other thing that affected us in the first quarter was extreme rain events, kept traffic down. So we had depressed numbers there. It's probably the one market, I would tell you, that we're missing, versus our plan this year. But you know, we'd like the market long-term, but I think it's going to be a struggle this year. When you get up to LA, we had 5% revenue growth. We feel much better about LA with the tech jobs that are coming. Our same-store pool there is not located downtown, where most of the new supply is coming, it's over in Marina Del Ray. So we're close to well-paying jobs, and there is limited supply coming in there.
Hardik Goel: And just as a quick follow-up on your largest market, I guess on DC, do you think there is potential maybe just looking beyond '19 even, that DC could see a meaningful acceleration in revenue growth, even if the supply kind of trajectory remains where it is, or just your outlook on DC just a little longer term?
Jerry Davis: I think DC is going to continue to have supply issues. Obviously you have Amazon coming in and other tech jobs. So on the job front, it's going to be good. But you still got supply issues hitting, especially in the district that I think will keep some part of a cap on the ability for revenues to grow significantly higher than the national average.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I'd add on long-term DC. The one thing that always strikes me when you look at it over a long horizon, is it has one job engine that nothing else can be recreated, and that's called the Federal Government. And that doesn't appear to be on the horizon to be gained shrinking anytime soon. So it's got a natural engine to it, and it will have supply windows. But I'm confident that the government is going to continue to grow in size and scope.
Operator: Our next question comes from Wes Golladay, RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Wes Golladay: Quick question on capital allocation. I know it's hard to predict acquisitions, but maybe for some of the long lead time projects, developments and redevelopment, how should we look at the mix of capital going into those buckets going forward? Looks like there is a nice even mix to begin the year?
Jerry Davis: I'd expect more of the same I think. One of the things we continue to try to do, is pivot to the opportunity that exists in front of us. So whether it's the DCP, the development acquisitions, or redev or some of the smart homes and platform spend. Going to continue to pivot based off the opportunities that have come along. So you saw a couple of those land parcels in first quarter that were very long lead time. The Group continues to look at other land opportunities, as well as densification opportunities within the existing portfolio. So hopefully sometime in the next 12, 24 months, we will have more to speak to there. So we do have the desire to ramp that up. But obviously, up to independent, so we may never get there. So just sit back and we'll try to pivot where we can and create some value.
Wes Golladay: And then on densification, is that more your assets or are you actually looking at retail densification projects?
Jerry Davis: I think we've talked a little bit about our own densification opportunities that we've been looking at. We're looking at one larger scale opportunity in DC that we're still going through kind of process there trying to figure out if we can make sense of the cost and the returns. We've talked about utilizing vacant land or underutilized land within our portfolio, as well as going after parking garage spaces. We have - and especially in San Francisco, parking garages that are over parked and we have a pretty high degree of vacancy in those parking lots and so trying to figure out how to put additional units there, that both help us from an economic and densification standpoint, as well as help the city with more affordable housing, given the size and price points of those. So I think you'll see more of that. Then on the retail side, I think from that standpoint, it is a piece of the industry that continues to recalibrate and we continue to look at with any deal, any standard development or land parcel. It's going to be dependent on sub-market, the real estate, the risk and the economics. So we're looking at it as we look at all things, but that's kind of where we're at.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pawlowski, Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Just one question from me, you're Sunbelt exposure has been a nice hedge versus your coastal peers. The last, call it three to five years. Staring out over the next three to five years, would you underwrite higher lower revenue growth across your Sunbelt markets versus the coast?
Joe Fisher: John its Joe. I think one of the things we talked about before. Scott predictive analytics and the ability to potentially tilt us kind of tilt the rent growth forecast in our favor. To the extent that we're following that, as well as thinking about qualitative, you can’t see where we think rank is going to do well going forward. So where we're deploying capital Tampa, as an example of that down in the Sunbelt. But most of our other capital deployments coming up in New York, Boston Vitruvian, Baltimore, Philly. So some of these, under loved markets that have not done as well of late, we think are set up to probably come back here over the next three to five years.
Tom Toomey: John, this is Toomey. I'd add that not just the market diversification has helped us but also the product price point diversification has helped us and it's a credit to Jerry and his team to produce sector-leading operating results on that portfolio. But for us, I think it's always been try to have enough markets to always be looking at opportunities, recognizing the cycles move and change and having diversification and price point. So that in any market we can look at it and say it's an A or B opportunity. Let's go after that so it's playing out very well for us and I would see us continuing in the future to hold that same template of diversification across markets and price point products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste, Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: So Tom specifically on the point on that question, John just asked I'm curious. And again I think earlier in the call, you had made the point that you're not trying to call any point in the cycle here but I'm curious on your thoughts on possibly expanding your B-quality exposure your B certainly turned out in Form A's late in the cycle. And there is no doubt we are leader in the cycle. So I'm curious what your thoughts are on growing that exposure and then any color you can provide on how the demand, and that's how the market looks like, what the cap rate spread between A's and B's is that interesting enough for you as well?
Tom Toomey: I'll let Harry speak with respect to cap rate compression in spreads, but from our perspective, I don't think we have a tilt towards A or B. We tend to end up looking at a particular market and a community and you saw it in the case of Baltimore, a solid B, but in Tampa, we saw the opportunities in A and so we want to take a unique and underwrite one opportunity at a time, it would be cognizant of the overall balance to the portfolio. So it's not this perfect, if you will, platform of we're going to be 50-50 or we're going to take them one opportunity at a time and try to balance where we think the best risk adjusted returns are going to come out. Cap rates?
Harry Alcock: Yes, well, I think, Tom, got a right that were, I would say relatively agnostic about A versus B on the investment side, we look at each opportunity and underwrite it on its own merits, whether it would be Baltimore where we have CapEx and operational upside, whether it be Tampa, where we have operational synergies. Given that we have other properties in the sub-market. Whether it would be Brooklyn, where we have a clear operational upside call it an A minus B plus type asset, whether it be Philadelphia where it's been A minus type asset, we like price point and we're trying to grow scale and operational efficiency in that market. So each individual investment we assess in the context of its of its own merits.
Haendel St. Juste: Jerry, one for you here, just wanted to go back to out the question on Addison. I am curious, so why you think now is the right time to start the new phase of the project there giving lingering supply and in uptown in the adjacent markets. And then, curious what type of higher growth you guys think you can achieve there and any color you can provide on the current level of concessions in that submarket currently?
Jerry Davis: Yeah, I'll start then Harry can talk on the investment side, but I guess one thing that a lot of confidence as we built the first phase to this three phase profit last year 300 units, six months. Rent levels are about a bucket but smallish units growth. So, and I think when you look at the product that we're putting up, which is a step down from what we have done in our first three phases and some [indiscernible]. I think we've hit the right price point. They don't compete against the new supply and uptown. So I think we've found a product that works right now and again we've got a minute building that we had built previously to service about 1,000 units. So adding the unit count, not having to stack on all the amenities, makes it a more efficient product.
Harry Alcock: Yes. And just to in terms of yields. The first phase as Jerry mentioned leased up extraordinarily well. We continue to raise rents throughout the six-month lease-up process. We released 383 units in six months and we continue to increase rents and we're starting to eliminate concessions so that one's going to stabilize in sort of the high sixes. From a return standpoint, the phase we just started is really a Phase II. It will share the amenity building, that's going to be some operational efficiencies. We expect to achieve kind of a low to mid six type return on that asset. We actually built a similar price point, but we actually went slightly smaller average unit size. So we've actually further reduced the average nominal rented that the Phase II project, which we're optimistic you well received by the market.
Haendel St. Juste: And then one last quick one. I'm not sure if I missed it, but did you guys provide any update on the April trends in terms of occupancy and lease rate?
Harry Alcock: No, April occupancy though it's right in that 968, 969 level where tended to run for the last year. And when you look at new lease rates in April is 27. That's up from the one bond that we had during the first quarter. Renewals are coming in at 5.6 and that compares, I think to 5.2that we had in the first quarter. So you're seeing that normal seasonal progression. I think the one changes, I think we are very pleased with where renewables are coming in right leasing to stay relatively flat. They were the fours and low fives last year and we're seeing them perk up-to-mid fives right now.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to hand the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey, for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Thank you and thanks all of you for your time and interest in UDR today. And again, I want to thank all of our team for a great quarter. As we head in the leasing season. I think we're well positioned and we're going to put up some good results. As you can tell, we're taking advantage of what I consider a very good economy and certainly robust apartment fundamentals with a wide range of match funding capital deployment. And I think that path continues going forward as the opportunity sets continuing to underwrite to good returns. As we look towards the future though, we're really excited about the implementation of the next generation of the operations platform, and again the goal there is to create an increased margin off of our existing communities and those that we will build and acquire in the future, and also it's in response to our residents and the way they want to do business in the future, and we're excited about the implementation of it and the progress we're making and hats go off to Jerry and the team for the work they're doing there. And lastly, we look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT next month. And with that, take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the UDR’s Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President, Chris Van Ens. Thank you, Mr. Van Ens. You may begin.
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to UDR’s quarterly financial results conference call. Our press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. Moving to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to UDR’s Chairman and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris and welcome to UDR’s fourth quarter 2018 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, President and Chief Operating Officer and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officer, Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. The five topics I will cover today include a short recap of 2018; our high level 2019 macro outlook; UDR’s 2019 strategy; capital deployment opportunities; and the senior executive promotions announced early in January. First, we again produced strong results across all aspects of our business during the quarter and for the full year. Like many REITs, our stock took a wild ride in 2018, but macroeconomic forces remained supportive of apartment fundamentals and our best-in-class operations, diversified portfolio and disciplined capital allocation allowed us to take advantage. We produced sector-leading top line growth, twice raised same-store and earnings guidance ranges and finished the year at the top end of our FFO adjusted per share range. I would personally like to thank all of our associates for a great 2018. Second, from a high level perspective, we expect 2019 to be relatively similar to 2018, that is solid economics, demographics and fundamental backdrop, accompanied by bouts of share price volatility throughout the year. UDR tends to perform well in this type of environment. In 2019, we again expect to be near the top of the group in same-store growth with better flow-through to the bottom line as our large developments move towards stabilization and we take advantage of embedded opportunities like the option asset purchases completed subsequent to year end. Should we encounter a different 2019 economic environment, I am confident that UDR is setup well for success on a relative basis. Third, we do not anticipate any meaningful changes to our overall strategy in 2019. In 2018, we set forth two key areas that would enhance UDR’s cash flow growth in the years ahead, being the next iteration of our operating platform and capital allocation that will increasingly be influenced by predictive analytics. In both, we see the adoption of technology as a disruptive and driving factor. Historically, we have benefited from a number of technology driven initiatives and as a result have fostered a culture that embraces these advances. This is an advantage we will continue to grow moving forward. Next, we have a wide variety of capital sources and uses available to us, but we will continue to be disciplined in our deployment. Internally sourced investment opportunities include fixed-price options on recently developed assets, redevelopment, densification of our communities, legacy land utilization, revenue-enhancing CapEx and investing in our operating platform, externally sourced opportunities include development, DCP and acquisitions. Year-to-date 2019, we have invested in a variety of these opportunities, showcasing the flexibility of our capital allocation strategy as potential uses continue to compete for capital based on risk-adjusted returns and expected accretions. Lastly, developing talent remains a top priority for myself and the rest of the senior leadership team. The senior executive promotions we announced in January are part of a process that has been ongoing for a number of years. Jerry, Andrew, Mike, Matt, Bob and Dave are all deserving of the recognition they have earned, as are all the other UDR associates that have moved up in the ranks. On a side note, Jerry’s promotion to president is not a signal that he is stepping back from operations, but rather that he is handing more of the day-to-day tasks over to Mike Lacey as he focuses on implementing the next iteration of our operating platform and ensuring strong execution. I have worked with Jerry for 18 years and Mike has worked with Jerry for 12 of those 18. I look forward to many more. With that, I’d like to again thank all of our associates for the hard work put in to making 2018 another great year. We are excited to carry this success into 2019. I’ll turn the call over now to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom and good afternoon everyone. We are pleased to announce another quarter and full year of strong operating results. Fourth quarter same-store revenue and NOI growth rates were 3.7% and 3.4% and full year 2018 growth rates were 3.5% and 3.4% respectively. For the quarter, our sector leading results continue to be driven by first, a widening blended lease rate spread that averaged 110 basis points above last year’s comparable period; robust occupancy averaging 96.8%; year-over-year annualized turnover that declined by 130 basis points; other income growth of nearly 12%; year-over-year controllable expense growth that has declined by 1.2%; and the continuation of positive trends and move-outs to home purchase and rent increase, both of which remain low at 11.6% and 5.4%, respectively. Moving on the primary 2019 macroeconomic assumptions that underpin our outlook are national job growth of approximately 170,000 per month with wage growth above 3%. This compares to 2018 job and wage growth of 220,000 per month and 2.8% respectively. Next, this is set against a relatively flat year-over-year delivery forecast after potential slippages factored in. And last, B quality suburban properties are expected to generally outperform A quality and urban assets. 2019 UDR-specific assumptions, which are driven by the macro forecast we utilize and by community-specific ground-up assumptions are as follows: our operating earn-in was approximately 40 basis points higher versus last year; overall pricing power in the form of blended lease rate growth will be better than 2018; occupancy is expected to remain in the high 96% range; other income should continue to grow at high single digits but not as robustly as in 2018; controllable expense growth is forecast to remain in check due to ongoing efficiency initiatives and the preliminary implementation of operating platform improvements; non-controllable expenses, such as real estate taxes will continue to pressure our bottom line due to 421 burn-off in New York and higher valuations in assorted markets and same-store community additions for the full year will not materially impact our revenue or NOI growth forecast. Additions to our same-store pool are available on Attachment 7(b) of our supplement. Also please note, 10 Hanover, located in downtown Manhattan and Garrison Square, located in Boston are being positioned for redevelopment later in 2019. Their eventual exclusion from the mature pool is contemplated in our full year same-store revenue and NOI growth guidance ranges, positively impacting them by 5 and 25 basis points, respectively. Taken together, full year 2019 same-store revenue growth is forecasted 3% to 4%, expense growth at 2.75% to 3.75% and NOI growth at 3.25% to 4.25%, which compare favorably versus the peer group and to 2018. Next, as Tom indicated in his remarks, I spent a great deal of my time in 2018 and will be spending even more of my time in 2019, implementing the next iteration of our operating platform, ensuring proper execution in the years ahead. I’m proud of what our operations teams have accomplished over the past 10 years with regard to the successes of our top line and expense growth initiatives, both of which expanded our margins significantly. Moving forward, we are working diligently to become even more efficient by centralizing and outsourcing repetitive non-customer-facing tasks at the site level, implementing an enhanced suite of resident self-service options available on smart devices and utilizing the internal data we track to better price our apartments and operate our communities. Where are we embarking on the next phase of our platform now? The answer is threefold. First, our customers are demanding that we conduct an increasing amount of business with them in a more simplified, technological-driven manner, similar to how they conduct business in other aspects of their life. To satisfy these demands, UDR must move more of our day-to-day interaction with residents online, similar to what they did with legacy initiatives, such as online rent payment, service request and leasing, all of which have higher than 80% penetration rates. Akin to companies that have successfully adopted transformational technologies in other industries, UDR will continue to invest and pivot as necessary to best serve our residents’ needs. Second, the technologies we will deploy have come a long way and are generally ready for primetime. Over the coming years, these solutions will allow our associates to perform their jobs more efficiently by focusing more of their time on value-add pursuits, such as improved customer service. And third we have a culture of innovation and success wherein we are focused on continued improvement. In 2019, we intend to invest approximately $20 million on smart home tech that will start us down this path. These installations will address about half of our opportunity set, with another $10 million in spend expected to take place in 2020 to round out the majority of our remaining communities. Smart home tech includes smart locks controlled by a mobile device, smart thermostats, water-leak detecting sensors and smart light switches. To-date, we have completed 1,800 home installations with rent premiums between $20 and $30 depending on the market, although there are clearly significant benefits to our controllable expenses as well. An additional $30 million investment in other technologies for the overall operating platform will also occur over the next 3 years. Some of this will be funded by successful investments in third-party technology firms, such as the one we highlighted on the face of our press release. Ultimately, we envision that these investments will meaningfully expand our margins, make our associates more efficient, make UDR a better place to work and improve our customers’ all around experience through an enhanced resident app, self-guided touring, improved pricing, more efficient workflow and greater resident satisfaction. To close out this subject, we have consistently improved our platform through the adoption of new technologies over the past 10 years, all of which has benefited our customer, the company and our shareholders. What I outlined previously in my remarks represents the next step in our evolution. Our company culture has consistently been one that promotes and rewards innovation, which gives us confidence in our ability to execute while not taking our eye off of core operations. Moving on a quick overview of market-level growth expectations for 2019, Orlando, Tampa, the Monterey Peninsula, Boston, Seattle and San Francisco are forecast to grow same-store revenue at a rate above the high end of our 3% to 4% portfolio growth range. We expect New York and Baltimore to come in below the low end. All other markets are forecast to grow top lines within the collars of our portfolio range. Last, our development pipeline continues to generate strong lease rates and velocities. While the current wave of projects was 85% leased on average at year-end and, therefore, closed reaching physical stabilization, economic stabilization is still a couple of years away. We are quite pleased with how our lease-ups performed during 2018, with 345 Harrison, our 585 home, $363 million project in Boston; Vitruvian West, our 383 home, $59 million project in Addison, Texas; and Vision on Wilshire, our 150 home, $127 million project in Los Angeles, all exceeding expectations. In closing, I appreciate the opportunity that Tom and the board provided me, and I would like to thank all of our associates in the field and at corporate for producing another strong year. With that, I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thanks, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our fourth quarter results and forward guidance, a transactions update and a capital markets and balance sheet update. Our fourth quarter earnings results came in at the high-ends of our previously provided guidance ranges. FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.50 and $0.46. Fourth quarter FFOA grew 5% year-over-year driven by strong same-store and lease-up performance and accretive capital deployment. Next, I will provide several high level comments on our 2019 guidance, the details of which can be found on Attachment 15 of our supplement. Full year 2019 FFOA per share guidance is $2.03 to $2.07 and AFFO is $1.87 to $1.91. Primary drivers of the $0.09 of growth between our 2018 FFOA of $1.96 and our 2019 $2.05 midpoint include: a positive impact of approximately $0.08 from same-store stabilized JVs in commercial operations; a positive impact of approximately $0.05 from development, DCP and other transactional activity; a negative impact of approximately $0.01 each from higher G&A and the timing drag associated with the recent equity issuance; a negative impact of approximately $0.02 from higher incremental financing costs, inclusive of higher LIBOR expectations. Moving on as Jerry indicated in his remarks, our full year 2019 same-store growth forecast is 3% to 4% for revenue, 2.75% to 3.75% for expenses and 3.25% to 4.25% for NOI, with forecasted occupancy of 96.8% to 97.0%. For the first quarter of 2019, our guidance ranges are $0.48 to $0.50 for FFOA and $0.46 to $0.48 for AFFO. Next, transactions, during the quarter, we sold Circle Towers, a 46-year-old, 604-home community located in the Fairfax County submarket of Washington, D.C. for $160 million. Subsequent to quarter end, we completed numerous transactions. First, we exercised purchase options on Parallel, a 386-home community located in the Platinum Triangle submarket of Anaheim, California and CityLine 2, a 155-home community located in suburban Seattle for a total cash outlay of $132 million to buy out our JV partner’s equity interest and pay off construction debt. Our total investment in the communities is $184 million. Both were acquired at a discount to market value and at a weighted average FFO cap rate of 5.3% on our blended investment. Second, we entered into a contract to purchase Leonard Pointe, a 188-home community located in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York, for $132 million at a high 4s FFO cap rate. The community is 4 years old, has operational upside is highly walkable, has easy access to Manhattan via the L line and to Long Island City via the G line and increases our exposure to our a target market. The transaction is scheduled to close in the first quarter, subject to customary closing conditions. Last, we acquired 500 Penn Street, a development site in the Union Market district of Washington DC for $27 million. We have been working on this deal for nearly 3 years and are excited about the vibrant, large-scale redevelopment underway around the site. And we closed on 1590 Grove Street, a development site located in the Sloan’s Lake submarket of Denver, which we originally put under contract during the first quarter of 2018 for $14 million. Regarding development, our pipeline totaled $779 million at year-end. It was 85% leased and 99% funded. We continue to assess new development opportunities but, similar to the past several years, remain disciplined in our underwriting. Over the next several years, we anticipate that our pipeline will stabilize at a level below where we have been through much of this cycle, likely in the $400 million to $600 million range, which is in keeping with our 3-year liquidity profile targets. On the DCP front, our investment, inclusive of accrued preferred return, stands at $199 million today. No additional deals were signed during the fourth quarter, but we continue to see a wide variety of opportunities with new and legacy partners. Our 2019 uses guidance of $20 million to $30 million only contemplates funding projects already in our pipeline, but we have approximately $100 million to $150 million of additional capacity that we can choose to deploy. As a reminder, we have 1 more fixed price option in the West Coast development JV and we will make a buy/sell decision on it when our purchase window opens in 2020. On the remainder of the in-place pipeline, we have back end participation and a seat at the table upon sale. As Jerry indicated in his remarks, we are positioning 10 Hanover, located in downtown Manhattan and Garrison Square located in Boston for redevelopment. We anticipate these projects will both start later in 2019. The total 2019 guidance spend of $25 million to $35 million also includes some smaller-scale unit additions at other stabilized properties. Big picture, we have a variety of capital sources and uses with competition taking place within each bucket. Today, we remain focused on opportunities in redevelopment, development, DCP and acquisitions. Moving forward, we will remain flexible with our deployment and will continue to pivot to take advantage of the best-available risk-adjusted return as long as opportunities meet our hurdles and can be accretively funded. Next, capital markets and balance sheet, during the quarter, we issued a 7.15 million common shares for net proceeds of approximately $300 million. The deal was well executed; priced at a premium to consensus NAV on a net basis; was 25% above the price at which we executed our buyback earlier in 2018; and provided us optionality with regard to asset sales later in the year, should we find incremental investment opportunities. All of the proceeds are earmarked for deployment over the near term. Also during the quarter, we issued $300 million of 10-year unsecured debt at an effective coupon of 4.27% after hedging. Proceeds were used to prepay $196 million of 5.28% secured debt originally scheduled to mature in October and December of 2019 and for general corporate purposes. As a result, we have a minimal amount of debt coming due in 2019 with cash flow in excess of dividends and cash on hand from our recent equity issuance expected to fund nearly 60% of our uses guidance. At quarter end, our liquidity, as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, net of the commercial paper balance, was $1.3 billion. Our consolidated financial leverage was 31% on un-depreciated book value, 23% on enterprise value and 28% inclusive of joint ventures. Our consolidated net debt to EBITDA RE was 5.0x and inclusive of joint ventures was 5.6x. We remain comfortable with our credit metrics and don’t plan to actively lever up or down from our average 2018 levels. Finally, in conjunction with this release, the board approved an annualized dividend of $1.37 per share for 2019, a 6% increase over 2018. The yield as of year end was approximately 3.5%. With that, I will open up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. What’s the guidance for ancillary revenue growth in 2019 and what was it in 2018 and then how much will it contribute to same-store growth this year versus last year?
Jerry Davis: Hi, Nick, this is Jerry. Last year, we came into the year expecting other income to contribute or to grow at high single-digits and it came in just under 12% at 11.5% this year. As we go into this year once again, we think it’s going to be high single-digits with the hope but not the expectation that it could go higher. It’s all based on increased penetration in some markets. And when you look at the contribution it made to total revenue last year, it was in that 80 to 100 basis point range and this year it’s expected to be probably in the 50 to 60 basis points of revenue growth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hill: Hey, good morning guys. Maybe just following up on Nick’s comment there, it looks like at least for the companies that we cover you have peer-leading same-store revenue growth and same-store FFO growth. In the past, you have had pretty attractive same-store revenue growth, but the FFO growth has been more in line. So I am curious what’s driving that FFO growth in 2019 and then maybe you could breakdown the other income, is it development, is it sort of your lending program, how should we think about that?
Joe Fisher: Yes, hey, Rich, it’s Joe. Couple of things in terms of what’s driving it this year, obviously, the core growth as well as the joint venture in commercial is contributing to that year-over-year growth number. But as we came through it last year, remember, we had $800 million pipeline on the development side that was really going just into the lease-up phase. So, it kind of came off of cap interest took on full expense load, but we are working up on the occupancy and revenue side. So there is about $0.01 drag last year to our run-rate FFO numbers. This year, we think it’s probably about $0.02 accretive. So you can add a $0.03 swing if you will year-over-year. In addition, if you go to that DCP pipeline, you look at what Harry and team have been able to do on that front in terms of continuing to deploy capital, that’s been accretive for us as well. And then on the financing front, while rates continue to tick higher, we have tried to get out ahead of some of the prepayment and refi activity and lock in lower rates on that front, which has helped us well. So overall, you kind of have core driving $0.08 of it, transaction activity driving around $0.05 and then you have interest coming off $0.02 as well as G&A and the equity raise being about $0.01 each.
Rich Hill: Great. Very helpful color. Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hey, guys. Just touching on the Brooklyn acquisition, I mean, we have seen many of your peers reduce exposure to New York City recently. So you are clearly taking a contrarian view here in adding exposure. And I guess I am just curious, what gives you the confidence in the market I guess both near-term and longer term given some of the supply challenges we have seen? And then also curious, when you underwrote the transaction if you underwrote it with the L train being fully shutdown I guess over the near-term?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Austin, this is Joe. I will probably start it off and then Harry might be able to speak to some of the specific attributes on the asset submarket returns, but overall, with New York, you are right. It is a market that we can look at both Leonard and our 10 Hanover redevelopment. We are looking to get more dollars put to work in that market. While it has lagged of late from a regular standpoint given the supply picture, we are starting to see that come off. New York will be probably a little bit higher next year in terms of supply, but this is not a 1-year trade for us. We are thinking about the next 5 to 10 years. And so while supply has dampened that rent growth, when you look at the underlying economic kind of drivers of that market meaning job growth, income growth, population growth and as well as the diversification of the employment base clearly getting more technology focused and diversifying away from just kind of the fire type of jobs. We think we are setup to see kind of mean reversion on the rent growth over the next 5 to 10 years. So that’s what got us positive on that front. So, I’ll kick it over to Harry, and he can probably talk a little deal specific.
Harry Alcock: Sure, this is Harry. The property just, first of all, is we think, is very well located in the North Williamsburg area of Brooklyn. It’s a block from McCarren Park. It’s really in an established residential neighborhood, even though the property is only 3, 4 years old. Away from the glut of new supply in downtown Brooklyn and the Williamsburg Waterfront, it really is very difficult to get density in this neighborhood. The property has been fully occupied for 2 years, has a 25-year tax abatement, fully abated until 2036. And you mentioned the L train, when we contracted put this property under agreement, the L train was still supposed to be taken offline entirely. During the due diligence process, you saw the news that there will still be the L line, L train will still continue to run. So, the there is our initial underwriting contemplated the L train stopped entirely. Today, we are well aware of the circumstances which should be positive.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Trent Trujillo with Scotiabank. Please proceed with your question.
Trent Trujillo: Hi good morning and congrats, Jerry and all the other team members on recent promotion. Just thinking about other markets, you also recently commented on attractiveness of Philadelphia and how you’re looking to expand your presence there. So since we’re coming off the NMHC conference, I’m curious if you’ve surfaced any opportunities to act on this.
Joe Fisher: Yes. It’s Joe. We did do the DCP deal that we talked about last year, 1300 Fairmount, for around $52 million or so. It is a market we want to continue to gain more exposure to for some of the reasons we’ve talked about in the past. Coming out of NMHC, there’s always plenty of deal flow coming out of that. But we have been looking, not just on the DCP side, but we’re looking at development opportunities there to try to rebuild that pipeline. We’re looking at acquisition opportunities as well. So, to the extent that we can find something that we think is going to be accretive, not just near-term but to longer-term growth, and then also have the ability to lay on the operational platform that Jerry spoke to in his opening remarks and also put in some more initiative penetration, I think there’s an opportunity for the platform to drive outsized revenue growth there as well. So, we are looking. I think the good thing about the equity offering that we did in December, it created a lot of optionally for us around transaction so that we can consider instead of just using dispositions or moving dispositions from the plan, we now have the opportunity to try to figure out how to drive some additional FFO growth for the platform going forward.
Trent Trujillo: Okay, great. And just a quick follow-up, in the prepared comments, I think you mentioned that you expected B quality assets to outperform A in 2019. Can you maybe talk about the magnitude of that performance gap, how it compares to 2018 and if you expect that gap to trend in a particular way during the year?
Jerry Davis: In this is Jerry. In 2018, I think across our portfolio, it was probably 75 to 100 basis points of outperformance. So, I think as you go into this next year, we would expect it to be roughly that same magnitude maybe a bit tighter, but not materially different.
Trent Trujillo: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Stevenson with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Stevenson: Good afternoon guys. Jerry, when you were putting together your same-store revenue range for ‘19 which markets you and your team think had the widest band of likely outcomes for 2019 and if one market falls short of your ‘19 expectations when we are speaking a year from now, which market do you think that’s likely to be?
Jerry Davis: Probably the ones with the largest ranges are the ones that have the heaviest amounts of supply. But what we’re really looking at that determines the ranges is job growth in those markets. So, 3 that really jump out are Seattle, New York and San Francisco. We expect Seattle to be a good-performing market this next year, but a lot of it is contingent upon a continuation of job growth. Same is true in San Francisco. New York, while it’s going to be one of our lower-performing markets, we still expect it to be almost 100 basis points improved revenue growth from last year. So, we’ve been encouraged recently. Joe was going through some of the attributes that we saw in the Brooklyn deal. As we look at more recent rent growth there, as you see in our supplement on Attachment 8(g), new lease rate growth in the fourth quarter was 1.5%. That compares to a company average of 1%. And actually, in the month of January, new lease rate growth was 1.3%. So, we’re encouraged by New York today, but we are cognizant that dependent on job growth, it could change. And then the fourth market that you have significant amounts of new supply, none of it’s not much is in our backyard, is LA. LA, I would say, just always has a little bit of risk for us on the same-store side because 3 of our 4 same-store assets are located in Marina del Rey. So, when you have that kind of a concentration, if the development that is coming at us goes a little crazy on lease-up concessions, it can affect us. I guess, if there was one, I look at that could surprise to the downside and this is probably just looking more at conventional opinion, Seattle. We feel like our Seattle portfolio, while it’s heavily located in Bellevue and Bellevue is – West Bellevue is not going to have that much new supply. If you do feel concessionary problems come from both Redmond where supply is going to be heavy or downtown, it could affect us.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. Thanks guys.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: Hi, guys. How are you?
Jerry Davis: Hey, Rich.
Rich Hightower: Good. I am going to do a quick question here on the smart home technology investment you described in the prepared remarks. I am just curious how you guys think about that investment and given the plethora of options probably available to a company like UDR and how you pick among vendors and think about potential obsolescence over the next several years as new technology comes down the pike? And then also, how did you get to the $20 to $30 rent premium you described, how do you measure that exactly?
Jerry Davis: Yes, Rich, it’s Jerry. I will tell you we did look at a lot of vendors and we participated with one that we have a lot of confidence in. He is the company has success with other installations historically most predominantly in the single family home industry. When you look at the return, we measure the return and it’s about a 12% to 13% IRR based on about a 6, 6.5-year life on this investment. We think there is also as I said in my remarks benefits on the expense side. One of the key features of this is leak detectors. And as you know, in high-rises as well as garden communities, water damage can be very expensive, so catching it early drives down insurance cost as well as R&M. We think by having these electronic locks, it saves our maintenance teams time in responding to service requests as well as just having to change out locks, and it also cuts down on overtime because we don’t have to come out and do lockouts for residents. So, there’s quite a bit of it on the expense side, too. When you look at the $20 to $30 premium, we’re going to add that to the rent. So, we will be able to measure what our spread in rents was before and after installation compared to the market to ensure that we’re getting that benefit. I can tell you, as I said in my opening remarks, we’ve installed almost 2,000 of these. The response from the residents has been very positive. I think a lot of them already had things like Amazon Echoes in their apartments that they’re tying into the system to help make it work. I think they see the convenience factors, especially on the locks, to be able to open them remotely from their mobile device when they have friends, dog sitters, people like that coming to their houses. I think for our single parents that, or parents in general, that have school-age kids that get home from school, you get a notification when the door opens. So, it gives you that kind of calmness that your child has returned home. Overall, we think it’s a big benefit for the resident. We think there is a significant benefit to us. We realize that technology does change, but we think this technology is cutting edge and should last at least for 6, 6.5 years before we have to reinvest.
Rich Hightower: Okay. No, that’s helpful color. Let me ask another question. So UDR I think has at least among your public peers as far as we can tell, has been, I don’t know if you want to call it at the forefront, but fairly active and rigorous in pursuit of sort of the data analytics side and how you select markets for investment in the future. And New York is a market that you guys have described as maybe being a contrarian play. Philly, I think, was one that screened well in your according to your methodology as well. But are there other markets out there, and I don’t want to you to give away the playbook, but other markers that sort of screen well from a contrarian perspective versus what the consensus view on that given market might be today and where you guys might differ?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hey, Rich. There definitely are other markets that we are actively looking in and trying to deploy capital into. So, I think as you look forward to our actions over the, call it, the next 12, 24 months, you’ll probably see the fruit of those labors. So, I think you’ll see where we’re trying to go. From a sourcing standpoint, yes, there’s markets that may not screen as well for us. But keep in mind, there’s always asset-specific, submarket-specific, tax-specific as well as CapEx reasons that you may want to sell an asset. So, I’d say, our disposition strategy is probably a little bit less focused on the portstrat work. We’ll still use it as a factor, but there are a lot of other factors that come into it, whereas the deployment of focusing personnel resources and capital resources is a lot more focused across the board.
Rich Hightower: Okay. Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Spector: Thank you. Good afternoon. Just maybe if we could start with the macro, I heard Tom say that the macro remains supportive and we are getting lots of incoming calls, questions on just the macro. From again just to confirm from what you are seeing, whether it’s web traffic right now, I guess all indicators are showing that in your markets, the macro environment remains stable, good?
Jerry Davis: Yes, this is Jerry. I would tell you, when you look at total income growth for our markets, it’s screening higher than it is for the country in general at over 6% total income. We expect job growth. When you look at how we have built up some of our budget and plan expectations, we do see job creation coming down somewhat to probably about 170,000 jobs per month, but we do see an increase in wage growth in our markets. So, you’ve got that. Then on the supply side, I don’t think we’re seeing a whole lot different in our peer set. I think overall, we see a slight increase in supply next year and it deviates market by market.
Joe Fisher: Hey, Jeff, this is Joe. Maybe just a couple of other things as it relates to capital allocation, thoughts too, on that front. While we do see positive macroeconomic backdrops, you have seen a lot of activity out of us in the first quarter as well as the intent to kind of rebuild that pipeline on the development side to roughly half of where it’s been most of this cycle. I don’t want you to take away from that, that we are overly bullish or risk-on from a cycle standpoint or that we have adjusted our underwriting or discipline around that by any sense. It’s really just a byproduct of a couple of things. Those being one, timing in that you have seen the two options from Wolff that started back in 2015 coming to fruition. The Union Market land was started 3 years ago, Denver was started over a year ago. So, some of this activity is just simply a byproduct of timing of a lot of these deals coming to a head at once as well as the optionality that we talked about that the equity offering give us to kind of go out there and think about where we can deploy capital that supports the grow rate. So, don’t take our comments on macro and the recent activity to think that we are overly bullish on where we are going and that we are switching to a risk-on posture.
Jerry Davis: Jeff, that being said, we have got January in the books. And when you look at new lease rate growth in January, it was at 0.9%, which is comparable to what it was in the fourth quarter, and it’s about 120 basis points on the new lease side, higher than we were last year. So, you’ve got that on top of 96.8% physical occupancy. So, we are off to a good start this year.
Jeff Spector: Great, thanks. All very helpful comments. And then just one other question on expenses, I know you said real estate taxes of course will continue to pressure overall expenses but the rest remain in check. Can you confirm the predictive analytics that you are referring to are you using that for the expense controls, because you seem to be doing a better job than your peers on that front?
Jerry Davis: No, we are really not utilizing the predictive analytics. So, I think on the expense side, what you’ve seen is us really get a start on this operating platform that we discussed in the prepared remarks. And I think when you look at how we’ve done in the fourth quarter, our controllable expenses, which are everything except real estate taxes and insurance, we’re down 1.4%. You’re going to see an increase in repairs and maintenance but a pretty good decrease in personnel. And that’s really a function of us outsourcing more pieces of our business to more efficiently drive down the total cost structure. So, I think a lot of what we’ve done so far is related to outsourcing and centralization of certain functions to become more efficient. I think we’ve improved some of the analytics we use on the marketing side. I think we’ve, on the utility side, done a very good job of putting in more energy-efficient lighting and other tools. And I think you’re doing to see those continue. So while we’re still expecting real estate pressures next year, it will come down somewhat from what it was this year. But our expectation is those controllable expenses stay in check, probably close to flat as we look out into 2019. And I think as we continually drive down our margin through this new operating platform, it’s going to help our existing portfolio, but more importantly, it’s going to give us a platform so that when we’re looking to make other investments in the future, whether it’s acquisitions or developments, you are going to see better flow-through on those and more value creation.
Jeff Spector: Great. Thank you.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Guinee with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
John Guinee: Great. Thank you and wonderful job. I am just trying to drill down a little bit more on the CapEx spend. If I look at the Attachment 14, you are at about $2,300 a unit for capitalized expenditures on consolidated homes. If you add tech spend to that and maybe you have already, what’s your tech spend per unit for the next few years? And then if you look at redevelopment, a good run rate of the redevelopment, which isn’t adding to your unit count but is just a major overhaul of a project, how much whole dollars should we expect to spend or you expect to spend on technology as well as redevelopment?
Joe Fisher: Hey, John, this is Joe. Just on the return as web enhancing, that $2,300, that does not take into account these spends for the new platform. So, the spend that Jerry has referred to on that front for the technology spend will be separately categorized from this, and we’ll provide that guidance. You can see back on Attachment 15 where we provide overall guidance for the platform spend of $25 million to $35 million this year. That’s for both the technology spend as well as the smart home spend that he referred to. So that’s going to be separate from this. What we’re trying to show you on Attachment 14 is really the recurring CapEx required for the business to drive that NOI, so that’s what the recurring number should be.
John Guinee: And then on redevelopment, you have got $25 million to $35 million, how many units is that? And are you adding any units when you redevelop spend $25 million to $35 million on redeveloping existing properties?
Joe Fisher: Yes, there is a couple of different buckets in there and Harry or Jerry can probably go into some of the details, but the $25 million to $35 million, yes, it’s not a set level that we try to get to each and every year. It’s opportunity-dependent, as those opportunities come along. So, in this case, we talked about Hanover as well as Garrison. That is embedded in this, but that’ll be a multiyear spend. So, it’ll drag over a couple of years. And we’ll provide more disclosure going forward as those deals start about what the total expectations of spend are, the completion dates, et cetera. In addition to those larger type of products – or projects, you’re going to see densification opportunities, unit additions, creative things that we’re trying to do to take advantage of underutilized space, so taking underutilized amenities or garage space. We’re trying to add units into the projects, so that spend will be embedded in it as well.
John Guinee: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Thanks. Jerry thanks for the comments on 10 Hanover and Garrison impact to same-store, could you provide the same-store revenue and NOI impact for all changes, net additions and subtractions to same-store in ‘19?
Jerry Davis: That’s pretty much what it is. When you really looked at the other additions and there weren’t many, it really didn’t have any effect on it.
John Pawlowski: Okay. And then on property taxes outside of California and New York where there is pretty good visibility, what regions you are expecting the most pressure on property tax growth rates in ‘19 versus ‘18?
Jerry Davis: There is probably the same ones that we are going to see the pressure and that would be Florida, Texas, Seattle would be the heaviest pressure points.
John Pawlowski: Alright. And last one for me, Joe, I understand you are comfortable with the credit metrics, if GSE reform becomes more real, at any point would you try to get to improved credit rating to try to get your unsecured costs down?
Joe Fisher: Hey, John. I would honestly say that the GSE reform aspect and our credit rating and desire to move up in credit rating are probably independent of each other as we’ve traditionally been a, unsecured borrower and had very competitive cost to capital on that front as a BBB+. And so, we’ve gone through that whole analysis of if we tried to upgrade on rating, what we’d have to give up in terms of a deleveraging and what the dilution would be to that. And to date, we have not been able to make sense of upgrading and trying to offset that with multiple as we don’t think our multiple has been impaired due to our credit profile. I do think if the GSEs do tend to reform and/or go away, like the important considerations are when you look at us as a public company, like you said, we do have a lot of different sources of capital. In addition, when you look at our asset base, which is a higher quality asset base, which is typically not as levered in the private market, we are probably more insulated as a public company relative to the private market from any impact of the GSEs.
John Pawlowski: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Tayo Okusanya: Hi, yes, good afternoon. Most of my questions have been answered, but I just had one quick follow-up. A comment you that you made earlier on about the development being close to physical stabilization, but it will be several years before they hit economic stabilization. I was wondering could you talk a little bit about that, I would have thought things like what’s called what am I thinking about discounts and things like that, that kind of come off fairly quickly. I am just surprised you are talking about there is a big time difference between physical stabilization and economic stabilization?
Jerry Davis: Well, this is Jerry, Joe may want to jump in or Harry. When you think about physical stabilization, you complete the project, obviously, and then you start to lease up throughout. But frequently, that first year of lease-up, you’re offering anywhere from 1 month, maybe 1.5 months of concession. You also have extensive marketing cost during that time frame. So that’s physically stable, but not economically stable. As you get to that next year, the next turn of leases, typically, the concessions go away or for the most part go away and the marketing spend comes down dramatically that’s when you start getting more of that full stabilized yield.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay, that’s fair enough. Thank you.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tayo.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O’Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning out there. Just two questions. First, on the JV same-store pool, the KFC and the Hanover or I guess MetLife, the same-store NOI has been was negative last year. And I am just curious is this I know a few years ago, you spoke about the rent levels of those properties being high-end maybe it was a problem pushing rents, but can you just talk about the performance of those assets and do you think that they will start to match your overall same store trends or you think that there is just something specific about where they are, where they are positioned in the market that they will continue to underperform?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think at least in or in 2019 our expectation is revenue is probably going to be about 100 bps lower than what our same-store pool would be, so call it 2% to 3% and that’s predominantly because they are in urban areas with high A+ products. So, they are competing more than our average portfolio against new supply. The expense growth is going to be more elevated too, more in the 4% to 5% range predominantly due to real estate tax issues that are affecting that, but you should have this next year positive NOI somewhere in the 1% to 2% range. So, they will not do as well as our same stores.
Alexander Goldfarb: Jerry, are you thinking about keeping those longer term or those are future assets to sell?
Jerry Davis: I will start then these guys can jump in. I think this is just a temporary issue as we go through supply absorption. We have been going through it for the last year or two, but we like these assets. We like the locations and the product type. It’s just the time – it’s a time in the cycle where new supply has come into those more urban submarkets. So, it’s not making us want to flee those assets.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then on the second question, Wall Street Journal Article B7 today highlighted that a number of municipality states contemplating different rent measures, including here in New York. That looks like it could target all apartments, not just the rent-stabilized. What are your thoughts on some of these proposals, especially here in New York? And are with these proposals, are they affecting the way that you think about underwriting the markets? Or in your view, this is all of normal course? And as you’ve operated in markets over time, there’s always this stuff, and it’s just something that is part of the underwriting mix? Or is something shifting this time, as you guys observe?
Joe Fisher: Alex, this is Joe. I would say, first off, from a national basis, and it applies to New York as well, when we think about the affordability issues that exist out there, we continue to not believe that further regulations or compression on rents or caps on rents is probably the appropriate path forward to try to get new supply and new affordability out there. So hopefully, we get to a point where we can all work kind of collectively as constituents and get to a better place, but given our desire to be in New York, that’s independent of the rent control issue or rent stabilization issue that’s out there today. We have spent a lot more time thinking about this, going through and looking at the rhetoric that’s out there, some of the commentary as well as looking back at past attempts at regulation to understand where this could potentially go, going forward. I do agree that we’ve seen a couple of comments out there of market-wide rent stabilization talks, mainly from Julia Salazar. But I think most of the other rhetoric out there is really target the rent-stabilized piece. And so, when we look at that, when you kind of look at New York overall, it’s important to keep in mind a couple of facts, which are: 50% of the market is market-based units, where the other 50% is effectively rent-stabilized and a small portion that’s rent control. For our portfolio, pro forma for the Leonard acquisition, we’ll be about 80% market rate and 20% rent-stabilized. So, I do think to the extent that anything happens on the rent-stabilized side, it will stand to benefit the market rate. So, we should see better rent growth, better forward rent growth valuations, just given supply will probably back off a little bit. The other thing for the rent stabilized piece, whether something happens there with better oversight of legal rents, CapEx, rent stabilized or preferential rents, you likely do still have a economic return and probably a lower volatility return. So, it’s something we are focused on, something we are thinking about. We factored it into a downside underwriting for Leonard to try to think about what could be a worst case scenario if we went very draconian and we still thought given the probability of that happening, it made a lot of sense moving forward with that deal.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you Joe. Helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hardik Goel with Zelman & Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Hardik Goel: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I actually just wanted to ask you about the progress you’ve made on the expense side and what we can expect in the future. As you look across the different lines, Jerry, you talked a little bit about how the platform investments over time will help with the cost structure as well. Do you see that more on the repair and maintenance side or the personnel side? Are you able to be more efficient with the number of employees per building or things like that? Just some more color on those items.
Jerry Davis: Yes, it’s exactly what you said. I think you’re going to see the blend between R&M and personnel. I think we’re going to be able to continually run at either flat to slightly negative, just like we did this year, as we create more efficiency, both on the cost structure as well as the workflow. So, but I would guess as you look forward to next year, you’re going to see R&M probably inch up a little bit higher, but you’re going to see personnel costs come down, even though you’re going to have wage inflation across our markets of 3 plus expense. Our expectation is a natural attrition. We’ll look for opportunities to be more efficient and outsource or centralize. And I think you are going to see the personnel come in probably lower than most of our competitors.
Hardik Goel: Also on the utilities line, do you think there is potential especially with buildings becoming more amenitized as we go through at least from a newer product that there is potential for these sensors and other technology and investments to kind of reduce those costs as you manage utilities for the amenitized or common spaces better?
Jerry Davis: Absolutely. I think when you look at common area, electric or gas and the temperatures that are in hallways or other common areas, we definitely have room for improvement there within our company. And I think when you look at that as well as again LED light fixtures, we are looking at solar, I am not sure if we will move forward with that. But we are looking at all kinds of opportunities to reduce any of the cost structure on the business that doesn’t impact our residents.
Hardik Goel: Got it. Thanks so much. That’s very helpful.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey, there. I am sorry if I missed this, but did you mention specifically what the real estate tax growth outlook embedded in your 2019 same-store expense range is? And I guess as part of that how much of an assumption is embedded specifically from the 421-a tax abatement pressures in your New York portfolio and how long or approximately how many years of a headwind should we expect these tax abatements to be?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Haendel, for real estate tax next year, we think it’s probably got to come in somewhere in the 7% to 8% range. If you look at what’s really driving that, Jerry mentioned a couple of the markets already, but specific to 421 and I will expand that to redevelopment impact too from View 34. The 421, we just have 95 Wall in the same-store pool going forward next year. It’s about a $700,000 impact on real estate taxes, which with over $100 million you are kind of in that 70 basis point type of range for impact. In addition, when you look at View 34, the big redevelopment that was completed several years back, the impact of that is flowing through into the valuations and therefore the real estate tax on a 5-year average basis. And so that one has cost us another call it 150 or so basis points on real estate taxes as well. So if you are kind of at 7.5 midpoint, our true unadjusted number is probably more in that kind of 450 to 500 basis point growth range.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, appreciate that. And then it sounds like we are at the front-end of the tax abatement headwind curve, approximately how long should we expect this to be a headwind approximately?
Joe Fisher: Yes, across the platform, we really only have two large 421 projects, that’s 95 Wall and then 10 Hanover. As we have talked about in the past, I think last year, it was about $1.3 million. The collective impact this year will be about $1.8 million, and then we actually peak out in 2020 at just over $2 million. So we are actually coming up into the kind of 421 headwind and then it will start ramping down from there.
Harry Alcock: And Haendel I am not sure if you, this is Harry, if you were asking about the new acquisition in Brooklyn, but that has a 25-year tax abatement. It’s fully abated until 2036 and then there is a 5-year bleed in.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you. And then a follow-up on the ancillary revenue, I guess I am curious how much more of an opportunity is there. It sounds like maybe I am wrong, but should we infer from the deceleration in this year that the opportunity has been pretty much maxed out and will be on the wane going forward and maybe you could perhaps share some thoughts on perhaps the additional ancillary income levers beyond maybe the in-home technology that you are looking into that you can pull that can be incremental to your revenue over the next few years?
Jerry Davis: Sure, Haendel. And I would say this that the technology won’t go into ancillary income that will be added as rent growth and when you look at the impact of the smart homes, it’s probably 10 to 15 basis points of our revenue growth this year, but it’s going to be more in the rents. But when you look at the ancillary income again last year it grew at call it, 11.5%. This year like I said we expect it to be high single-digits, although we wouldn’t be surprised if it got back up to low double-digits depending on success of continuation of parking as well as the short-term furnished rentals. So we are still growing that at multiples above what rents are growing. So, while it’s slowing a bit or expected to slow a bit, it’s still going to be a strong contributor. One other avenue that we started getting some traction on last year that we expect to grow this year are renting out to third-parties our common areas that are underutilized frequently, especially during daytime hours, to businesses. Last year, it was a modest contribution of call it $0.5 million. We think that this year is going to at least double and we think it’s a platform that we have started out in the West Coast and it’s moving eastward. So I think there is potential for that to grow. And I will tell you we are constantly looking for additional avenues to grow other income through pieces of our real estate outside of our core apartment units. So, while those are the items that are on the list today, I am confident over the next couple of years, we will continue to reload.
Haendel St. Juste: Great. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein with Capital One. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Bernstein: Hi, good afternoon. At NMHC, there was a lot of talk about co-living, co-working and so I just wanted to understand maybe what new issues you have on those and how you are incorporating that into your business model over the next couple of years?
Jerry Davis: Yes, we have looked and talked to people about co-living. We really haven’t implemented anything. To-date, we haven’t had occupancy pressures where we felt it was something that was necessary, but it is something we will continue to study. I do think when you look at the economic reasons that certain individuals move into co-living situations as well as social side of it, I think it’s something that you could see progress and Harry may want to talk a little bit about one of our DCP deals in Philadelphia where they are actually going to have some co-living space. So we are seeing examples of new developments that are being actually built for co-living and not just converted existing apartment units. And I think by us being an investor in this deal, we will be able to actually watch it and see the benefits and some of the cons as they do their lease up and managing this. So Harry, anything you would add?
Harry Alcock: Yes, the DCP deal he is talking about is in Philly. It’s near Temple University, about 25% of the 400 plus units are allocated to co-living and they kind of created a separate little area within the building, within the property to accommodate these. So we will see how that plays out over the next 18 to 24 months as the developer completes construction and we go through lease-up.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. So it’s not – if you are looking at it, it’s not playing a huge role yet within the construct of your properties?
Jerry Davis: I would say, right now, it’s not playing any role but it is something we are screening.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. One last quick question if I could. Predicting job growth is probably like predicting the weather, I am not going to hold you to the 170,000 a month, but I was trying to understand within your guidance to occupancy and rate growth. Is there some range of job growth you are contemplating? And historically, if you look at – back at the real – or the economic cycles, there is some place 100,000 jobs a month, 50,000 jobs a month where you start seeing some more impact on occupancy if the economy doesn’t look out so?
Joe Fisher: Yes. Hi, Dan. So when we go through kind of the overall budgeting process, it’s a dual kind of two-legged approach from top down and bottom up. So bottom-up in the field is really based off of what do they see as competitive supply, what are the recent rent trends that they have and what’s going on from a demand side within their market? So that’s really how you get to the midpoint. And of course we overlay what we see coming from an overall top down supply and demand standpoint. We make sure that we feel comfortable with those forecasts as well and work with them on kind of refining it, but then the ranges around it, there isn’t any easy one-to-one type of relationship that you can kind of come up with and say if 50,000 jobs down, here is what it does to revenue because it is so micro-oriented in terms of the submarket adds, etcetera. So we really don’t have math that kind of takes you up and down to the high-end where we can say 170,000 is base case, but if we went to 120,000 here is where it goes.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. Very good.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back over to Chairman and CEO, Mr. Toomey for closing remarks.
Tom Toomey: Thank you and a quick wrap up. First, thank you again for your time and interest in UDR. We started off the call with a recap of 2018, which was a great year for us as well as our view of 2019, which we anticipate to be very similar to 2018. And we are off to a very good start. It’s been a very good rewarding 45 days into the year. And with that, I would like to again thank all our associates for all the hard work they have put in and continue to do every day. Take care.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Van Ens - Vice President Thomas Toomey - Chairman, CEO, and President Jerry Davis - COO Joe Fisher - CFO Warren Troupe - Corporate Compliance Officer and Secretary Harry Alcock - CIO and SVP
Analysts: Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Rich Hightower - Evercore ISI Drew Babin - Robert W. Baird Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Rob Steven - Janney Montgomery Scott John Kim - BMO Capital Markets John Guinee - Stifel Nicolaus Tayo Okusanya - Jefferies Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the UDR's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President, Chris Van Ens. Thank you, Mr. Van Ens. You may begin.
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to UDR's quarterly financial results conference call. Our quarterly press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our Web site, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we've reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman, CEO, and President, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and welcome to UDR's third quarter 2018 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. There are three key points I'd like to make about our business and the macroeconomic environment. First, we again produced very good results across all aspects of our business during the quarter. These results and the positive outlook drove our second guidance increase this year, in earnings per share and same-store growth ranges. Jerry and Joe will discuss these in detail in their prepared remarks. Second, the underlying macroeconomic backdrop for the apartment industry remains positive. This when combined with solid fundamentals will continue to support future growth. As such, we expect the apartments will remain a consistent short-term and long-term performer in a very volatile global economic landscape. Third, and turning to 2019, we are optimistic about our prospects. We remain confident in our innovative platform and the expected earnings from it, as well as the improved bottom line contribution from our lease-up communities first [ph] 2018. From a capital allocation standpoint, we remain flexible, and we'll continue to invest in uses that provide the best risk adjusted return. We'll provide details at 2019 guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call. Last, to all my fellow associates in the field and corporate offices, we thank you for producing another quarter strong results. With that I will turn it over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon everyone. We're pleased to announce another quarter's strong operator results. Third quarter year-over-year revenue and NOI growth for our same-store pool, which represents approximately 83% of total NOI were 3.8% and 3.9% respectively. Please note that excluding the impending sale of our Circle Towers community located in the Washington D.C. market and this commensurate move to held for sale, quarterly same-store revenue growth would have been 3.7% in the quarter, we're the top-end of the range we've provided in early September. Maybe none, as Tom indicated, business is strong, seven points I would like to highlight from the quarter are as follows: first, every year same-store revenue growth of 3.8% exhibited continued acceleration versus the 3% and 3.4% growth rates we produced in the first and second quarters. Secondly, market rents accelerated through the end of August before retreating slightly in September. As such, 2018 has exhibited more typical seasonality than any of the prior three years. Well, we had anticipated this coming into 2018, the durability of the market rent growth throughout the prime leasing season was welcomed. We are definitely benefiting from stronger job growth in our markets thus far in 2018, which has been 40 basis points better than an initial estimates and solid last 12 month wage growth that is average 3.2%. Combined, our markets have outpaced national total income growth by 90 basis points over the trailing 12 months. Third, every year blended lease rate growth for the quarter was 60 basis points higher than during the same period last year. This is 40 basis points wider and what was realized during the first half of 2018. We expect this gap to continue to widen in the fourth quarter. Fourth, other income grew by nearly 14 % in the quarter, well above our expectations. Our operating initiatives continue to grow at rates many multiples of rent growth and remain a primary contributor to our sector leading 2018 same-store revenue guidance. Fifth, turnover continues to compare favorably versus 2017. Year-to-date, annualized turnover was down 100 basis points through nine months. This is especially impressive given that our short-term leasing initiative should result in higher turnover. Sixth, same store expense growth came in at 3.5%. Real estate taxes remain under pressure increasing by 9% year over year but our controllable expenses grew by only 0.2% as we continue to find efficiencies throughout our operating platform as evidenced by our year to date personnel expense growth of negative 2.8%. We see a long runway for constraining future expense growth by technological initiatives and process enhancements. And last, we saw minimal pressure from move-out to home purchase or rent increase remains stable at a 12% and 6% reasons for move-out during the quarter. Likewise, bad debt remains in check. These encouraging prospects when combined with our neared 97% occupancy set us up well entering 2019. Next a quick overview of our markets, the majority of our markets are performing in line with expectations with a few exceptions. The Florida markets, San Francisco and Boston have outperformed versus original forecast of Austin and New York continue to struggle in the face of new supply pressures. Regarding New York, we continue to forecast positive top line growth for the market in 2018 despite a slightly negative year to date results. Last, our development pipeline in aggregate continues to generate lease rates and leasing velocities in line with - to ahead of its original expectations. At 345 Harrison, our 585-home, $363 million project in Boston, which opened in late May, we ended the quarter at 74% leased, well ahead of initial forecast. This, when combined with rental rates that are in line with original underwriting expectations, keeps us enthused by 345's anticipated contribution to 2019. At our $353 million, 516-home Pacific City development in Huntington Beach, we ended the quarter at 81% leased. We continue to see this property gaining traction. Our two JV developments, totaling $93 million in pro rata spend remain on budget and on schedule. Our suburban mid-rise 383-home community located in Addison, Texas, Vitruvian West, ended the quarter at 96% leased, which runs well in excess of underwriting expectations, after opening the doors, just back in February. Our 150-home Vision on Wilshire community, located in Los Angeles, is a very high price point community and is performing well ending the quarter at 75%, after having first move in just five months earlier in April. Quarter-end lease-up statistics are available on Attachment 9 of our supplement. I would like to again thank all of our associates in the field and at corporate for another strong quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thanks, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our third quarter results and forward fourth guidance, a transaction's update, and a balance sheet update. Our third quarter earnings results came in at the midpoints of our previously provided guidance ranges FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.49 and $0.44. Third quarter FFOA was up $0.02 or 4.3% year-over-year, driven by strong same-store performance, lease-up performance, and accretive capital deployment.  I would now like to direct you to Attachment 15 of our supplement, which details our second guidance ranges of 2018 and our latest expectations. In summary, we increased full year 2018 FFOA per share to $1.95 to $1.96 and AFFO per share to $1.79 to $1.80. Primary drivers of the increases include, upside from our same-store portfolio, an improved contribution from our lease-up properties, an additional accretion from additional DCP deployment. Full-year 2018 same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth guidance ranges were each increased by 25 basis points at the low end to 3.25% to 3.5% driven by strong blended lease rate and other income growth offset somewhat by higher real estate taxes. For the fourth quarter, our guidance ranges are $0.49 to $0.50 for FFOA and $0.45 to $0.45 for AFFO. Next, transaction; during the quarter, we entered into a contract to sell Circle Towers, a 46-year-old, 604-home community located in the Fairfax County submarket of Washington D.C. for $160 million. The sale temporarily decreases our DC exposure ahead of potential new development and densification opportunities in the market over the coming years. The transaction is expected to close during the fourth quarter, subject to customary closing conditions. Regarding development, we continue to work towards stabilizing our development pipeline in the $400 million to $600 million range and have a path forward to do so over the next several years depending on our opportunities. Most of these stars are expected to come from legacy land and densification opportunities as we remain disciplined in our underwriting and sourcing economical land remains challenging, given the disparity between construction cost increases and rent growth in most markets. Similar to last quarter, we remain constructive on our forecasted 2019 earnings from our $809 million of completed on balance sheet and JV development. On the developer capital program front, we are seeing more opportunities and closed on three new deals, settling $73 million and commitments during the third quarter, bringing our total commitments to $270 million, 74% of which has been funded. The investments are located in Santa Monica, Philadelphia and Orlando represents 867 apartment homes in aggregate and have a weighted average yield of 10%. Within the program, we currently have incremental capacity of $50 to $100 million. Please see attachment 12-B for further details. Big picture, we remain flexible with our capital deployment and we'll continue to pivot to take advantage of the best available risk adjusted return. As long as the opportunities meet our hurdles and fall within our forward sources and uses plan. Next, capital markets and balance sheet, during the quarter we amended our $1.1 billion revolving credit facility and $350 million term loan to extend both maturities out to 2023 and reduce our spreads over LIBOR by 7.5 basis points and 5 basis points respectively. Subsequent to quarter end, we issued $300 million dollars of 10-year unsecured debt at a coupon a 4.4% and effective coupon of 4.27% after hedging. Proceeds will be used to prepay $196 million, a 5.28% secured debt originally scheduled to mature in October and December of 2019 and for general corporate purposes, leaving minimal debt maturities in 2019. At quarter end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, net of the commercial paper balance was $710 million. Our financial leverage was 34% on an un-depreciated book value, 24% on the enterprise value and 29% inclusive of joint ventures. Our consolidated net debt to EBITDA was 5.7 times and an inclusive of joint ventures, it was 6.3 times. We remain comfortable with our credit metrics and don't plan to actively lever up or down. With regard to the profile of our balance sheet, we will continue to look for NPV positive opportunities to improve our 4.9 year duration and increase the size of our unencumbered NOI pool. Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.3225 in the third quarter or $1.29 per share when annualized representing a yield of approximately 3.2% as of quarter end. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. With the development lease-ups, given the progress you continue to make, what's the earning on development in 2019 versus we expected impacts on 2018 results?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Nick. It's Joe. As we talked about previously, this year we're producing about a mid-two's FFO yield coming off of the $700 plus million dollars of consolidated development. That equates to about a penny of dilution this year relative to run rate. Next year, we think that's probably about a two-penny contribution as those assets continue to move towards stabilization, which will fully occur once we get on to 2020.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. I think you did the DCP deal in Philadelphia, is that the market you want to add exposure to?
Joe Fisher: Yes. So we already have one asset there within the existing joint venture. So that is a market we've operated on and tracked over time, but as we talked about a little bit more and more, we do have these predictive analytics models that show Philadelphia is screening relatively well over the next four to 10 years. So the addition of medical jobs, technology jobs, educational jobs, all continue to contribute to macro factors and industry-specific demand factors that screen pretty well to us. So this was a good way to enter the market through that $50 plus million DCP deal. Obviously, get a press [ph] upfront as well as back in participation. So it's something we continue to look at, but a good way for us to get a little bit more exposure to a good market.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. Are there any other markets you are underwriting deals and you currently don't own it? 
Joe Fisher: There is no other markets, and as I said, we do own in that market already, but there's no other markets that we're considering. And just as a quick reminder to you. From a modeling standpoint we do have $73 million that we announced that we committed to this quarter within DCP. I just want to remind everyone that those do fund over time similar to a typical development. So, you typically see about a four-quarter funding profile with those. I mean equity goes in first, followed by our commitment, followed by construction loan. So just from a modeling standpoint, that $73 million as a commitment comes in over time into earning. So, keep that in mind as you think out to 2019.
Nicholas Joseph: Thanks. Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi guys. I'm just hoping you could give your latest thoughts on supply and expectations for '19 deliveries versus '18 updates on slippage, in which you think you think are going to see meaningful declines your pickups and deliver year-over-year?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Juan, it's Joe. Good morning. So expectations for 2019 really haven't changed at this point. We've been talking about flat to down 10% in our markets overall. And just to remind on that process that we go through, we utilize the combination of third-party data, our permit base regression models, and then intelligence from the field. So when you roll those up, that flat 10% still feels appropriate at this point in time. I think that's further supported by looking at starts and permit activity, that is typically around 10% to 15% down on a national basis and that trend typically holds within our markets as well when we look across that. When you drop down to the MSA level, the markets that we probably see the larger increases in would be out on the West Coast, Inland Empire, L.A., Seattle, and then up in Nortel away from Oakland, and then on the East Coast you have D.C. that probably ticks up for us. And then in terms of markets that come down, the major by coastal markets New York City Boston and Orange County look to be coming down as well as a number of the Sunbelt markets with Denver, Nashville and Tampa coming down as well.
Juan Sanabria: Great. Thank you. And then in the other income line item, is that contributing to certain markets more than others? I know you guys would be more problematic about your parking and just thoughts on 2019 and the ability to sustain that going forward, the growth profile?
Jerry Davis: Yes, Juan, this is Jerry. It definitely contributes more towards some markets, Washington D.C. get a heavy dose of it this quarter, was up about -- other income was about 15%, so a bit higher than the average. But the two biggest markets are Seattle where other income was up 22% and Boston with about 24%. The largest growth tend to be in those by coastal markets where you get a significant contribution not only from parking but also from our short-term furnished rentals.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the time and the questions. So it looks like new lease growth was higher than renewals in a handful of your markets, such as San Francisco, Monterey, Orlando, do you see this occurrence as a short-term situation or is it perhaps more indicative of the strength of the multifamily market as we had in the 2019?
Thomas Toomey: It's probably more short term. You do tend to see as you've noted renewal rate growth tends to be higher and you're going to see seasonality kick in as you go into the fourth quarter. And during the fourth quarter as well as the first quarter you'll see renewal stay pretty static with where they are today but you'll see the fluctuations occur more on the new site. So I would expect that to come down. But I will tell you the markets have been performing well. Overall, we've seen an extended leasing period you know where market rents continue to grow through August, before subsiding somewhat in September. The prior two years market rents peaked in May for us so this is more of a normalized year. So yes we do see the rent side of the equation going into 2019 being a bit stronger than it was a year ago.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much for that I appreciate that. And Jerry, as a follow-up on recent calls you've highlighted the occupancy benefit you've had from short term rentals, but caution that seasonal reasons it could potentially drop call it 20 basis points to 25 basis points occupancy in the third quarter was the high end of your guidance stayed pretty high. So, have you seen any evidence of these short term renters moving out? Are they just continuing to stay longer or maybe how should we think about this potential occupancy the headwind from here?
Jerry Davis: They do move out there is definitely seasonality, we're probably running today with about half the level we had in the middle of summer and on it. So but, occupancy today is still just under 97% so we've kind of reloaded those people with a 12-month renters so I wouldn't expect to see a drop in our occupancy, but I will point out you did see our turnover pump a bit this quarter it was higher than it was last year's quarter by 40 basis points. And if you take out the effective short term rentals in both periods, turnover would have actually been down 60 basis points. So, it does have an impact on that but we are able as I just said to maintain that higher occupancy levels throughout the slower season.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Jerry Davis: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Hill: Hey, guys. How are you? So, look, you guys have put up a consistently great results quarter-after-quarter. And I'm wondering what could make you even more bullish from here or maybe more bearish, I'm thinking sort of about it on a micro market by market basis. We've seen some of your peers started to aspire ways from some markets maybe New York City. So I'm curious, if there's any market where you're more bullish on and what markets you might be less bearish or less bullish on them than previously?
Thomas Toomey: Yes. I'll start and either Harry or Joe can jump in or Tom. We see as you go into 2019 while all the markets that have performed well this year probably continue into the top end of our revenue growth whether it's Florida, Seattle, Monterey Peninsula, the weak markets I think probably stay weakish. While we see New York is getting a little more stable as evidenced by our results this quarter, it will still be one of our worst performing markets next year as the net new supply that delivers this year and early next year gets absorbed I think Baltimore and Austin both continue to be weakish next year. But I don't know if any of those are indications that we would either add to or exit markets based on short-term factors. Do you guys have anything to add?
Joe Fisher: No. I'd just say from the broader business standpoint perhaps Rich that covers the markets. In terms of what we're excited about on the transaction side, you've seen us continue to deploy capital and to develop our capital program; I think over the coming quarters, you'll hopefully see us harvest some gains out of the Wolff joint venture through several options that we have coming up there. I think we're going to see increasing options for traditional redevelopments, unit additions and things of that nature as well as we continue to try to find a way to stabilize out the development pipeline while maintaining discipline around the required returns so they were still pretty excited on the capital deployment front and of course sourcing net capital through dispositions and free cash flow. The only thing that would be somewhat worrisome that impacts all of us is of course rates going higher. So if you watch Fed funds rate, obviously with there's floating rate exposure and refinancing activity that doesn't eat - hit into growth over time, but I think we've done a good job of managing the debt maturity profile and getting ahead -- out of that to a great degree. So it's kind of the positive and negative just from the broader business front.
Richard Hill: Got it. And so, Joe, maybe just one quick follow-up on the development capital program, look, we've seen lenders continue to pull back, I'm wondering if you're seeing any pullback from maybe even the GSEs that's leading you to have a bigger competitive advantage and are you maybe more cautious on this the development program than you were a year ago or are you more positive just given more opportunity?
Joe Fisher: There could be definitely more opportunity out there to be had for us despite the fact that you see permits and starts activity coming down. What we talked about in past quarters, as the fact that the funnel is widened to a degree, as we've been out there pretty consistently for a couple of years now at this point, so the fact that we've been able to execute, we've been a good partner to a number of these developers and we are seeing more opportunities which allows you to pick and choose your points. In terms of your comments on the call the senior piece of the stack on the construction financing side or the perm piece of GSEs, construction financing really hasn't moved much since last quarter, where we talked about it, taken up a little bit, in terms of the loan to cost and seen spreads compress a little bit, but nothing meaningful and definitely not offsetting the increase in LIBOR that we've seen over the last couple of years.  And on the GSE front, they continue to be very active. I think they're on Phase 2 to again do $70 billion each. They're definitely the most competitive on the perm side. When you go out to a 10-year lower levered financing, you know, if you're going on the short-end side, the pension money, the bank money is probably a little bit more competitive, but we're typically looking out to longer duration when we're doing the fixed rate financing on the security side. 
Thomas Toomey: Great, Rich. This is Toomey. Couple things to add about the Developer Capital Program, I mean, Harry has done a good job of having a number of relationships there. And as you know after you closed the deal the first time with someone it's a lot easier the second time around. And so, you know we've got a pretty good net there to go fishing with and I think there'll be plenty of opportunities down the road should we want to expand that program and re-look at it. 
Richard Hill: Yes. Got it.
Harry Alcock: And to just kind of close it out, this is Harry. I remember equity capital has also come down. Joe talked a lot about debt capital coming down, which sort of creates the position, the capital stack for this type of investments. So, we continue to see opportunities going forward. And as Joe mentioned, a couple the Wolff options are coming up. So you'll see kind of a capital events meeting repayments a little over $40 million over the next few months, which - which does give us ample capacity to go back out and reload into new deals next year.
Richard Hill: Got it. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hey, guys. Quick one on - on market exposure, you talked about the DC lightening up exposure there being temporary. You've mentioned Philly being interesting. I think you've talked about downtown L.A. over time. So just curious what markets maybe you feel like you're a little overextended in today or even looking to exit that could be source of the capital as you re-up or enter some of these other markets?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Austin, it's Joe. In terms of market exposures, I'd say that the kind of way we look at is really where we can deploy capital into and we're going to focus the resources. From a disposition standpoint, we're only going to source $200 million or $300 million a year. So, one or two assets per year, so, there's often times more asset-specific reasons as opposed to MSA-specific reasons like in the case of DC that we may choose to exit an asset. In terms of the DC exposure overall, we are overweight relative to the peer index. I think we have the most exposure there to that market, but we continue to like having that exposure, given expectations for the market as well as the long-term stability that it provides. Philly is another one we are looking at. And I think if you look across some of our other DCP deals that we did in the quarter, we did one out in Santa Monica and L.A. that continues to be a market that we'd like to try to add a little bit more to. We did a deal in Orlando, which screens well to us as well. So, I think if you kind of follow our activity here over the next year or so, you'll see us deploying our resources and our capital in the markets that we see as appealing, but there's really no markets that we're necessarily looking to exit today or do any wholesale portfolio shift. 
Austin Wurschmidt: Thanks for that. And then sticking maybe with DC and then taking a little more broadly, but you mentioned at densification opportunity there, just curious across the portfolio or one where specifically in DC are the opportunities today? And then how big of an opportunity is that across the portfolio and how do those returns stack up versus newly sourced land that you've said -- you've cited it being much more difficult?
Harry Alcock: Yes, this is Harry. I think we've got a couple opportunities in DC and I guess it's probably easier to talk about those once they become reality as you can imagine. Each of those much like any development require some level of approval at the city level I think across the portfolio we have several hundred units of opportunity. It doesn't mean that they're all going to hit, but just to size it's that type of thing. And just in terms of understanding the economics, typically if land is, call it, 15% to 25% of your total development cost, land and lease is somewhere between zero or in the case of some of these densification opportunities we may have to tear down some buildings but we'll get a very, very high ratio of new units to units torn down. So the effective land basis will be quite low. So the overall return should be meaningfully higher. I mean, if you figure, your overall cost is 15% to 20% lower, that 75 basis point to 100 basis point premium over sort of traditional ground-up development.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks for the detail, Harry.
Harry Alcock: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: Good afternoon, guys. You've covered a lot of ground on the call already but I'm just throwing this out to the group to see if you can refine some of the trends in move-out for home purchases. And I know Jerry you gave out some stats on that earlier. But just have you noticed any changes maybe across markets or between suburban and urban? And maybe in light of mortgage rates going up and changes from last year's tax law changes, anything that we should be paying attention to?
Jerry Davis: Honestly, no. Move-outs to home prices are pretty flat over the last year at about 12% of the reasons for move-outs. And when you look at the markets where you have a higher percentage for move-out, it's the ones you would expect which is typically a Sunbelt Suburban and the ones with the least move outs to home purchase tend to be the urban coastals, so no real changes.
Rich Hightower: Okay. That's helpful. And then just with respect to personnel expense being down year-over-year -- in the year-to-date period, how long can you kind of continue that runway given the labor tightness and how much -- how are you offsetting that in terms of efficiencies maybe just a little more detail around the puts and takes there?
Jerry Davis: Sure. Yes. I mean first thing I'd say is we did give our employees typical performance raises last year in that 3% range. So if we had been able to find efficiency, we would have seen that number growing by at least 3%. I guess let's start with that. What we've really done is analyzed the benefits at times of either outsourcing or automating some functions in a way that it doesn't impact our resident base and I think we'd be able to kind of revenue growth and the satisfaction our residents are showing us by renewing in a high rate. There is no impact on them. But I think by -- those deltas of ways to make our teams more efficient and on natural attrition being able to at time they outsourced, it's been helpful. The other thing we've been able to do is create opportunities for higher level operating team members to manage multiple properties. So it creates an opportunity for them. So I think we're still in the early stages of working on this. We started last year looking hard at it. We've continued to look this year but I think the automated platform that we've introduced years ago where our residents have shown us that they prefer self-service has benefited us. I think, as we move into our future, there's going to be some more opportunities. So, I don't think it's just this year. I think we'll be able to consistently find some ways to continually create efficiency.
Thomas Toomey: And Rich, a lot of what Jerry's reaping the benefits of today was really launched about four years ago when he did a time motion study for most of the workforce. It really determined what standards were for all the functions we perform. And now you go through all of that analytics and you really come back with what's the right operating model for the future. And with the right technology, self-served template on top of it, you're going to see this continue to take over our business and people as you can imagine are at a high variable, at a high cost structure associated with them and we're going to find ways to make everybody more efficient.
Rich Hightower: Got it. Thanks for the color, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Babin with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Babin: Very good morning. A quick follow-up on Pacific City, you talked about occupancy kind of trending in line with where you expected to be, but didn't talk as much about rate. I was just curious where rate is relative to initial expectations. And then quickly just on both 345 Harrison Street and Pacific City, should we think of these projects as stabilizing kind of by the end of next year or maybe the dates there?
Thomas Toomey: Yes, the current rates on Pacific City are, call it 365 to 370. So, just a hair under what we've trended in our original underwriting, but not much. And I would say on the stabilization, I think you're going both of the deals either stabilized you know closer to the first quarter. You know when you think about 345 Harrison, one thing I would point out, while we were at 74% leased at the end of the quarter, 10% of that property has affordable units that were still going through the lottery process with the city. And we should have that 10% moved in early in the first quarter. So that property is not exceedingly well as rents in the 540 or so range. So Pacific City you know we're- we're continuing to lease well, but we're at over a year into the lease up on this. So, you're having to backfill for some amount at the same time, but we would expect that will also stabilize give or take year-end.
Joe Fisher: Drew, this is Joe. Just to clarify on that in terms of giving you a little bit more color on the actual yields. So in 1Q 2020 which Jerry was referring to on the stabilization quarter, we think the overall pipeline stabilize in the high-fives. So you have a 345 Harrison and probably six in a quarter range; Pac City in the 5.5 range; and then our two assets on the joint venture [technical difficulty] also stabilize now which will be in - in the mid-sixes and Vision in the mid-fives, so, overall when you look at it somewhere in the high-five stabilization out in 2002 - stabilization out in 2020.
Drew Babin: Okay. Very helpful. And last question here just on the MetLife JV can you talk at all about kind of the - whether you saw some sequential or -- sorry, year-over-year improvement in leasing trends as you did in the consolidated portfolio kind of 2Q and 3Q? They seem blended lease rates trending better than they were at this time last year within the JVs.
Thomas Toomey: Yes. They are up a bit, not as pronounced as in the same-stores I don't have the data in front of me on a property by property basis. But you can see in the 3Q versus 3Q last year on Attachment 12 they - the revenue popped up to growing by 1.6% which are still not at the level of our same-store, it's quite an improvement from - over last quarter. You've still got certain properties in that portfolio whether it's Columbus Square in the Upper West Side, which is almost 20% of the JV. That one is coming in slightly negative and then you've got a few other - the properties that are combating new supply, so they don't have as much pricing power. And those are deals in Downtown Denver, the East Village, San Diego, as well as our - some of our Addison properties in Dallas. 
Drew Babin: Okay, great. That's all from me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Good morning. Good morning out there. Jerry, first question is, it's been a trend you commented on, on turnover being lower if you adjust for the expirations in the quarter and it's certainly been an industry trend. But on the other hand, you hear about endless amount of companies trying to find employees and unable to find workers. So how do we rationalize that that there seems to be a lot of companies that are looking for workers and yet turnover in the apartments is down. I would think that if companies are competing that workers are being moving around with certain turnover increase but that's not what we're seeing. What are you guys seeing at the property level for residents, are they not job hopping or what do you guys think is driving you? 
Thomas Toomey: I think you're still seeing job hopping but I see frequently because there's so much demand for employees in pretty much all of our markets. We're not really having pretty much all of our markets, do not really have in the lean the cities they live in to find new jobs. 
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. With -- you have an older rental base, there's 37 years old, they tend not to hop as much. Two, mass transportation infrastructure is making it lot easier to get from one side of a city to another, so I think there's a number of contributing factors, and it's a paid and it has to move.
Thomas Toomey: Yes.
Alexander Goldfarb: It is a pay I'm excited.
Thomas Toomey: Yes. So I think there's a few things to keep turnover down. I think one is I think we're all addressing each more and providing better customer service, but I think the other thing is in a lot of our markets you're not seeing this a rationale pricing that came into our phase in 2017 and 2016 where people are offered two month freight, that will lower people out even if there is payment we estimated. So, I think with the one month free that normalize pricing methodology, if you're keeping your residents happy, they're going to stick with you longer.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then second question is, New York you mentioned that it was still one of your weaker markets, and just sort of curious now that you've had a few of your peers, sell some 421as and you can see what pricing is. Do you think that you may consider selling some of your 421a assets and maybe lightening your exposure to New York or your view of your holdings in New York is unchanged? 
Joe Fisher: Hey, Alex, this is Joe. Just over the comment that the buy sell decision on a markets going to be independent of the 421 aspect, like any buyers going to account for that within their underwriting and therefore the pricing that we received. So it's not going to be a 421 driven decision. But New York as a whole you mentioned is been a little bit sluggish in years of late. But when we look at the macro drivers and the fundamental specific drivers put New York, we do think we're getting on to a period now where rent growth is not necessarily correlated well with the improvement in the market overall. And so, I think you will see a period going forward not necessarily next year, but over the next four years or so where New York starts to live from an underperformer to potentially an outperformer. So, given that, I don't think you'll see us lighten up on New York. That also say as we talk about we're looking at redevelopment opportunities. New York is included in that basket. So, hopefully we can find something that makes sense of there in New York and get some additional capital deployed. The last piece of course is the qualitative factors of what's taking place with New York Senate and whether or not that flips to more left leaning and therefore more focus on the affordable or the rent stabilized piece the business as part of our discussions. But at this point, it's still up in the air. So, we're waiting to see what takes place in the next week or so.
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes, I mean the rent control thing is obviously I think it's underappreciated, but it's potentially a big issue. So, I appreciate your comments, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Steven with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Steven: Good day, guys. Jerry, you're beating the peers pretty handily in Seattle in terms of same-store revenue growth, other than of course just being better operators. Is this the other income thing? Is it a B versus A thing, a sub-market thing or something else? 
Jerry Davis: All the above.
Thomas Toomey: Yes, I'd say it's all the above. A lot of it is we're more east side than west side and a lot of supply is at the west side. But I do think this other income is a significant factor, it probably added 200 basis points to our growth this year. So, I think that's a fairly sizable. And I would tell you, we have an exceptional operating team that's been together for a long time in Seattle. So, I think that local regional team is the best in this sector.
Rob Steven: Okay. And then, Joe or Harry on your last summary page, you've got another project in Boston if you can do one in Dublin and then it looks like all the other land is in Addison in and out of the MetLife JV. At current construction cost that any of these projects currently meet desired returns thresholds? And then, I guess given that you just completed 383 units in Vitruvian, how are you thinking about that market in the number of units that you'd want to bring online over there over the next couple of years given the levels of supply in the greater market? 
Harry Alcock: Rob, it's Harry. So just in looking at the land sites at the Dublin land we've been working on for a long time, our - our hope is that we can get to economics that would compel the construction start here in the relatively near future, but we're still working on that. Vitruvian, remember the 383 units we leased that in about six months. So that we were - we were leasing that at about 60 units per month. So we're actively working on the next two phases there with an expectation that we could start construction on those sometime next year assuming the economics work. But remember, we leased it up very quickly. It rents that we increased 3 times or 4 times through the lease-up period. So it -- that when leased up very well, which - which speaks to the demand that exists in that submarket at that price point, which is a relatively affordable price point significantly below the - the other three projects that we built there and significantly below for example uptown rents. 
Rob Steven: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
John Kim: Good morning. On your DCP program, can you just remind us what percentage of the investments you make you underwrite to potentially own
Thomas Toomey: Yes, John that's -- that what are the parameters, every time we go into a developer capital program is that we're going to underwrite it as if we are the ultimate owner. We want to make sure we're investing in real estate submarkets and markets that we do want to own. In terms of our actual hit rates, over time, we've had a couple of successes coming out of the Denver deal here. In terms of Steele Creek, we also had several others -- that we've been able to execute on and we mentioned a couple of coming within walls that we think we'll be able to execute on and when the market value is greater than the option price. When you go down to the DCP other Section down on 12(b) those other southern investments, none of those have explicit options that we're able to exercise on. You do have two of them that have back end participation, so we do have participation in those economics above and beyond the fixed rate that we receive. But we think, we do get a seat at the table by seeing the operating trends being in a position in the capital stack and having the existing relationship with the equity. Hopefully, we have an opportunity over time to get into some of those assets but the maturity profile of on those are still three, four, or five years away. So we've got some time on those.
John Kim: Thank you for that. And Jerry, you mentioned technology in that initiative that has contributed to your personnel cost and I'm just wondering if you could provide any color on other discussions you're having with companies that may impact your business over the next few years?
Jerry Davis: Yes I think over the next couple of years, you're going to see us you know probably start to implement more slowly - start to implement more smart home technology into our units. You know I think the good thing about that is something that residents from pay for because it does make their life much more convenient it's also something that makes our workforce much more efficient. And I guess lastly, I think it's going to tie in as we start to explore more self-guided touring, which we believe a large majority of our residents we'd prefer to do it's going to make it easier for them to get around our communities. So I think you're going to see advances in all of those aspects.
John Kim: Thank you.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of John Guinee with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
John Guinee: John Guinee, thank you. Just a curiosity question, you invested about $8.8 million in Santa Monica 66 unit property that was very, very, very if not impossible to develop in Santa Monica. So, I'm just curious about the sort of the history of that deal? And why you would be able to attain a 12% return for four years on that deal, which seems like pretty rich returns?
Harry Alcock: So, John this is Harry. So, the history that the history that the developer were working with on that one has developed probably half a dozen deals in the city of Santa Monica so he has a long history of success in finding landsides getting landsides entitled they are working them through the very lengthy entitlement process getting to a point where he can actually pull a permit and begin construction. So, that's sort of the developer background. In terms of the returns remember, this is a fixed return. We actually took a position in the capital stack and this one that was relatively lower than in most of our other deals whereas typically we go up to 85% of cost. In this one, just given that the returns are going to be relatively lower given high cost even in a high-rent market, we kept that out at about 79%. So, even with that 12% coupon over three to four years, we have sufficient cushion in order to make this a viable investment.
John Guinee: And then any thoughts on what the total development cost per unit is for that particular development?
Harry Alcock: It's close to a $1 million a unit.
John Guinee: Ouch. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Tayo Okusanya: Yes, good afternoon. A couple of quick ones for me, first of all the outlook for New York in 2019, and just kind of given some of the industry data talking about deliveries will be much less than 2019 versus 2018, how are you thinking about in New York instead of being a drag as it is right now maybe being more of a positive contributor in 2019? 
Jerry Davis: Hi, Tayo, this is Jerry. I mean you're right we see the same slowdown in deliveries that the units that have delivered this year as well as the ones that will next year, still have to get absorbed and heavy percentage of those are in Brooklyn as well as the Long Island City as you know and they're going to compete more directly against our lower price Manhattan product down in the financial district as well as Murray Hill. So you know we do see New York continuing to be one of our lower revenue producers next year. This year we're going to come in a slightly positive. I think it's probably going to improve a bit next year. But you know as Joe said earlier, we like the long term prospects for New York, but I don't think it really comes to play in 2019 by a great measure.
Tayo Okusanya: Okay. That's helpful. And then I may have missed it, but did you make any commentary earlier about kind of profit and given the vote just around the corner?
Joe Fisher: Hey Tayo, it's Joe. We did not come on it, as we mentioned it is right around the corner, so the next week we'll either have a lot more to talk about or significantly less than they read. But we are happy with the polling that we've seen that you've seen and been on top of. So we're happy to see that the messaging by the coalition seems to be taking hold and that -- we don't think the solution to the affordability issue or the housing issue in California is one of rent control and one that drives less future supply. So, we'll see where it takes us in the next seven days, but hopefully we have less to talk about next week.
Tayo Okusanya: Got you. And then just indulge me one more, Joe just your comment -- as you earned about in risk reward, attractive risk rewards, as you think about it will be a difference in this line, on a risk reward adjusted basis. So just help me kind of rank what you're finding most attractive right now or that's re-debts or what have, or what you're finding lease attractive? 
Joe Fisher: Yes. So we're going to look at it in terms of total return relative to risk opportunity but also total dollar size. So if you go into the big dollar ticket items, meaning acquisitions, development, DCP, acquisitions would rate lowest on that opportunity set aside from the two upcoming options that we think are in the money with Wolf. Next up would be development, where we continue to have desire to deploy capital and Harry mentioned a couple of opportunities on balance sheet as well as densification opportunities that we think we have line of sight on and we'll continue to work through the cost process there and make sure they hit our return hurdles. Then DCP, you've seen throughout the years we've taken down development and land acquisition expectations and rotated those dollars over to DCP that kind of gives you a sense where we think the best risk -adjusted return is. On the smaller ticket items, meaning de-debt in additions revenue enhancing, we saw plenty of opportunities there. There's not as big of dollars. So, we still have more work to do there and hopefully more to announce in the next 12 months.
Tayo Okusanya: All right. Thanks. Thank you.
Joe Fisher: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Anderson: Sorry to keep things going; just a couple of questions. Joe, when you mentioned as much as down 10% next year on supply, was that factoring in some sort of slippage assumption? 
Thomas Toomey: Yes, correct, Rich. It's similar to how we thought about it this year. We are looking at -- supply and permitting activity and our local expectations apply some slippage factor, approximately 10% or so within our markets that led to the [ph] down 10 has slippage in there. 
Rich Anderson: Okay.
Thomas Toomey: As well as an assumption that we [technical difficulty] some slippage from the last couple of months of this year into next year.
Rich Anderson: Okay. So, parlaying that into next year down - to hold everything else constant or lower supply market would be good, fundamentally speaking. The other variable of course is on the demand side. Is there anything about 2019 coming up where you have sort of line of sight into some disruption on demand side whether it's millennials getting older and perhaps being more inclined to start families or do you feel when you net it all out that 2019 starts to look like an incrementally better year than '18?
Thomas Toomey: No. I don't think -- about millennials getting older or changes in life preferences. I don't believe there's anything on the horizon on that front given that you've seen home price appreciation over the last three or four years, average 5% to 6% relative to rents in the 2% to 3% range and you've seen 30-year mortgage rates go up about 100 basis points, they are 20%. So, the relative affordability trade between housing and multi-family housing obviously tilts to our side. So, I think demand side on that front remains steady. And then on the overall job growth, wage growth front, I think you're running up against tougher comps on full employment. So job growth may come down. But I think what we've seen is wage growth continued to outpace and offset that. So you probably have a overall demand or total income growth, the next kind of that slightly down supply, you probably have total income slightly down from this year and staying kind of this phase of equilibrium, so longer term kind of inflation…
Rich Anderson: Okay. And last question, if you guys ever done any sort of correlation between how changes in supply impact changes in same-store revenue growth over your long history as a public company? And if you can, can you just whip up a quick hour of them for us right now, I'm sure you can do that on your -- I thought you would…
Thomas Toomey: It's clearly one of the factors that we consider when we think about both the near-term -- near-term demand and supply and prospects of rent growth but we haven't done a true correlation of supply relative to rent growth, we bring it on too. So it's not a standalone factor, to be subtle.
Rich Anderson: Yes. Okay. Fair enough.
Thomas Toomey: Yes. I'm sure he will. I don't have an algorithm. I do have 30-plus years of doing this. And what I would tell you is striking for me is the amount of data that's available on starts and financing and that transparency has made the market more efficient and more responsive. And so the eras in the 1970s and 1980s where we would overbuild a market and then suffer through occupancy drops of 15%, 20% seem to be something of the past. And the market's much more responsive, anticipatory, if you will, towards supply equation. So I don't see it's derailing us. And even if you look at this last couple of years where supply peaked up few markets, to be very seldom ever went negative on rents. So, I don't see the same dynamic threat that it has been in the past. And you know we'll just keep diligently gin in for opportunities.
Rich Anderson: But likewise your ability to grow rents on annual basis perhaps is more of a C type -- CPI plus type of business rather than ever casting double-digits again. Would you agree with that as well?
Thomas Toomey: So I think that's a little bit different because you look at markets like Seattle where new dynamic companies and cities were almost regenerated. So, there is going to be a lot more differentiation around the future around where capital is formed, what companies, what their hiring patterns are and I think we have going for us the most is demographics. I mean, this wave of millennials right behind it is a wave of similar size and scope that's coming through and probably going to even have a higher acceptance of renting for longer periods? So, when we look at this we kind of look and say boy, I used to think all the millennials are going to age out and go out and get three bedroom, two bath homes in the suburbs. There's going to be a wide group of people refilling those slots if that does come to fruition. So, it looks for us like a long inning game maybe not 2018 like we just saw last week, but it will be a long running game.
Rich Anderson: All right. Sounds good. Thanks guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions left in the queue. So, I'd like to hand the call back over to Chairman, CEO, and President Mr. Toomey for closing remarks.
Thomas Toomey: Well. Thank you. And first, thanks all of you for your time and interest in UDR today. As I started out the call business is very good and we are certainly grateful for all our associates and the teamwork that they have put in this year and look forward to closing out the year and get into a strong 2019. And we look forward to seeing many of you in San Francisco, next week. And with that, take care.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Van Ens - Vice President Thomas Toomey - Chairman, CEO and President Jerry Davis - Chief Operating Officer Joseph Fisher - Chief Financial Officer Warren Troupe - SEVP, Corporate Compliance Officer & Secretary Harry Alcock - CIO and SVP
Analysts: Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Nick Joseph - Citi Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley Rob Stevenson - Janney Montgomery Scott John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Drew Babin - Robert W. Baird & Co Rich Hightower - Evercore ISI Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the UDR Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President, Chris Van Ens. Thank you, Mr. Van Ens. You may begin.
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to UDR’s Quarterly Financial Results Conference Call. Our quarterly press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question and answer portion, we ask you very respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions and follow ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call.  I will now turn the call over to UDR’s Chairman, CEO and President, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and welcome to UDR’s Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. We again reported strong results during the second quarter and feel good about our business for the balance of 2018. Therefore, we raised full year 2018 same-store revenue and NOI growth guidance expectations, as well as FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance ranges. The drivers of these increases will be discussed by Jerry and Joe in detail in there prepared remarks. But in summary, through the first half of the year, blended lease rate have trended above original guidance. Our lease-up communities have produced results ahead of initial expectations and our investment in accretive developer capital program is producing the return we underwritten. With the prime leasing season now more than half over, we are confident in our ability to continue to produce steady results throughout the remainder of 2018. Looking into 2019, we are optimistic in our prospects given the increased probability for better year-over-year revenue earnings and the anticipated improvement in bottom-line contribution from development activities. From a capital allocation standpoint, we remain flexible and will continue to invest in uses that provide the best risk-adjusted return within the confines of our annual sources and uses plan. Last, a special thanks to all our UDR associates for their continued hard work to produce another solid quarter results. We look forward to the same for the remainder of 2018. And with that, I will turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. We’re pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results. Second quarter year-over-year revenue and NOI growth for our same-store pool, which represents approximately 85% of total NOI, were up 3.4% and 3.5%, respectively. During the quarter, we posted solid blended lease rate growth of 3.8%, a robust top-line contribution from our long-lived operating and technology initiatives and continued to rein and controllable expense growth. First, year-over-year blended lease rate growth for the quarter was 20 basis point higher than during the same period last year. While this positive spread did not widen versus what was realized during the first quarter, market rents exhibited typical seasonality during June and July by continuing to accelerate, something we did not see during 2017 when market rents from our same store portfolio peaked in late May. Second, our other income grew by 11% in the quarter. As in past quarters, this was driven by revenue-generating initiatives, specifically parking, which increased by 22%, and our shorter-term leasing program, which continues to outpace initial expectations. This focus on monetizing our real estate in innovative ways is a recurring differentiator and a meaningful driver of incremental growth.  Third, year-over-year turnover continues to decline. Year to-date, annualized turnover is down 160 basis points, and acceleration from the first quarter is 120 basis point decline. This is especially impressive given that our short-term leasing initiative should result in higher turnover. Four, while we feel pressure from real estate tax increases for at least the next couple of years, our focus on driving efficiencies throughout our expense back continues to yield strong results. During the quarter, controllable expense growth declined 0.2% year-over-year as we have been able to find efficiencies insight-level staffing, benefit from reduced resident turnover, invest in energy-saving capital expenditures and drive down marketing cost while still growing occupancy 30 basis points year over year. We see a long runway for future expense growth mitigation via technological initiatives and process enhancements. And fifth rent concessions during the quarter were 29% lower than last year and gift card expense was down 54%. Throughout the first half of 2018, the pricing environment for lease-ups remains more rational than during 2016 or 2017. These encouraging signs for the prospects of our business, when combined with our 97% occupancy, set us up well for the remainder of 2018 and gave us the confidence to raise the bottom end of our full year same store guidance ranges. A year-to-date revenue and NOI growth through six months was 3.2% and 3.1% respectively, just below our upwardly revised midpoint of 3.25%. For 2019, we are optimistic that if current leasing trends hold, our year-end operating earn in will compare favorably to that of 2018.  Next, a quick overview of our markets. Similar to the first quarter, majority of our markets are performing in line with expectations with a few exceptions. The Florida markets, San Francisco and Boston have outperformed versus original forecast, while Austin and New York continue to struggle as a result of new supply pressures. Regarding New York, we continue to forecast slightly positive top-line growth for the market in 2018, despite a negative year-to-date result. Moving on, we saw minimal pressure from move-outs to home purchase or rent increase at 12% and 7% of reasons for move-out during the second quarter. Likewise, net bad debt, which is write-offs offset by collections, was 0 for the quarter. All are at levels consistent with previous quarters.  Last, our development pipeline in aggregate continues to generate lease rates and leasing velocities, in line with two slightly ahead of original expectations. At 345 Harrison, our 585-home $367 million project in Boston, we ended the quarter 59% leased and are 64% leased today, after only been open for 11 weeks. This when combined with rental rates that are in line with original underwriting expectations is a phenomenal result. We remain enthused by 345’s progress in its anticipated contribution to 2019. At our $350 million 516-home Pacific City development in Huntington Beach, velocity averaged 34 leases per month during the quarter. We ended the quarter at 68% leased and sit at 70% today.  Our two JV developments totaling $94 million and pro rata spend remain on budget and on schedule. Our suburban midrise community located in Addison, Texas, at Vitruvian West continues to be a homerun, performing well in excess of underwriting expectations in terms of rents and especially leasing velocity. Our vision on Wilshire community located in Los Angeles is a higher price point community and is performing in line with forecast. Quarter-end lease-up statistics are available on Attachment 9 of our supplement.  Finally, I would like to again thank all of our associates in the field and at corporate for another strong quarter. With that I'll turn it over to Joe. 
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include: our second quarter results and guidance, a development and investments update and a balance sheet update. Our second quarter earnings results came in at the high end of our previously provided guidance ranges. FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.49 and $0.45, respectively. Second quarter AFFO was up $0.02 or 5% year-over-year, driven by strong same-store performance, lease-up performance and accretive investments into our developer capital program. I would now like to direct you to Attachment 15 of our supplement, which details our latest guidance assumptions. We have increased full year 2018 FFO per share to a $93 to a $96 and AFFO per share to a $78 to $81. Primary drivers of the increases included: upside from our store portfolio and improved contribution from our lease-up properties and additional accretion from expanded DCP deployment.  Full year 2018 same-store revenue expense and NOI growth guidance ranges were each increased by 25 basis points at the midpoint to 3% to 3.5%. Year to-date, blended lease rate growth outperformance probably upside to top-line guidance, or non-controllable expense pressures increased our expense growth guidance. For the third quarter our guidance ranges are $0.48 to $0.50 for FFO and $0.43 to $0.45 for AFFO. Next, development and investments. We continue to work towards stabilizing our development pipeline from $400 million to $600 million. But we have indicated in past quarters, sourcing economical land remains difficult given the disparity between construction cost increases and rent growth in most markets. As a result of our unwillingness to lower required return thresholds, we reduced our development and land acquisition spend guidance on Attachment 15, while increasing our DCP spend, where we see more opportunities. Big picture, we will continue to pivot on our capital allocation strategy to take advantage of the best risk-adjusted returns as long as those opportunities continue to meet our hurdles within the context of our annual sources and uses plan. Regarding redevelopment contribution to our earnings. In 2018, $716 million of wholly owned projects are in lease-up at an FFO yield that will average in the mid-2s. In 2019 and 2020, we anticipate this yield will improve toward stabilization. Next capital markets and balance sheet. At quarter end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, net of the commercial paper balance, was $771 million. Our financial leverage was 33.4% on an underappreciated book value, 25.2% on enterprise value and 30%, inclusive of joint ventures. Our consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA RE was 5.7 times, and inclusive of joint ventures, it was 6.3 times. We remain comfortable with our credit metrics and don’t plan to actively lever up or down. With regard to the profile of our balance sheet, we will continue to look for NPV positive opportunities to improve our 4.8-year duration and increase the size of our unencumbered NOI pool. Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.3225 in the second quarter or $1.29 per share when annualized; representing a yield of approximately 3.4% as of quarter end. With that, I’ll open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Juan Sanabria with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Just hoping you us your latest thoughts on supply. There have clearly been some slippages in years past, but if you can give us a sense of what you're seeing in terms of '19 versus '18 deliveries and any major movements across markets that you could highlight would be fantastic?
Joseph Fisher: Juan, this is Joe. So I would say overall our expectations really haven't changed in this point from the last couple of quarters. We have factoring in an expectation of slippage throughout the year. So when we are talking, we talking about 2019 being flat to down 10%. That's already incorporated that number. So through a combination of working on third-party data, looking at our internal regression models, then of course talking to our people in the field and get a better sense for where is that, stepping flat to down 10% works. When you think about the markets that are going to increase and decrease potentially, the increases for us look like probably Bay area and DC, whereas the decreases are going to be our two Florida markets, our two Texas markets as well as New York City and Orange County. 
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then just on the revenues that you guys talked about ‘19 and improving based on the earn at the end of the year at the start of '19. Could you just give us a sense of kind of from an earning perspective where you are today and kind of what guidance applies to end of year out versus where you ended last year out?
Jerry Davis: Juan, this is Jerry, I don't have that number for the earn in as of today, but one thing I wouldn't want to put down and why we said that to be expecting our net to probably be higher as you get to the end of '18 and '17. So when you look at market rent growth, I had this in my prepared remarks, but the market rent peaked last year's well as 2016 in the month of May. We saw acceleration from May to June and then we’re just now closing our July books. We're seeing continuing acceleration. So we're getting back to this seasonality that was more typical throughout the early 2010 to 2015 level, when market rents just continually went up through July or August then started to slide back down in the back three or four months of the year, last year being an aberration. So when you look at the earning to next year, a lot of that is built throughout prime leasing seasons which we're roughly halfway through right now. So that's why we feel better as we lead into next year, our expectation given what we're sending out for renewals and what we seen for available rents going forward is that you're going to see a continuation of what that normal seasonality rather than the 2016-‘17 scenarios were.
Juan Sanabria: Great. Do mind sharing the July stats for the new rent renewals?
Jerry Davis: July is in the mid-2s for new, and it's in the high fours force renewals.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please proceed with your question. 
Nick Joseph: Thanks. On development key factor what you're seeing then you’re desired effect of the pipeline. One in the event you don't have any new starts, how do you reallocate or adjust resources from an organizational standpoint?
Joseph Fisher: Hey, Nick. It's Joe. I'll kick it off and then pass it over to Harry. I think if you take a look in the supplemental on Attachment 15, you'll see once again just like last quarter, we did take down our development funding expectations slightly and reallocated that over to the developer capital program. So I think that gives you a little bit of sense for how we're thinking about the opportunity set on both those as well as the risk-adjusted returns. So we do continue to have a decent amount of capacity on DCP. We continue to see opportunities there and we'll continue to focus on that area and think we'll probably have a couple of things hit here in the next six, 12, 18 months.  On the development side you saw in my prepared remarks, we think by later in 2019 will probably stabilize out of that 400 to 600 range, and as a reminder we're going from 800 million today which is 96% or so funded down to zero relatively quickly. Do backfilling with a number of deals and I'll let Harry kind of take it over in terms of what those deals are and kind of opportunities there moving forward.
Jerry Davis: Yes, Nick, I mean you know you hear it from everyone else, the market's difficult right now, market prices are increasing faster than rent, so it -- which tends to stress development yield somewhat. Within our existing lands that we have a property in Dublin that we expect to start, we’ve got next place. We’ve got a property in Denver that we talked about that's tied up and a couple of others that we’re working on that gives us comforter confidence that will be back up into that $400 million to $600 million range throughout ’19. I will tell you that we continue to believe the change that our underwriting program. We underwrite each asset until merit using revenue cost, direct growth assumptions that we believe are appropriate, while maintaining our target 150 to 200 basis point spread. 
Nick Joseph: Thanks. But to shift more maybe to DCP. Is there still soft target of about $300 million for that? Or could you see that moving up as well?
Thomas Toomey: I think it’s really going to depend on the opportunities that moving forward. So we have a 180 million today, we have additional funding of 30 million with the pre-existing pipeline. So at least a 100 million to get to that soft target, but as we have talked about, there's a number of other factors that go into it. So as those deals come in and we think about our sources and uses, the alternative uses that we have out there are opportunities, you could see a drift higher, you could see it not get to that 309 million level, but we will take a deal by deal and then talk about with you guys as they come in.
Nick Joseph: Thanks, maybe quickly on occupancy. It looks like 2Q same-store occupancy at 97% maybe an all-time high. First half was almost 97%, you maintained the guidance for the year, which implies slightly lowered in the back half of the year. Is there something specific that you're doing or expecting that would result in that lower occupancy is just an assumption that these high levels can't be maintained?
Thomas Toomey: I think the high levels -again, you’ve out this period for last several months, I would point out a couple of things. Occupancy gets prompt by our short-term furnished rental program, which adds probably 20 to 25 basis points to that occupancy level and those types of rentals have a bit of seasonality. So I would expect as that you continue with the drift a bit. The other thing is that when we’re looking at our revenue for the year, we’re cognizant as Joe said earlier that I think that the back half of 2018 is going to have more deliveries in first half. We’re just a little cautious as we look at the back half of the year how directly or getting be impact by those deliveries. Right now, occupancy to-date still at 96.9 or so. So it’s hold enough very well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Austin Wurschmidt: You’ve talked our abound some of the challenges you’ve faced in New York City due to supply? We've seen some peers of yours opportunistically reduce their exposure evaluate reducing our exposure to Manhattan because I’m just curious if that's something that you guys would consider. 
Joseph Fisher: Austin, it’s Joe. We would definitely consider reducing it. However, when you look at where we think the market is going over time we’ve actually seen New York job relative to our initial expectations supplies to the upside this year. And then if you look at supply, I think everyone's well aware that supply expectations in 2019 should start to come down fairly dramatically. So while the market is still relatively weaker within our markets today, and could still be next year, we think we do have a little bit of an acceleration story over the next 2 to 3 years there. But it is a market that if we didn't like the prospects longer term, we would absolutely take a look at reducing thatbut maintaining cape market, with exposure relative to peers today make sense.
Austin Wurschmidt: And then separately, in the context of prior conversations around entrance into new markets, we talked a little bit about Philadelphia as maybe an opportunity. So just curious if you could provide an update on that front and some details as to your thoughts on how you would enter a new market and maybe whatkind of exposure you would take longer term?
Thomas Toomey: Yes, overarching kind of portfolio strategy is, of course, the view that we are going to maintain specification across plus or minus 20 markets, et cetera. So you mentioned Philadelphia there, which we have been taking a look at, and I do want to remind everyone that’s not necessarily a new market. We have a pre-existing asset there within the jointventure and so become active in the margins. We have boots on the ground. We are looking at potential develop our capital program transaction within that market. It’s a market that from a job perspective, whether you look at medical or educational, screens positively there. If you look at technology opportunities, it is starting to gain more of its fair share of tech jobs. Obviously, job growth and kind of rent growth over the longtermrelatively stable and volatility relative to some of the other coastal markets. So we like it on that aspect. And then within our predictive analytics models, it does actually screen okay. So there's a number of factors that are positive there. But again, we are thinking about kind of DCP context as we look to potentially expand a little bit in that market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Hill: I want to circle back to the development pipeline. I noticed that you mentioned that all you development pipeline was in lease up. How are you thinking about your development pipeline going forward? And look, if development was to shut off today entirely, in your view that you can continue to grow this trajectory that we have seen over the past couple of quarters?
Thomas Toomey: As I go back to the prepared remarks and then a couple of comments that we had a few minutes ago, we really don't expect it to go all the way to zero or may temporarily go there for a quarter or two. As Harry mentioned between the double parcel we have, the Denver parcel we have under contract, the Vitruvian parcels that we have within the joint venture as well as visibility on a couple of other items we are working on. We do expect that to ramp back up to that kind of $400 million, $500 million range, $500 million Admittedly that is approximately half of where we've been running most of the cycle. So again, the discipline that we’re exercise around the required returns has allowed that development pipeline to shrink, but we do want to continue to have a development pipeline, maintain that team and keeps creating value that piece of the platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney Montgomery. Scott, please proceed with your question.
Rob Stevenson: Jerry sitting here and essentially August 1st, what markets have outperformed and underperformed your expectations form the beginning of the year by the widest margins thus far? And what sort of magnitude that we are talking about?
Thomas Toomey: I’d say anything significantly off from original expectations. Probably the three markets that have surprised to the upside would be the two Florida markets, Orlando and Tampa both done very well forced and a couple of our best markets. But I would say they’re maybe 50 basis points ahead of the plan. The next one is San Francisco, where I think the first couple of quarters did slightly better but what we're seeing as we head into the back half of the year we're encouraged by the level of new and renewal rate growth we're getting today that should continue, but we are cognizant again that new supply is going to come in to the Bay Area little heavier in the second half. So I would say those three are the positive outliers. Really there's two negatives, one is Austin where supply outside of the CBD has been hitting us at three of our mature B asset quality properties and then probably the biggest disappointment in New York City. New York year-to-date is at negative 0.4%. Going into the year we thought it was going to be called at positive 0.5 to positive 1%. And a couple of things have really affected us there. One is the outsized new supply in Brooklyn and Long Island City, I think seven more going to affect on our B assets in the financial district than we originally projected. Second, we've lost a corporate tenant in the financial district during the quarter that had been with us for about 5 years. And when we recovered occupancy very quickly on that one, but we did take a rent drop because those people in their 5 years taking good renewals. So the reset of rents was about 6% and that affected us. And then the third one, it was built into our plan but just to let you know part of the reason our growth is subpar is we did a central system building upgrade at one of our properties in the second, in early 2017. And that drove down both utilities expense and also utility reimbursement. And we show utility reimbursement as a revenue component. The benefit to NOI was positive but this change in the system resulted in a reduction of our second-quarter revenue growth in New York by 40 basis points. So if you excluded that, we would have been just very slightly negative.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then I think it was Joe's comments earlier on supply in a number of markets you guys expecting to see accelerate in the back half of the year. How much operating traction are you seeing today in the DC market? And how much of a slippage are you expecting as we head into the back half in early part of '19 from that supply.
Unidentified Company Representative: No. We didn't see the supply, I think, as long as we're watching concession levels. But DC is holding up very well. And actually, I don't have the exact number, but I think blended rate growth in the month of July was good. I think occupancy still stands in the mid 97s in DC. And we're optimistic. A lot of the new supply that's coming is over in the Ballpark area and NoMa and while we don't have any specific assets there it is affecting most of our properties within the district our weakest submarket in DC right now is right along 14th Street. But as you know, about half of our portfolio is B quality and our properties outside the beltway are performing extremely well. So right now we would not expect a significant drop off in DC. We're running strong right now. But last year as you went from like June through October, when supply started to hit, you saw two months free rent enter the marketplace that suppressed our ability to push rents. So we have our eye out for that, but it really hasn't occurred yet this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Hey, Jerry, you just talked about some of the disappointing markets. But I’m wondering if you would include the MetLife joint ventures as part of that conversation, the disparity between the performances of your joint ventures in the consolidated assets continue to lighten. And I’m just wondering what was driving that.
Jerry Davis: I think it’s a couple of things. One I think a lot of you have on MetLife assets. They are top of the market A+s really in predominantly urban locations that are combating new supply. So I think that's the main component. But when I really look at the MetLife assets which are significantly lower than our same stores, 36 properties that are current and were in during the quarter had negative revenue growth that are finding new supply. And these six properties make up about 40% of the revenue within the portfolio. And those properties are in the upper west side of New York. The East Village in San Diego, we got, probably, the premier property in downtown Seattle. That’s finding new supply. We got a property in downtown Denver this included in this group. And then we also have one of the Baltimore market. So I think when you’re in those pockets of heavy new supply where concession levels are high, you’re going to see this, I think, longer-term the MetLife properties are going to do exceptionally well, but that’s the main thing we're seeing right now.
John Kim: Can I ask question about other income? You have parking grown at 22%. And I’m wondering if you could provide some color on how much runway is left in other words, how much -- how many properties are you charging for parking with the opportunity going forward? And in relation to the joint venture do you have the same other income leverage on your joint venture that view on a consolidated portfolio?
Unidentified Company Representative : That’s a good question. Sometimes we do and sometimes we don’t in parking. We’ve always been very good at charging for parking in urban areas where we have garages and parking is at minimum. So while a lot of the MetLife deals are in those urban areas there is less opportunity to drive outsized rate or parking fee growth at the MetLife deals. I would say for the rest of the portfolio we've turned parking on throughout the entire UDR platform. Two years ago, we started charging just to existing or to new incoming residents. Over the last year or so we started assessing that on new residents. This year we’re looking -- and next year we're looking more at reserved type parking spaces where people can select whether they want to park as well as finding opportunities in some locations to allow nonresidents to park in our communities that’s been a good driver up in Seattle, for example. But I think, we’re going to continue to see outsized growth again this year it was about 20%, last year it was about 20%. I’m reluctant to say you can keep go into that pace, but I just say it's going to continue to grow well in excess at multiple rents on our apartments grow. So I do think other income whether it's from parking or the short-term furnished rentals are going to continue to have outsized growth and be a difference maker in our earnings model going forward. There's a few things that were -- we started this year that I think they have again grow incrementally over the next few years to such as renting out common area spaces such as conference rooms, rooftops, resident lounges to nonresidents. This year it's going to be a minimal impact maybe $0.5 million, but we're still learning that system and I think it's going to continue to grow too.
John Kim: Can you give a baseball analogy as far what inning you think we're in on the other income bucket?
Jerry Davis: I’d say, we're in the first half of the game.
Operator: Our next question comes from Drew Babin with Robert W. Baird & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Babin: I wanted touch on Orange County as well as our financials. But serving in Orange Country, do you feel like the Pacific City development is maybe cannibalizing some of your same-store performance? The market is still growing recently in terms of your revenue growth but accelerating some. And I guess if you could just talk about that as well as kind of the general supply demand dynamics in the market that would help?
Jerry Davis: Sure, Drew. This is Jerry. Pacific City, again, that's in the lease up right now, it's little over 70% leased. We do have three other properties in Huntington Beach. One is probably a mile away from Pacific City. And I’d tell you, yes, I do believe that property is being negatively affected by Pacific City. And I think the other two assets, one is older and at about much different price point. So I don’t think it's affected at all as in our military community, which we built four or five years ago is not really located on the beach. Its right up on the 4053 way, probably being somewhat affected but not as materially. But I’d tell you that Huntington Beach is one of our -- if not be, weakest submarket that we have in Orange County right now. When you look at supply and demand within Orange County, we have got about 1,700 units there and being delivered this year that are within a mile of our communities. So about 500 of those would be Pacific City, but we also have competition in other areas. But I think when you look at it, really the job growth has been a little bit less than we would have hope for this year. Current projections are about 21,000 jobs in the Orange County. And when you look outside of just the proximity to our properties, you're going to have about 5,000 units delivered. But Orange County is slightly weaker than we had anticipated. But we are optimistic as you get into the next year that you are going to see supply come down a bit and some stability reemerge.
Drew Babin: Okay. And then small piece of the puzzle though I was hoping to ask about the Marina del Rey portfolio, the turnover was up a little bit. Was there any supply kind of directly impacting that this year and just kind of what are local dynamics to that?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, it's really, it's about 600 units of new supply that’s coming into play up in that Marina area. Yes, NDR is, I mean, it's -- think turnover when you look at that, again, our turnover was down about 200 basis points, a lot of things could impact that. Probably the largest impact is when you have a lot of new supply with the rationale price income directly added. And I’d say last year we were pretty stable. This year it's up 400 or 360 basis points but still roughly about the UDR average. So I don’t think there is really a story there in LA other than the smallish portfolios. So it doesn’t take many new move-outs to affected. But in addition to new competition in the area that can drive turnover up. The other things tend to be how many leases do you have expiring in a certain period and then how much attention are you placing on customer service. And I will tell you -- we as well as all my peers, I think, do a much better job listening to our residents and addressing issues. And I give a lot of credit, especially to our West Coast team who had turnover go down over 500 basis points year-over-year to focusing on the customer service side of the business.
Drew Babin: Great. Thanks for that. And one more for Joe just on the DCP opportunities. Is there any read through there in terms of maybe a pullback into the small development lending or anything ahead of industry wide that would be causing the opportunity set wide for you or is it just maybe more coincidental or kind of bit more time, kind of out of the gate with the DCP program talking to folks.
Joseph Fisher: I think your last comment there Drew is really what's driving it for us, specifically meaning that the fact that we have been out there for a while. We've been consistent in the space. I think the funnel just continues to widen a little bit. You see more and more opportunities coming our way which means better ability to hold to the pricing that we expect and the yields that we are underwriting to and better ability to hold to the terms that maybe other market participants may not be able to. If you have seen a lot of these debt funds out there raising capital more competitors in the space, but thankfully given the size of the funnel we're not necessarily seeing pressures from that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: I wanted to touch on the same store revenue guidance really quickly. So we've had two quarters of better than expected results in each case, the midpoint of the range has come up, the high end, however has been left unchanged. And Jerry maybe you answered this question earlier on the topic of supply in the back half. But is that the risk that's embedded within the guidance as it currently is in terms of not raising the high end? Is it supply-driven or is there anything else going on there?
Jerry Davis: I think it’s supply-driven. I think we're more likely to be in the middle to upper end than the bottom but we are cognizant that you do have supply come into several of our markets, little bit more heavily in the back half of the year that we're just watching out before. But there's we feel like we're doing a very good job. We have industry leading revenue growth. And I think that top end of five that's strong numbers. And when you look at the components, which include the occupancy growth of 30 basis points, contribution of other income of about 60 to 80 bips and the rest come in from rents. We're happy with where it's coming in. But we're always watching out for indicators of concern and while we’re currently not seeing anything coming out of that gives us pause other than in New York City for the most part on the new supply side. We see the same stats as everybody else. And I think as long as pricing again stays rational and you don’t see a lot of people coming out with two months free. We feel good about where we'll end up this year.
Rich Hightower: Okay, that's helpful Jerry. And then the second question, can we dive in on Boston a little bit and just there seems to have been an inflection point of sorts in the market over the last quarter or two and then you described your experience with the very strong lease up at 345 Terrace. And just walk us through what's going on in the market there? And has anything structurally changed in the last three or six months that we should be aware of to the positive that is?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think we had a time period that we're still in where competition especially downtown against new supply kind of subsided in our Seaport area and the Boston that I think it achieve stability. So we are able to get a little pricing power at our Pier 4 community. Our two properties up in the North Shore did extremely well. They have revenue growth over 5% -- or about 5%. When you look at the combination of our Pier 4 as well as our Back Bay property did they were come in around 3%. And then you know the South Shore where we have some eight communities that's been a bit weaker but still coming in it too. But I would say you have a continuation of a strong economy in Boston and I think you've had a slowdown of deliveries when we look at our portfolio yielding at 800 units this year delivering within mile of our property. And I think that's allowed us at least for the time being to push again there is some new supply that starting to deliver right now that we’re watching. But I think the other thing is Boston has a heavy seasonality every year where you come out of the gates in first quarter with concern because of the weather patterns. And then once you get to March, over the last two to three years, it seems like we've been able to hit the accelerator take off and this year proved to be no different.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed you’re your question.
Rich Anderson: It's ironic that parking is a driver of growth if all I had to say that. But Jerry I’m curious about this parking strategy. Are you leaving the market or meaning is your competition charging or are you following the market. And the question being or intends potentially going to be dismayed by the fact they have to pay for parking in certain spaces when they had in the past.
Jerry Davis: I think we’re leaving especially in suburban areas throughout the country. I don't think a lot of our peers are really following. What I would tell you is its rather decenniums amount that you’re talking about $5 to $10 typically for an unreserved parking space in the garden community and one of your average rents in those types of garden communities are say 1,500 to 1,700 the UDR average it's over 2,000, it's urban high rise. It's just not material amount. And I think when you can offer someone these specific spot that payers want to get home at 10 o'clock at night, I think its beneficial and I think especially when you look at some of our older properties where parking is at the minimum. We just know they built in call it's in 1960s, 1970s. I think people want to be sure that they have a space. So I think that are policing in the parking lot makes it benefit to the residents that we have not seen or heard and a price from our residents. We haven't seen turnover go up, obviously, as you look at our numbers. And I think it's something that we will be accepting.
Rich Anderson: I guess the numbers kind of put in perspective to in terms of relative to the rents we’re paying. So I appreciate that color. Second question is a little bit broader picture. I asked on the Avalon call about just the nature of this economy and job growth and the stimulus that come from the tax reform and all that. Do you guys have a sense that this is maybe perhaps a short-lived economic improvement that could whether a bit maybe a year or two from now? And if that is the case the way you're seeing at, how is this sort of caught an inflection point change your behaviors the company relative to what we've seen more typically in previous cycle shifts?
Thomas Toomey: Rich, it's Toomey. We talk a great deal about where we think markets are and where we think we are the economy and the rest of the business. Our conversations always come down to about three topics, which is on a national basis, where do we think the industry is. And I would say that the economy is showing amazing resilience. And particularly, when you look at GDP and our business usually as an echo of that that drives us to an optimistic view of the economy demographics, but hell after talking about it for 15 years you are actually seeing the delivery of it. And then for us on a national basis we just continue to talk about supply and what would accelerate it, what would kill it off and how we've weathered the storm on this supply cycle. And the second thing we talk about is where our value creation opportunities are. And so you are hearing it in the operational side. And Jerry didn't mention many of it, but a lot of it is, I think the multifamily space has been low to adopt technology solutions. And we've been more of an industry that's followed instead of led. And I think there's a lot of opportunity inside of that that will carry beyond and more significant than the other income attributes that we've been going through recently. And the last topic is we talked through markets and where we think those opportunities where we are in the cycle of individual markets. And with 20 of them, there's always some that flow to the top where we think things are going positive and others where we are probably a little bit more defensive in nature in our investment. So the combination of the three always leads to where is the offense of game plan, how can we take advantage of it how can we allocate our capital and our resources of people to get better numbers, better results. And I think that nice dialogue that we have here in the full breadth of the experience in the room is weighing to just what you saw, a very good quarter and prospects for the balance of the year to be good. And more frankly we are very focused on '19 and where we think we can be positioned. So that's kind of our attitude and I know other people try to draw too big of a blanket over the topic. But the truth is the company is focused on figuring out how to march forward with all the cards in front of us and don't feel like we are doing anything but the responsible thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: I just was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about capitalized interest. You guys said that you are having $800 million of development now that’s going to go down to zero from maybe a quarter or two before ramping back up to that $4,600. So it sounds like as we think about our 2019 numbers, interest expense would go up materially as the capitalization comes off. Is that a fair way to think about it? Or there are some offsets there?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think you may have jumped in by one year on that one. Really in 2018 if you look at our guidance for interest expense relative to last year, we are up about $14 million on interest expense, half of that is really driven by the decrease in cap interest that we saw from '17 to '18. So that number came down from, I think, around $17 million $18 million down to around $11 million midpoint this year. The predominate of that was really felt kind of - the first half we had higher cap interest, driven by 345 in Pac City, and the second half, we're going to have relatively minimal cap interest. We'll probably end up the second half somewhere around $2.5 million to $3 million, which tells you that the first part of next year will probably be around that run rate. Then as we take the development pipeline back up as we talked about, let's say $0.5 billion by late '19. You'll start to see cap interest pick back up. But I think we're kind of leveling out here a little bit on cap interest given how much we've come down last year or two.
Unidentified Company Representative: Alex, let me just add one thing. As cap interest comes down, we expect NOI to go up. So in effect putting on an earnings standpoint of that's how you're looking at it, FFO will more than offset the reduction, I mean, NOI increase will more than offset the cap interest reduction.
Unidentified Company Representative: That's a great point. Just to remind Alex that $716 million between the two big developments that's what yielding in the mid-2s this year between FFO and NOI combined. Next year, we think that'll move closer towards stabilization in '19 and '20. So you do have a nice pick up going forward from an earnings standpoint off of those two developments.
Alexander Goldfarb: Appreciate that. But it often seems like there's a mismatch in the impact of cap interest coming off. It’s sometimes greater than the ramp up in the NOI but I appreciate that. The second question is on the DP, on the developer program book, you guys, you said, obviously, it sounds like there's more opportunity for you but imagine there's still more competition. So as interest rates have risen and as constructions cost has gone up, have you guys been able to maintain your same targeted returns on that program and investing in the same part of the capital structure meaning the price per door, your LTV, however you want to look at it, you'll be able to maintain that or if you had to go sort of with less subordination or lower returns to make the deals pencil?
Harry Alcock: Alex, this is Harry. I'll answer that, the -- first in terms of risk on our position to capital stack is unchanged. We have not increased the risk profile at all in order to continue to deploy this capital. And secondly and it's really a function of the market with the reduction of both available debt capital and equity capital. There's been a natural gap in the capital stack that's been created. And so there's actually more demand for this product. So our risk has stayed the same and actually our returns have floated up. The sort of first cycle deals we did in '13 to '15, $230 million or so. We were sort of underwriting 10% to 11% type IRRs today that number is more like '12 to '13. So no change in risk, and actually an increase in expected returns on this product.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Jerry, a follow-on to the MetLife question from earlier. And I know we talked about the better part full years as supply being an issue. As it continues to lag, is there any incremental concern that the absolute level of rents from that portfolio are too high and just propensity to push rents over the next 3 to 5 years will continue to be impaired?
Jerry Davis: I don't think so. I think again once you have that stabilization of the development deliveries and their submarkets, I think, things will be fine. I'll give you an example. Year ago there was a bit of a slowdown in the submarket in Seattle where our Class A+ property is and we have 4% or 4.5% revenue growth for a couple of quarters with that one property. So I think it's cyclical dependent on these deliveries. But I think we've got extremely well located timelessly built assets that have great floor plans that, I think, we’re going to do very well. And I think a lot of these assets too have larger floor plans. So I think as these millennial stages and they want to continue to live in a city or they maybe not painful to move out to suburbs and buy a home, I think it's going to be a good renting option. And then the other part I also believe that this asset tightness as far as we have as baby boomers continue to age and sell their big houses out in suburbs and move into the city. I think this portfolio cares well to them. So I think it's just timing and it has been an extended timing, so I'll give you that. But I think over the kind of couple of years, I think they are going to perform at least as well as our same stores.
John Pawlowski: Harry on competitive development front, I think, your expense that sponsors that are competing for you guys and attend. Is that the sense that they are retching up leverage and doing some financial engineering? Or they just function any rational growth rates to adjusted by the IRR?
Harry Alcock: I don’t think, I mean, I guess, I would answer this way. I don’t think leverage has changed meaningfully. I mean that there is debt capital has increased moderately recently in terms of the loan to cost on available construction financing, but the debt hasn’t changed meaningfully. I think what has happened to some extent is that equity capital has become moderately more aggressive as they look to deploy and affect their dry powder. So I think when you have a situation where equity is pushing the merchant builder to deploy capital, you've got a situation where I think at times underwriting becomes a little bit more aggressive.
Thomas Toomey: John, this is Toomey. I'd add to that, I mean, as you talk to global capital players, the asset class of multifamily is growing in prominence with respect to their share of a pie. And it seems to be just getting favorable across so many different networks either pensions, foreign capital that haven't been here for a decade and they are shying away and pulling away from the unknowns of retail, they're pulling away from office. And so I think we're just getting a bigger piece of capital pie.
John Pawlowski: Tom in this conversation, we stretch our heads too. They keep putting money work in the private market but you and your peer share prices are at a discount. How are you changing your pitch for investors to look at public REIT as a proxy for real estate? And are you making any inroads? Do you have any hope that the foreign, Swiss and the pension funds will look to the REIT market increasingly with private market pricing have been pretty aggressive?
Unidentified Company Representative: You know what I would say is that I think the team as REIT doing fabulous job of outreach across the broad spectrum. You’re seeing more and more speakers at conferences talk about asset class in their particular market gaining favor. And so my suspicions are is that the local investor will pump capital into the local markets take that to Berlin, the Nordics, as examples and many eastern block countries. As they see that performance elevate then they are like expand more to what I would call the publicly traded share model. But it's just going to take time. What I'd say is it took us 10 years to get up off the floor. We are now into the ring. My suspicions are is that if we keep putting up numbers like this on a risk-adjusted basis, eventually they will find the public space.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to hand the call back over to Chairman, CEO and President, Mr. Toomey for closing comments.
Thomas Toomey: Just a quick closing, guys. Thanks for your time today. I thought we had a great conversation. Again, to remind you, we feel good about our business for the balance of '18 and looking into 2019. We are optimistic on our prospects. And we wish all of you have a good summer. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Have a nice day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Van Ens - VP Thomas Toomey - Chairman, CEO & President Jerry Davis - COO and SVP Joseph Fisher - CFO and SVP Warren Troupe - SEVP, Corporate Compliance Officer & Secretary Harry Alcock - CIO and SVP
Analysts: Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Richard Hightower - Evercore ISI Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates Robert Stevenson - Janney Montgomery Scott John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Daniel Santos - Sandler O'Neill John Guinee - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors James Sullivan - BTIG Wesley Golladay - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President, Chris Van Ens. Thank you, Mr. Van Ens, you may begin.
Christopher Van Ens: Welcome to UDR's first quarter financial results conference call. Our first quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to UDR's Chairman, CEO and President, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe; and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call.  Our strong first quarter results reaffirm the 2018 macroeconomic outlook we provided back in February, in which we anticipated solid job growth and accelerating wage growth with a bias towards tax reform being a net positive. These factors, when weighed against elevated new apartment supply, contribute to our ongoing view that 2018's pricing power and occupancy will be relatively similar to 2017 levels. Taken altogether, a strong backdrop for apartments.  Moving on, the UDR team is optimistic on our prospects. Why? First, our operating platform continues to produce steady results in a volatile world. While it is still early in the year, occupancy is near 97%, and we are set up well entering the peak leasing season. Jerry will further highlight our success during his prepared remarks.  Second, our $811 million of development in lease-up is 90% funded, with aggregate rental rates and velocities in line with expectations. Strong pre-leasing at 345 Harrison and a pickup in leasing velocity at Pacific City, our 2 large developments in Boston and Huntington Beach, reaffirm our view that 2019 development earn-in will improve materially versus 2018. Jerry, again, will provide some color on these communities.  Third, our balance sheet remains liquid and safe. Disciplined use of capital during the quarter included $20 million of share repurchases and the funding of a new Developer Capital Program deal. We continue to underwrite a variety of opportunities in the market with a focus on additional DCP investments. Joe will provide more details in his prepared remarks.  Last, a special thanks to all our UDR associates for your continued hard work to produce another solid quarter of results.  With that, I will turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results. First quarter year-over-year revenue and NOI growth for our same-store pool, which now represents 85% of total NOI, were 3% and 2.7%, respectively. After including pro rata same-store JV communities, which are heavily weighted towards urban, A+ product and is battling new supply, revenue and NOI growth were 2.7% and 2.5%, respectively. These results were primarily driven by solid blended lease rate growth of 2.7% and a robust top line contribution from our long-lived operating and technology initiatives. While it is still early in the year, we're encouraged by what we are seeing on a number of fronts as we approach the prime leasing season. First, our year-over-year blended lease rate growth for the quarter was 20 basis points higher than during the same period last year. This crossover is the first positive spread we have seen since the first quarter of 2016.  Second, other income grew by 9% in the quarter. As in past quarters, this was driven by our revenue-generating initiatives, specifically parking, which increased by 19%; and our shorter-term leasing program, which has grown nicely since its rollout in early 2017.  Third, year-over-year turnover declined by 120 basis points. This is especially impressive given that our shorter-term leasing initiative should result in higher turnover.  Fourth, while our quarterly overall expense growth was elevated at 3.6% due to real estate tax pressures, our controllable expenses declined by 0.4% year-over-year. Of particular note, our personnel cost declined by 2.8% due to our continuing focus on achieving efficiencies throughout our business. We remain comfortable with our same-store expense growth guidance of 2.5% to 3.5%.  And fifth, rent concessions during the quarter were 22% lower than last year, and gift card expense was down 48%. Both of these indicate a more rational pricing environment for lease-ups. These factors, when combined with our 96.9% occupancy, set us up well for the prime leasing season.  Next, a rundown of markets. The vast majority of our markets are performing in line with expectations with a few exceptions. To date, Orlando has meaningfully outperformed our original forecast, while Austin has struggled as the result of new supply pressures. As a reminder, these are both relatively small markets for UDR.  Regarding New York City. Year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI growth turned negative during the first quarter. This is more so the result of positive one-timers realized in the first quarter of 2017 than a change in market dynamics. We continue to forecast slightly positive growth in New York during 2018.  Moving on. We saw minimal pressure from move-outs to home purchase or rent increase at 12% and 6% of reasons for move-out during the first quarter. Likewise, net bad debt remains low at 0.1% of rents. All are at levels consistent with previous quarters.  Last, our development pipeline, in aggregate, continues to generate lease rates and leasing velocities in line with original expectations. In our $350 million Pacific City development in Huntington Beach, leasing velocity increased significantly during the first quarter as construction was completed. We ended the quarter at 51% leased and sit at 56% today, all with rent rates in line with our underwriting expectations.  At 345 Harrison, our $367 million project in Boston, we ended the quarter at 35% pre-leased and are 39% today, with rental rates in line with underwriting expectations. We deliver our first homes in early May and are enthused by the communities' reception to date.  Our two JV developments remain on budget and on schedule. Similar to last quarter, our Vitruvian West community, located in Addison, Texas, continues to perform well in excess of underwriting expectations. Our vision on Wilshire community, located in Los Angeles, recently opened its doors and is performing in line with expectations. Community-specific, quarter-end lease-up statistics are available on Attachment 9 of our supplement.  Finally, I would like to again thank all of our associates in the field and at corporate for another strong quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our first quarter results and forward guidance, a transactions and investments update and a capital markets and balance sheet update.  Our first quarter earnings results came in at the midpoints of our previously provided guidance ranges. FFO as adjusted, and AFFO per share were $0.47 and $0.45. First quarter AFFO was up $0.02 or 5% year-over-year, driven by our strong operating results and disciplined capital allocation decisions.  I would now like to direct you to Attachment 15 of our supplement, which details our latest guidance expectations. We have reaffirmed our previously provided full year 2018 FFO as adjusted, AFFO and same-store growth guidance ranges. For the second quarter, our guidance ranges are $0.47 to $0.49 for FFO as adjusted and $0.43 to $0.45 for AFFO.  Next, transactions and investments. As previously announced during the quarter, we sold Pacific Shores, a 264-home wholly owned community in Orange County, for $90.5 million at a low 5% yield.  Regarding development. Our desire to add land to the balance sheet to restock our pipeline over time continues to be a goal. However, given the difficulty in sourcing economical land in many of our markets, our pipeline will continue to shrink for the foreseeable future. Still, there are opportunities that satisfy our disciplined underwriting approach. With this in mind, we entered into a contract to purchase a $13.2 million land parcel located in Denver during the quarter. The acquisition is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2018, subject to customary closing conditions.  In our Developer Capital Program, we invested $20 million into a 220-home development located in Alameda, California at a current return of 12%. In addition, all of DTLA, a 293-home West Coast development joint venture community located in Los Angeles, transitioned to a longer-term hold as the option period for purchase lapsed during the quarter.  At quarter-end, our DCP investment balance was $159 million with an effective yield at the mid-7% range and maturities that take place over the next 4.5 years. We continue to favor further investment in our DCP program assuming new opportunities satisfy our parameters.  Next, capital markets and balance sheet. During the quarter, we repurchased $20 million of common shares at an average price of $33.69, a strong use of capital given our prevailing discount to NAV and the inherent risk-adjusted return in our stock.  At quarter-end, our liquidity, as measured by cash and credit facility capacity net of the commercial paper balance, was $843 million. Our financial leverage was 33.1% on undepreciated book value, 25.8% on enterprise value and 30.7%, inclusive of joint ventures. Our consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA was 5.8x and inclusive of joint ventures, it was 6.4x.  We remain comfortable with our credit metrics and don't plan to actively lever up or down, although you will likely see lower commercial paper balances later in 2018, depending on the size of our forward capital commitments.  With regard to the profile of our balance sheet, we continue to look for NPV-positive opportunities to improve our 5.1-year duration and increase the size of our unencumbered NOI pool.  Finally, we declared an annualized common dividend of $1.29 in the first quarter for a dividend yield of approximately 3.6% at quarter-end.  With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup.
Nicholas Joseph: I wonder if you can walk through your decision to transition to West Coast JV asset to long-term hold versus selling or anything else that you contemplated.
Harry Alcock: Nick, this is Harry. I'd tell you, we like the asset long term, but realize there's some short-term headwinds in downtown L.A. with supply. Therefore, we didn't want to be a buyer due to the short term nor seller due to the long term. Wolff, our partner, agreed that we ended up with a hold where our return is based on our below-market value, volume and price.
Joseph Fisher: And the only thing I'd add to that, this is Joe, is just in terms if you look at our guidance how we moved around the uses. The fact that we did not execute a buy on DTLA, we were actually able to pivot some of those planned uses over into a stock buyback of about $20 million. So we effectively traded a low 4s cap for a midsize on our stock.
Nicholas Joseph: And then you mentioned the crossover in terms of blended lease rate growth in the first quarter with 1Q '18 being higher than 1Q '17. Does guidance assume that the positive spread is maintained throughout 2018?
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry. Right now, the guidance really assumes it's going to be about even with last year, so maybe slightly ahead. And as we look into the month of April, we're continuing to see it being right on top of where we were in 2017. Our expectation is it may broaden a little bit, depending on how the leasing season goes. But yes, when you look at the blended rate growth for the full year, we think it's probably going to be in the mid- to high 2s, which would be up right about where it was last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Juan Sanabria: Just on the same-store revenue guidance. What's the upside and downside risk from here relative to the midpoint? And could you give us a sense of any second quarter trends you're seeing today, either on new or renewal trends?
Jerry Davis: Sure, Juan. This is Jerry. Right now, as we look at the second quarter, we're seeing for the rents, we're seeing April come in slightly higher, as I just said to Nick, than it did last April. But it's modest. But it's the typical seasonal progression, as you would expect. In the first quarter, we had blended -- or we had first quarter new lease rate growth of 0.4%. But when you look at the components of that, it went from a negative 0.3% in January to a negative 0.3% in February, and then it jumped up to 1.5%, which, again, is kind of normal seasonality. Right now, April, for new, is looking like it's going to be low 2s. So continuing to increase as we would expect throughout the summer. On renewals, those stay pretty static throughout the year. We came in right around the 5 in the first quarter, and that's about where April is looking to come in. And that's what we would expect for the second quarter. When you look at revenue growth or the progression, we had a 3% revenue growth in the first quarter. We expect that to increase slightly in the second quarter. And then when you get beyond second quarter, it's heavily dependent on the strength of leasing season. But as we look at leasing season, the position we're in today, with the occupancy of 96.9%, concession levels being a bit lower than they were last year and not as much of a reliance on gift cards, we feel pretty good going into the middle of the year in this prime leasing season. When you say how do you get to the top and bottom of our revenue guidance, and again, to remind you, our guidance is 2.5 to 3.5. So we're right on top of the midpoint of the first quarter. It's probably going to be difficult to get to the bottom half unless there's really a downturn in rent levels later in this year. But when you look at the upside, what it really takes is a continuation of the contribution from other income, which is putting in about 60 basis points of additional revenue growth as well as a pickup in rate that, ideally, we would get with a seasonal uptick.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And then just one more question for me, just on supply. What's the level of conviction that '19 supply deliveries will, in fact, be down across your markets? And any thoughts on the volatile, but stubbornly high permit levels and just general comments on access to construction financing?
Joseph Fisher: Juan, this is Joe. So I don't think our overall view on supply in '19 has really changed from last quarter when we spoke to kind of a flat to down 10% type of number. That was predicated on what we saw throughout '17, which was permits and starts activity, both coming down about 10% from 2016 levels. Obviously, the outlook is a little bit more fuzzy with the starting permit activity that we see in the start of the year that's ticked back up a little bit. But when we look at the '17 activity, when we look at our permit-based regression model, and then when we take into account all the qualitative factors, meaning the difficulty in finding land, the difficulty on the construction financing side, continuing to see hard cost exceed rent growth, and therefore, difficulty hitting return requirements. I think you still have a difficult environment and see supply ramp up meaningfully. But overall, we think we're probably flat to down 10% in '19, with -- market-wise, markets are down more in our view would be Orange County, Orlando, Nashville and Austin. And those that probably might see a little bit more flat to maybe even up would be D.C., L.A. and Northern California.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Richard Hill: I wanted to maybe just dig in a little bit to the Southwest portfolio and specifically, Austin and Dallas. We hear about some increasing demand in the state of Texas, but it seems like it's becoming a much more nuanced market between cities and even micro areas within cities. So maybe the Southwest was a little bit weaker than we were expecting. So I'm just curious about what you're seeing, maybe focus on Dallas. Would you consider the Houston market? How are you thinking about the Texas market at this point?
Jerry Davis: I guess, I'll start first about what we're seeing in those 2 markets, and then maybe Tom or Harry can jump in on the markets we're not currently in. But you look in Dallas, and it definitely was a slowdown from the results we put up last year as far as revenue growth. And while job growth in Dallas continues to be strong at about 69,000 new jobs expected in '18 or about 2.6%, you're seeing, especially in our portfolio, heavy new supply coming into that North Dallas area of Plano, Frisco. We've got 1,000-unit property that's in the legacy village retail area. And new supply has been able, currently, to offset the positive impacts of jobs from Toyota, Liberty Mutual, JPMorgan into there over the last 6 months and what we would expect for the next couple of months. We've -- down in our Addison area, we've got some B properties down there. And when there's not new supply, they're doing extremely well, with revenue growth of about 7%. But also, we're doing the fourth project in our Vitruvian Park assemblage. And that property is doing extremely well. We're getting a little bit more than pro forma rents. But in the -- for 3 months since we've opened there, we've gotten leased occupancy up to about 56%. So it is a submarket-by-submarket issue. So that Addison area is tending to do well. B product is doing extremely well. Uptown, where we have just one property, it's very difficult down there. But right now, what's affecting our same-store numbers predominantly is that Plano area. Then when you jump over to Austin, same story. Job growth is strong there, but heavy new -- and job growth is about 3.5%. But heavy supply of about 8,000 homes coming in 2018 is really putting a lid on where rent growth can go. What's interesting, though, is our MetLife joint venture product, which is A+ downtown product, is doing really well. It came in with stronger revenue growth than we've seen in the last couple of years. It was at 2.6%. And now it's even higher than some of our B product up in the Cedar Park area. So it's pocket by pocket. Downtown Austin is starting to loosen up a bit and allow us to get some growth, but it's moved down to other submarkets and price points.
Richard Hill: Got it. And are you seeing anything -- any opportunities in Houston? Or you're sticking to your knitting in Austin and Dallas at this point?
Thomas Toomey: I think we're very comfortable -- this is Tom -- with respect to our Dallas and Austin exposure, and we'll continue to look for opportunities in those 2 markets. Houston is not particularly attractive to us at this time.
Richard Hill: Okay. And Joe, maybe one -- just one quick question for you. On the DCP program, it looks like it's maybe a little bit lower than where it's trended recently. You think you can get that back up to $300 million, maybe even a little bit higher?
Joseph Fisher: Rich, our goal, our soft ceiling that we've placed on it is around $300 million, really driven by we want to be an asset to markets that we would want to own long term. And then obviously, the earnings accretion that comes from it is nice. But at a point in time when construction financing may come back in the future, we don't want to get squeezed out and have an earnings cliff despite the fact that we do have pretty long duration on these assets. So we have about another $50 million, call it, of funding related to the DCP other assets that are down in the bottom of 12b. So that will take us to just over $200 million. And I said Harry and his team are still hard at work trying to find additional assets to backfill any future roll-off or try to get to that $300 million. I think we'll hopefully have some success at some point this year on that front, but nothing's been taken into account within guidance at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: First one, Jerry, you mentioned rent concessions and gift cards have abated pretty significantly year-over-year, and I'm just curious what markets are you seeing the biggest declines? And any markets that are increasing, I guess, on the flip side? And what are you expecting for that? How do you expect that to trend as the year progresses?
Jerry Davis: I think as you compare to last year, I wouldn't expect concessions to go up. They'll probably stay fairly stable to down modestly. Seen a little bit more concessionary pressures in New York. I wouldn't say it's significant. Markets that are down most significantly. Our Bellevue properties are feeling less new supply. That could perk up a little bit later this year when another 600 to 1,000 units get delivered. We went through new supply last year and right now, it's fairly stable. And then our San Francisco, specifically SoMa area, properties are down. So most of the decline is in those markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: And maybe sticking with San Fran a bit. It's been a market -- you said on the last call, I think, that it started out the year better than expected. Blended lease rates were up sequentially and year-over-year, yet revenue growth decelerated a bit. Is that just timing related to when those leases hit? Or was there something in the other income component that was a bit of a headwind? Can you just provide a little bit of color there?
Jerry Davis: It's really not other income. That's still doing well. I think San Francisco should continue to accelerate as far as revenue growth throughout the rest of the year. You're still playing off -- when you look at revenue, it's a buildup of, as you know, what you've done over the prior 4 quarters. So we are encouraged by the strength of blended rate growth right now in San Francisco. And while the first quarter came in roughly where we expected it to, I think some of the rents we've been putting into place over the last 60 days or so should help it to outperform, unless there's a slowdown that comes. But we're looking -- we're really seeing a bit of a strength -- I won't say strength, but stabilization that's happening in that downtown area. A lot of jobs have come into Financial District, the Salesforce building that opened. You're seeing new job creation down in Mission Bay. And we did feel some weakness, though, in this quarter in the Peninsula.
Harry Alcock: Austin, this is Harry. Just real quick, one other point. Jerry mentioned the jobs, but it's pretty remarkable if you look at the sort of volume of office leasing activity that's taking place both in downtown and at Mission Bay, where Salesforce is taking 700,000 square feet. Dropbox is taking 500,000 square feet down in Mission Bay. Uber is taking 500,000 square feet. There's sort of a rumored single-tenant lease of 700,000 square feet to come in the future at -- near our 399 Fremont project. And these are going to tend to be high-paying jobs. It really is pretty remarkable.
Austin Wurschmidt: Appreciate the additional color. What was your revenue assumption for San Fran this year?
Jerry Davis: Oh, gosh. I want to say it was in the high end of our guidance range. We typically...
Christopher Van Ens: He got cut off.
Jerry Davis: Let's move on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.
Richard Hightower: So I want to start on the labor expense success during the quarter. It's pretty impressive compared to other trends that we've seen. Can you -- Jerry, can you maybe a little bit more color as to what was driving the same-store reduction? Was it reductions in FTEs or something related to staffing models? Or just what was some of the detail there?
Jerry Davis: Sure, Rich. It was predominantly what you just brought up. Our personnel was down 2.8%. We give raises at the beginning of each year, and I can tell you, the raises that we gave were between 2.5% and 3%. So we are continuing to increase people's compensation. But late last year -- middle to late of last year, we started looking at finding ways to create a more efficient workforce, either through technology or just reductions in staff cut several percent of our workforce out in the field. The second thing, though, is in the first quarter, we probably -- it was an open decision, but waited longer than we would want to because of the lack of available labor. So a little bit of it was purposeful staffing reductions. A smaller portion of it was holding positions open a little bit longer as we look to find the right people. Our expectation, as you get through the full year, would be that personnel expense would be slightly negative to maybe flat. So I wouldn't expect it to be down 2.5% to 3% for the remainder of the year, but I still think we're going to have good control over it.
Richard Hightower: All right. That's helpful. And then one quick follow-up there. Are you noticing a divergence between B assets and A assets or different markets where maybe supply has been more of an issue that might lead to more labor tightening as you think about where expenses might grow across the portfolio and where you're seeing those reductions that you just described?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think the reductions that we found predominantly were on B garden assets as we really looked at it hard. I think pricing or wage pressure, you're finding being more prevalent in the A assets, specifically in urban locations where there's heavy competition from the lease-ups for people.
Richard Hightower: All right. That's very helpful. My next question here is probably for Joe. Just in terms of the share repurchase activity for the quarter, is there a message to communicate there to the market in terms of the predictability of those sorts of investments? Or is it just opportunistic as you're able to sell assets and sort of recycle that capital in a way that realizes that positive cap rates spread that was mentioned earlier? How should we think about that in terms of the predictability of the volume, the pace, et cetera?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I think, Rich, one of the words to use there is opportunistic is probably the most appropriate. When you look at the parameters we laid out in the past around discounts to NAV sources and uses, leveraging, et cetera. The only one that really changed within the quarter was the discount to NAV from last time we spoke. So we got down to a fairly substantial discount. Was able to purchase shares at 5.6%. And what you saw was we didn't actually shift our sources of capital, meaning, we didn't go out there and try to ramp up dispositions to fund it. We simply pivoted from additional development and additional acquisitions. So I think we'll take it week by week, month by month and evaluate when we get to a certain level of discount if we have additional capacity available to us. And like the risk return on buybacks versus some other alternative investments, we'll look to pick away. But we definitely aren't committed to a certain dollar size. We're not going to come out and communicate that. But overall, we like what we're able to execute even if it was a little bit small.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman.
Dennis McGill: First one just has to do with the short-term lease program that you talked about and the success that you're having. Can you just maybe help frame a little bit how, what percentage of leases today are on that short-term basis? And then any characteristics of the residents that are choosing short term? And any thoughts on why that's been gaining traction?
Jerry Davis: Sure. I would tell you, even though it's had a significant impact to -- or fairly significant impact to our other income growth, we think it's going to contribute, call it, $3.5 million to $4 million this year to our bottom line. So the number of leases at any given time rarely get above 100 throughout the portfolio as some of those being in our MetLife portfolio, some being in the same-stores. So it's a fairly small percentage of our total occupancy. We try to put a limit at most properties of no more than 1% to 2% of the unit count so we don't get overly exposed. So not a huge risk there. And when you look at who's coming in, it's really a split between 50-50 roughly between business. So it's corporate relocations, short-term assignments of people wanting to come in. And they need to come in for 31 days plus, although our average stay is up in the 70s, and it's much more affordable than a hotel. And then the other half is more on a personal basis, I sold my house. I need somewhere to live for a little while. I have some sort of a medical issue or I need to be near a hospital, things like that. But it's about 50-50 between personal and business.
Dennis McGill: Okay. That's helpful. And just to clarify, that would only be on new leases. You're not offering that on renewals?
Jerry Davis: Yes. These would be -- I don't know if we would -- probably if somebody really wanted to, we would look at it. But I think everything we've done to date has been on new.
Dennis McGill: Okay. Perfect. And then separately, can you maybe just offer thoughts on Seattle and what you're seeing in that market seems to be transitioning maybe a little quicker than some of the other markets or not necessarily your portfolio, but industry-wide and curious on your perspective of what you're seeing?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think Seattle, as you know, has heavy new supply currently. I know in the first quarter, we had revenue growth of 5.2%. We're -- we have really no wholly owned assets in the downtown area. We have one MetLife joint venture that is combating new supply. So it's a bit of a challenge downtown. We have 2 properties up, University District has new supply. But a lot of the new supply sitting today is downtown. The majority of our portfolio is over on the east side, with a heavy segment in Bellevue. And as I stated earlier on the call, Bellevue went through a bout of a new supply coming throughout last year. We expect some new supply to come at it later this year too. But right now, Bellevue remains strong. It had revenue growth in the first quarter of 5.9%. So it's strong. Interestingly, when you look at office vacancy rates in Bellevue, it's down to 2%, so it's full. We've had a lot of large tech firms and other types of companies create campuses over there. REI just consolidated 4 or 5 of their facilities to form a campus. Salesforce has rented out a building over there. Amazon jumped across, like, Washington, and they have a foothold there too. Facebook is over there. So Bellevue is doing very well. And then we've got some B product also that continues to put up very strong numbers. I think when you look at the supply that's coming at Seattle, a lot of it has been focused downtown. So it does affect the entire market. It probably affects us a little bit less than most because of our heavier weighting over on the east side. A lot of people are concerned about the HQ2 diverting some of the jobs away from Downtown Seattle. I can tell you, it seems like it's being supplemented as those Amazon job projections go down a bit. You've got an influx of people into both Bellevue as well as the South Lake Union area from Apple, Facebook, Google. So job growth continues to feel good. Wage growth in Seattle is over 3%. But supply, I think, is going to be a headwind throughout this year, maybe early next year. But it's going to be predominantly focused in the downtown area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Stevenson with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Robert Stevenson: Jerry, D.C. and Orange County were in your sort of 2.5% to 3.5% same-store revenue growth bucket when you gave guidance a few months ago. Anything operationally you're seeing after 4 months give you more optimism on D.C.? And then on Orange County, given that they did 4.1% in the first quarter, are you expecting any deterioration in same-store revenue growth there? Or is it on track to outperform initial expectations?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I'll start with the Orange County, Rob. Orange County had a good first quarter. Like you said, 4.1%, a little bit higher than our full year. It's kind of pacing where we would expect it to. I think you're going to see new supply, especially in the Irvine as well as Huntington Beach area put a little pressure on us. So I still think, at this point, we're comfortable that it's going to probably come back down a little bit. Ideally, we'll find a way to beat that range. But right now, I don't think there's a big change. You're seeing decent job growth, but new supply of 5,000 homes is putting some pressure on us. D.C., we had an uptick on revenue growth from where it was in 4Q. It was 1.9%. In 4Q, it's 2.3%. There's heavy new supply, as I stated in prior calls, still coming at us in the Southwest Waterfront, Ballpark, NoMa areas. Our B portfolio is doing well. Our A assets inside the city are continuing to feel pressures, especially our U Street product -- our 14th Street rather up around U is getting hit pretty hard. We're seeing a spread between the As and Bs in D.C. where As are currently at about 200 basis points lower growth than Bs. So last year, that had kind of compressed. Now it's expanded again as new supplies come in downtown. But we do believe that we'll end up at least in that range of 2.5% to 3.5%, as we had said early in the year. Nothing really negative at this time. Job growth is starting to come into the city. And while there's still some heavy concessionary pressures, again, in those certain submarkets within the district, it doesn't feel like it's having as much of an impact as it did in the second half of last year.
Robert Stevenson: Okay. And then from -- given your comments about capital allocation, from that perspective, where does redevelopment rank today? And what's the redevelopment opportunity, both in terms of the more general kitchen and bath and other small-scale refreshes versus the larger-scale construction projects in the -- available to you in the portfolio today?
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Robert. It's Joe. You mentioned two different pieces there. One, being our traditional revenue-enhancing program, which we guided to $40 million to $45 million. So slightly down from last year, but still seeing a good opportunity set in terms of the ability to get mid- to high-teens cash on cash, getting IRRs that are 150 basis points above what we have for our WACC. So still seeing good opportunity set there. I'd say about, call it, 35%, 40% of those are K&Bs with the rest being more amenity-based projects. From a redevelopment standpoint, we continue to look at it, whether it's densification, larger-scale opportunities, taking down a building off-line and that's fine, saying take 30 units off and put 100 up. There's a number of opportunities that are being evaluated given the fact that overall, we feel pretty good about the fundamental profile going forward in most of our markets. So it ranks up there. It's a priority that the group's working on, but I think today that we put into the pipeline.
Jerry Davis: And I would add, Rob, there's probably, I don't know, 5 to 10 properties that would screen towards potential redevs as we look at them. When I look at the markets they're located in, there's probably a couple in Seattle, a couple in Boston, a handful in D.C. that would probably screen towards that at this point. But it's not a super deep bench, but there are some opportunities. And I think we'll be looking at those as we get into the summer to determine if there's any we would want to start and have in process next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: On the Denver land acquisition, can you just provide some color on the submarket where you purchased the land and the potential timing of construction? And then I think in the past, you talked about Denver being a market with supply pressures. I'm just wondering what makes you comfortable building in this market.
Harry Alcock: Sure. John, this is Harry. First, it's in a justifying area, right up above Mile High Stadium. It's near transit. It's an area, we believe, will benefit significantly from continued densification in and around the site Denver Broncos have a major plan, which is right across the street. Elix Garden's redevelopment is also right across the highway. Continued Sloan's Lake development, et cetera. We wouldn't start construction until the first half of next year, meaning, this is really a late '20 or early '21-type lease-up, which is one of the variables that gives us comfort in terms of a supply. We're really looking at 2.5 or more likely 3 years out. And just in general, as it relates to development, we continue to look for sites given, as you know, we like development and all of its benefits long term. We continue to be disciplined. As you can see our pipeline at $800 million or so, which 90% is funded. Most of our existing pipeline will be completed by early next year, and this is just the site that conserved the backfill of our pipeline in ordinary course.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I would add, John, just 1 or 2 things about that site. It's -- Harry told you about the location. It's very walkable to the light rail. When you look at the price point he's going to be able to build that, the rents are going to be significantly below what downtown product is renting for. And similar to what we did at our CityLine property up in Seattle, where you get that kind of a divergence in price from that core to a slight travel in, I think it really has the opportunity to do extremely well. And I do think the retail in that area is going to build up along with the nightlife. So -- but the big thing Harry said that you keep in mind, it's several years out. The supply pressures that we're feeling right now should easily get absorbed by the significant population and job growth that's coming today and should come for the next several years.
John Kim: Okay. And then the 9% increase you had in real estate taxes, how much of that was related to 421-a in New York versus other markets? And are there any opportunities to appeal tax in other markets?
Joseph Fisher: John, it's Joe. So I'll briefly touch on just the 421, and then Jerry can maybe take you through appeal opportunity. So if you actually look on Attachment 6 in our supp, you can see that down there in the bottom, we do still provide detail related to 421 down in Footnote 2. So you could see in the quarter, about 366,000 or basically 1.4% increase to real estate tax. If you look at our full year expectations, we think it's going to be about $1.3 million, which is again about a 1.4% increase to real estate tax. Obviously, a much lower percentage impact when you go to total expenses and really only about a 15 to 20 basis point impact in NOI overall. So fairly minimal, but we do expect kind of a similar impact going forward for the next several years.
Jerry Davis: And I would just add on total real estate taxes. We appeal everything. I think there's a few out there that we would expect to win that aren't in our forecast, but I don't think it's going to be a hugely significant amount. As we stated earlier this year, when we gave out guidance on expenses, we knew the real estate taxes were going to be high single digits. We still believe that's probably going to be true. And we're working hard to offset it with controllable expenses being kept in check. This past quarter, they were basically flat, if not down slightly. But in addition to New York, as Joe said, you're looking at valuations going up in places like Seattle, Florida, Texas that are driving a lot of this real estate tax growth, too. So you got a look at the other side of it, while your taxes are going up, so are the values of the properties that are having to pay these higher taxes.
John Kim: And can you remind us, is the 421-a burn-off a onetime issue predominantly this year? Or is that going to be an issue going forward?
Joseph Fisher: No. It's going to remain an issue for the next several years for us. It peaks out in 2020, not much above these levels and then dwindles from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Santos with Sandler O'Neill.
Daniel Santos: Just quickly, just wanted to know if you guys can comment on your general ability to shelter gains from asset sales to fund buybacks?
Joseph Fisher: Daniel, it's Joe. So we do have restrictions as regards to share in terms of payout of income and gain capacity relative to our taxable income and our dividend. Today, I'd say we have about $100 million of gain capacity in the system, which dependent on the efficiency of the asset, i.e., the embedded gain that exists, can give you anywhere from, say, $100 million to $200 million, if not more, to be able to sell in a given year. Those sales are typically allocated to fund normal course business, meaning our development program, our DCP program, et cetera. So to go beyond that and sell additional assets, you do have certain levers that you can pull, meaning pulling forward dividends and things of that nature. But those are really kind of onetime in nature that may set you up on a go-forward basis and a less advantageous position. So at this point, we don't feel the discount is compelling enough to start to pull forward dividend and gain capacity, but we do have that lever to pull in the future to the extent that we have a much larger discount.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Guinee with Stifel.
John Guinee: I'm a little new to this, but it looks like you did a $20 million land loan in Alameda with a 1-year maturity. It almost seems not worth the effort for only a year maturity. Is there more to it than that?
Harry Alcock: John, this is Harry Alcock. Yes, the expectation is that once the developer has a completed development plan and begins construction that we would grow that in actually increase it into sort of a normal Developer Capital Program/preferred equity-type investment. And in fact, in the document, we have a right to provide that, providing the ultimate economics makes sense to us. Our expectation is this is going to roll into a much longer-term investment.
John Guinee: Great. Okay. And then sort of a big-picture question. It seems to me that depending on whose numbers you look at, we're delivering about 350,000 units annually in this country. And that probably equates to at least 2,000 projects. And it appears to me that most of these projects are delivering except in the most aggressive areas, that a 6 yield on cost. Why is it that UDR has chosen to not play that game? This supply is going to come whether UDR or the public REITs build a project or 2 or not?
Joseph Fisher: John. Maybe I'll just take a little bit of it. One, I think you got to start with cost of capital. You look at where we're at today at a discount to NAV, which doesn't necessarily give you a strong signal to go and be aggressive on external growth. So if you look at alternative uses, we do have other opportunities out there. So we are not just purely a developer. We can pivot at any given point in time, which we've shown with DCP and buybacks. And then lastly, we are participating. We just remained incredibly disciplined around it, which has been shown through the shrinking pipeline over the last couple years. But now that we are starting to find some opportunities such as this Denver deal, that still meets our 150, 200 basis points spread requirement and gets us up into the 6-plus type of yield. So it's not that we're not going to participate. It's not that we don't want to. It's simply that there's a discipline and alternatives around it that we can go to.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors.
John Pawlowski: Going back to the property tax conversation. Outside of the typical catch-up from assessed values to market values, are you guys seeing any inflection points from perhaps fiscally strained cities or states that are reaching more aggressively for property taxes, which could persist for a couple years now?
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. The only one I've heard or seen that occurring maybe is in the Seattle market with either King or Snohomish County, but I haven't seen it anywhere else.
Thomas Toomey: The only thing I would add, I think your research has pointed it out. I mean, this is primarily driven by the fact that the asset values continue to go up, and operations trends continue to improve. So I mean, our earlier remarks, we continue to believe that the real estate and tax environment is going to be challenging, but reflective, it makes rational sense if operations are improving and values are improving. How states fund themselves, I think there's a wide range of outcomes on that topic. And I'm waiting to see some more research from people when they start looking at deficits and how cities are planning to fund their education for the future.
John Pawlowski: Exactly. That's why I asked, trying to catch early glimpses of the next Chicago to overuse a case study. Harry, how would you characterize the competitiveness of the preferred lending space versus last year? Is this tranche of financing becoming cheaper or more expensive for the developers you guys usually work with?
Harry Alcock: I think it's remained fairly consistent. There continue to be opportunities. The senior sort of lending environment has not changed, meaning, proceeds have not ticked up. Developers are still typically limited to 50% to 55%, maybe 60% loan to cost. In some circumstances, equity is still available, but not in the same levels that it was two years ago. So I think that tranche has remained fairly consistent over the past 12 months or so in terms of both opportunity set and in terms of pricing levels.
Thomas Toomey: John, this is Toomey. I'd add a couple of points that are interesting to me when I look at it. The spread on construction loan, L plus 200 a year ago, 2 years ago, is now an L plus 350, 400. When you combine that at a 55% proceed 60, there's probably more opportunity coming our way. What's intriguing to me is the construction loans rolling over to perms, and you're realizing people that have 10-year are basically borrowing at 4.25 at 70%. So I'm intrigued to see how all this construction activity gets refi-ed. Will it be done quicker to try to get off of that burden of those construction loans. And what we do know is Fannie is a little bit behind in its book of business this year. So you're probably going to see a lot of people trying to stabilize and push, get off those construction loans. So it's an overall topic we're discussing, looking at it and asking ourselves where's the opportunity set moving to.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Sullivan with BTIG.
James Sullivan: A couple of questions about the New York market, just to follow on some of the commentary earlier about 421-a. When I take a look at the expense growth in that market on a same-store basis, really going to '16, the expense growth was at 7% at '16, 11.5% last year, just about 7% here in Q1. And tying that together with the comments that were made earlier about 421-a, should we be expecting that the -- or do you expect the same-store expense growth to kind of stay at that level until the 421-a burns off, number one? And kind of number two, you've referred to concessions generally, and I know they've been a factor in New York. To what extent is that at play here in these numbers?
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. First, I do think you should expect to see New York expense levels remain elevated until that period. Joe was talking about when the 421s burn off. The rest of our expense load there had been well controlled. So yes, I think you're going to see that until at least 2021 till it moderates somewhat. Concessions, they're in contra revenue accounts, so they're not impacting the expense line at all.
James Sullivan: Okay. So if we look at the revenue line back in '16, you had better than 4% growth in the top line, and that delivered a little over 3% same-store. And of course, that has been weakening since that time, '17 and so far, in '18. And given your view as to the amount of supply that's coming and how much is coming in the markets that you're sensitive to, when do you expect -- or thinking about it out through the next several quarters, do you foresee that top line getting back to kind of a 4% number within that period of time? And I guess, if not, to what extent do you think about monetizing some of the value that, that would create in New York?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I'll start with the growth. We had a weak quarter. It was negative 0.4% really related to 2 or 3 things. One-- the primary one, very tough comp to last year, where our utility reimbursements, which are a revenue line item for us, were at kind of an elevated level compared to this year just because utility expenses were much higher. In addition, concessions were a bit higher this year than last year. But yes, right now, New York is very competitive with new supply. We have predominantly a B portfolio. Two of our assets are in the Financial District. One's in Murray Hill. And those properties, while we're losing people over to the new lease-ups in Long Island city or Brooklyn, I do think that first-time renters that typically would have started out with us there are seeing other opportunities in LIC and Brooklyn. So it's really putting kind of, again, a ceiling on where our rent growth could be. So while we've had exceptional really industry-leading revenue growth in New York for the last 3 or 4 years, I think right now, because the competition from some of these inferior boroughs that have new product, they're putting more pressure on our lower price point Manhattan properties. When is it going to get back up to 4%? I don't see that happening until probably at the earliest, I don't know, 2020. I think 2019 is going to continue to be difficult, and I think job growth in New York has picked up. Wage growth is north of 3%. So I think on the demand side, you're seeing some strength. But we just have to get through these 25,000-or-so new apartment homes that are being built. Now it as far as monetizing, Tom or Harry, want to jump on that one?
Harry Alcock: Sure. This is Harry. We would consider that in the context of sort of ordinary capital allocation decision processes where we look at overall sources of uses, opportunities to redeploy capital, gain capacity, long-term fundamentals of the market or individual properties, that type of things. So we don't have any immediate plans to talk about. But New York, we consider in the context of these other opportunities.
James Sullivan: But it sounds like if the same-property NOI growth is going to trail the portfolio averages for a while, it should certainly be kind of high in the list of candidates to monetize?
Jerry Davis: Yes, maybe. I think you've got to look at long-term perspective. It's -- we're not looking at 1 or 2 years out. We're looking at the long-term fundamentals of New York, and I don't think we want to make a snap decision for what's going to be happening over the next year or two.
Harry Alcock: And if you think about it, just to sort of pile on that a little bit, as tax abatement burns off, therefore, your sort of NOI flattens out, each sort of year where that tax abatement burns off, in theory, the cap rate on the underlying asset decreases because again, the long-term NOI growth increases as you look out 10 years or whatever in the ordinary buyer would. So in theory, the value of the asset is going to be fairly priced in the market, and that would be reflected if we were to sell the asset.
Operator: Next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wesley Golladay: Just going back to the Alameda, the 4% yield is quite nice. Is that just a function of the shorter duration a little bit early in the process of the development? Or is there not just not a lot of skin in the game for the developer at the moment?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. And again, as you've seen our Developer Capital Program, we've priced these in a number of different ways, anywhere from 6.5% to with a 50% participation all the way up to this one and a couple of others at a straight 12% coupon with no participation and a couple of that are in between. But it's really just a function of a negotiation with the developer between the sort of allocation between current coupon and participation. So there's nothing unusual about this one.
Warren Troupe: There was just in terms of skin in the game, this is not a legacy land parcel that we're giving appraised value to. This was new cash coming into purchase a land parcel. So we're up to about 80% of cost on this one. So we have sufficient cushion behind us.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I'd like to hand the call back to Chairman, CEO, and President, Mr. Toomey for closing comments.
Thomas Toomey: Well, thank all of you for your time and interest in UDR today. We started off this call with a statement that it was a strong first quarter. And clearly, from the prospects that we have for the second and the tone of this call, you can see that we're in pretty darned good shape headed into Q2. I want to reiterate that continued focus on our execution, and we have a lot of opportunities with a backdrop of an improving market. So I'm very optimistic as well as the rest of the management team that 2018 is off to a good start and looks to be a good year for us and excited to see you at NAREIT in the future. With that, take care.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-07 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Van Ens - VP Tom Toomey - CEO, President and Director Jerry Davis - COO Joseph Fisher - CFO Harry Alcock - CIO
Analysts: Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Drew Babin - Robert W. Baird Rich Hightower - Evercore Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Denniss McGill - Zelman & Associates Nick Yulico - UBS Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Nick Joseph - Citigroup Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the UDR fourth quarter 2017 earnings call [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President, Chris Van Ens. Thank you, Mr. Van Ens, you may begin.
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to UDR’s Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Our fourth quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to UDR’s Chairman, CEO and President, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to UDR’s Fourth Quarter 2017 Conference Call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. I will address three topics today, first a macro outlook for 2018 and beyond, how do UDR strategies differentiating characteristics fits into this outlook and finally a quick review of 2017.  First, our high-level demand assumptions for 2018 include a general economic outlook as measured by consensus GDP growth of 2.6% the second highest level over the past decade and creating a growing tailwind. The continuation of solid job growth and accelerating wage growth as full employment is upon us.  Regarding tax reform, the general view is it create a bias towards vendor ship as well as a positive impact on corporate earnings and our residence take home pay will increase. We’re taking a wait and see approach, therefore is not explicitly factored into our guidance. And slowly improving single family housing market but with minimal changes to the overall home ownership.  Potential headwinds include elevated new supply and higher interest rates both into the curve. Taking together these macro drivers should results in a relatively stable 2018 apartment environment with our pricing power and occupancy expected to be similar to that up 2017.  Beyond 2018 we’re more optimistic on a macro outlook for our business as global and U.S. economies are enjoying board base growth after years of monitory and now tax. As multifamily demand typically eco’s for broader economy we should continue to see healthy demand coupled with 2019 apartment deliveries that are expected to decline. All in a positive set of facts but too early to call 2019, although UDR will benefit from an improving NOI contribution from our recent development completions which totaled approximately 500 million in capital invested.  Moving on, we just continued publishing our two-year outlook, given our stable outlook. A consistent strategic direction that we’ve executed well upon over the last five years, our ongoing best in class disclosure and both solicited and unsolicited feedback from our shareholder base. Moving forward we will continue to openly discuss our strategic direction with market participants.  Next the strategies we intent to employee throughout UDR primary business areas in the year ahead, look fairly similar to those employed since 2013, because they work and include first our best in class operations will continue to be driven by strong blocking and tackling and our innovative technology driven initiatives that are consistently boost our run rate results. We were at the top same store growth performer in 2017 and expect to again be bad in 2018.  Second, we prudently allocated capital throughout 2017 and will continue to do so in 2018. Our developer capital program is accretive to our bottom line and will continue to look for opportunities, while remaining disciplined in our underwriting.  Our development pipeline will likely shrink in 2018 due to the difficulty of hitting return requirements on new projects. But we will continue to look for accretive opportunities to back fill our pipeline.  While our third-party forecast called for interest rates to increase in 2018, we had minimal refinancing exposure due to the significant balance sheet activities we completed throughout 2017.  And last our diversified portfolio, by both geography and price point, should continue to serve us well in 2018 and beyond. Let me close by saying that as we look back on 2017, we executed our growth plan well, which resulted in two same-store and FFO guidance raises and ha farm TFR for our shareholders. A special thanks to all our UDR associates for your strong blocking and tackling in operations, disciplined capital allocation and continued willingness to actively innovate across all aspects of our business.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jerry to address operations.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. I’m pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results. Year-over-year, fourth quarter same-store revenue and NOI growth were 3.1%. After including pro rata same-store JV communities, which they were urban, A+ product, revenue and NOI growth were 2.8%.  Accordingly, results were driven by solid blended lease rate growth of 1.9%, a robust top line contribution from our long life to operating their initiatives, stable occupancy of 96.8%, annualized turn over that was 40 basis points lower year-over-year and a continued objective to drive down expense growth where impossible.  Full-year 2017 same-store revenue and NOI growth were 3.7% and 3.8% respectively and driven by factors similar to those that contributed to our strong quarterly results. A special thank you to all of our associates in the field and the corporate office for continuing to maximize our top line growth while also limiting controllable expense growth under 2% in 2017.  Moving on. We saw a minimal pressure for move-outs to home purchase or rent increase, at 14% and 5% of reasons for move-out during the fourth quarter. Likewise, net bad debt remains low, all our at levels consistent with previous quarters. Next, the primary 2018 macroeconomic assumption that underpin our same-store guidance. First, national job growth of approximately 150,000 per month with wage growth averaging 3% to 3.5%. These are set against elevated to multifamily completion in many of our markets due to supply slipping from 2017 and to 2018. I would note further deliveries slippage throughout 2018 due to construction labor shortages remains a wild card.  2018 UDR specific assumptions are as follows. Overall, pricing power in the form of blended, lease rate growth is expected to be relatively comparable to what we saw in 2017. Occupancy is forecast to remain in the high 96% range. Other income should continue to grow at an outsized rate versus rental rate growth or perhaps not as strongly as we saw in 2017.  Controllable expense growth will remain in check due to efficiency initiatives but real-estate taxes will continue to provide pressure given our 421 burn-offs in New York and higher valuations across assorted markets. B quality and sub urban properties should generally continue to outperform A quality and urban assets, and same-store community addition for the full-year positively impact our revenue growth by 10 basis points to 15 basis points, expenses by 15 basis points to 20 basis points and NOI by 20 basis points to 25 basis points. Taken together we are expecting same-store revenue expense and NOI growth to each be 2.5% to 3.5% in 2018. Holistically we anticipate that our 2018 operating strategy will continue to favor occupancy over rate growth as apartment fundamentals are expected to bump along the trough. These are improving, nor meaningfully worsening throughout the year. Importantly we anticipate blended year-over-year lease rate growth to crossover versus last year sometime in the first quarter. Regarding our markets, those expected to grow same-store revenue and rate above the high end of the of our 2.5% to 3.5% portfolio growth include Seattle Los Angeles, the Florida markets and Monterey. These markets represent 26% of forecast 2018 NOI. Washington DC Orange County San Francisco Boston Nashville Dallas and other small markets that represent approximately 63% of forecast NIO are expected to be in line with the range. And New York and Austin which represents approximately 11% of forecast NOI are expected to generate growth below the low end of the range. Moving on our development pipeline in aggregate continues to generate lease rates and leasing velocities in line with original expectations. In our $350 million Pacific City development in Huntington Beach, what we have delivered and leased is achieving strong rental rates, but past construction delays continue to negatively impact our velocity given the projects high-end clientele. Pac City will be a game changing asset in Orange County once complete but will be a drag on our 2018 results versus previous expectations.  The 345 Harrison our $367 million project in Boston, we recently opened our leasing office and are around 6% preleased. 345 and our JV developments remain largely on budget and on schedule with a notable positive exception of [indiscernible] west. This community is leased up at a much quicker pace and underwritten and has raised rents three times to date. Community specific quarter end lease up statistics are available on attachment 9 on our supplement. Last, I would like to again thank all of our associates in the field and at corporate for making 2017 another successful year for the company, onto a successful 2018. With that I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our fourth quarter results and forward guidance, a transactions update, and a balance sheet and capital markets update. Our fourth quarter and full year earnings results came in at the mid points of our previously provided guidance ranges. FFOs adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.48 and $0.42 for the quarter, and a $1.87 and $1.72 for the full year. 2017 AFFO was up $0.09 or 5.5% versus 2016, driven by our strong operating platform which produced robust NOI growth as well as our disciplined capital deployment decisions. Next, I’ll provide several high-level comments related to our 2018 guidance, the details of which can be found on attachment 15 of our supplement.  Full-year 2018 FFO as adjusted per share guidance is $1.91to a $1.95 and AFFO is a $1.76 to a $1.80 respectively. Primary drivers of the $0.06 of growth between our 2017 FFO as adjusted of $1.87 and our 2018 $1.93 midpoint include a positive impact of approximately $0.07 from same-store, JV, and commercial operations, flat G&A year-over-year, a neutral impact from development and developer capital program investments after accounting for funding costs and the negative impact of approximately $0.01 from higher LIBOR and other non-core items.  Additionally, the difference between our 2018 FFO as adjusted midpoint of $1.93 and a $1.95 we provided in last year’s three-year strategic outlook is driven by the following. A positive impact of approximately $0.02 from developer capital program investments, high prepayment activity and lower G&A, offset by negative impact of approximately $0.02 from lower forecasted 2018 same-store and JV growth and a negative impact of approximately $0.02 from developmental delays. Moving on as Jerry indicated in his prepared remarks, our full year 2018 same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth guidance ranges are each 2.5% to 3.5% with forecasted occupancy of 96.7 to 96.9. Regarding sources and uses, we have a de minimis amounts of pre-financing that needs to be completed in 2018 and continue to focus on dispositions to fund our development and developer capital program. For the first quarter our guidance ranges are $0.46 to $0.48 for FFO as adjusted and $0.44 to $0.46 for AFFO. Next transactions, during the quarter we sold two fully owned communities Vista Del Ray and Villas at Carlsbad located in Orange County in Suburban San Diego for 69 million at a weighted average nominal cap rate of 5.4%. The communities were 50 years old on average. Subsequent to quarter end we entered into a contract to sell Pacific Shores, a 264-home community in Orange County for 90.5 million subject to customary closing conditions.  As we look into 2018 and beyond we continue to favor investment in our fully owned development pipeline and developer capital program which had a quarter end investment balance of 159 million and an effective yield in the mid 7% range. However, given the difficulty of finding economical land in many of our markets it is likely the size of our development pipeline will continue to shrink for the foreseeable future. While it is our desire to add more land to the balance sheet, to restock our pipeline over time, we will remain disciplined as we underwrite prospective deals. Next, moving onto balance sheet and capital markets, during the quarter we issued $300 million of 10-year unsecured debt at a coupon of 3.5%. In conjunction with the issuance we redeemed 300 million or 4.25% debt originally due June 1, 2018. At quarter end our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capital, net off the commercial paper balance was $855 million, our financial leverage was 33.2% on un-depreciated book value, 24.3% on enterprise value and 28.9% inclusive of joint ventures. Our net debt to EBITDA was 5.3 times and inclusive of joint ventures was 6.4 times.  Looking ahead we remain comfortable to our credit metrics and don’t plan to actively lever up or down although you will likely see our revolver balance drift lower throughout the year.  With regard to the profile of our balance sheet, similar to our 2017 activity we will continue to look for MPV positive opportunities to improve our duration and increase the size of our unencumbered NOI pool.  Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.31 in the fourth quarter or a $1.24 per share when annualized and in conjunction with our release we raised our 2018 annualized dividend to a $1.29 per share representing a 4% year over year increase and a yield of approximately 3.7%.  With that I will open it up for Q&A, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hi, good morning Jerry you mentioned that you expect blended lease rates to turn a little bit positive early in the year, just curious what markets are predominantly driving that re-acceleration.
Jerry Davis: You know when you really look at January of this year compared to January of last year it did cross over, we were at a negative 0.3% in January of ‘18 that compares to a negative 0.7% when you look at January of ‘17 and roughly half of the markets are doing a little bit better on this blended -- on this new lease rate than it did last year including Boston, DC, Seattle, San Francisco, the two Florida markets as well as Salinas.  And then you know there’s several markets that are fairly close and there’re some like New York that are down year over year.  And then think when you look at renewal growth, renewal growth in the month of January was up on an effective basis 4.9% and that’s down just 20 basis points from January of last year when it was 5.1. So, on a blended basis we’re probably right up that cross over in January and February, we do think that it kind of bottomed. And we’re not forecasting at this point a hockey stick where you start seeing current year blended rate growth significantly higher than it was last year but as you looked at last year it was consistently less than it was the prior year so we really look at 2018, we think blended rate growth is probably going to be comparable to what it was in 2017 and that was in the mid twos. You know when you look at the earning of embedded rents coming into this year it was about 1.1% that’s about 30 to 40 bps lower than what it was coming into 2017.
Austin Wurschmidt: That’s helpful and then you mentioned turnover was done, I think you said 40 basis points in 2017, I’m just curious how that stacks up historically with turnover and what are you assuming going forward from a turnover perspective?
Jerry Davis: We thought last year we had a lot of success in turnover again it was down 40 bp in the fourth quarter at 41% full year was just under 50%, was 110 basis points, where in the last year I would remind you that we started this short-term furnished rental last year, which had a negative effect on turnover, so the numbers would have been even better if we had had those 200 or so move outs related to those short-term rentals but as we look into 2018, we continue to listen to our customers, we continue to not be excessively aggressive on renewal rate increases and today we would be forecasting turnover to be roughly flat with what it was in 2017.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria : Just thinking about supply, what’s the level of conviction in any sense of what the decline may be from ‘18 into ‘19 that you guys are expecting at this point. 
Joseph Fisher: Juan, as we forecast out to ‘19, we had a couple of different data points to help triangulate as we think about it, but, when we look at start some permit activity that took place in 2017, obviously those were down around 10%. So, I think that gives you a good lead time when you think about typical construction timelines that we would expect 2019, to come about that launch.  Also, obviously talked our groups on the ground, try to get a sense for what they see taking place and what they see as competitive supply going forward. And its covers, such as [match] and other and other conversations with the brighter market participants and the merchant builders and they continue to have difficulty given the construction financing environment out there to really get new starts going in and get their capital lined up. So, I think we have a decent amount of conviction that it is going to trend down from ‘18 level, what will remain to the question is, how much of ‘18 into ‘19, but we feel pretty good they will be coming down. 
Juan Sanabria : Great and then just on the same store revenues, what’s the main driver between the variance from bottom end to high end and what do you guys factoring with regards to concessions and if you could just give us an update on what you seen on a concessionary front. 
Jerry Davis: Sure, Juan this is Jerry, I guess to start with concessions on more of a historical basis. Our fourth quarter concessions were down 35% year-over-year and if you factoring gift card, which show up [ph] down our marketing cost those were down 71%. So, we’ve been utilizing concessions as well gift cards less than we did a year prior. We see concessions levels continuing to come down a bit in 2018 as we modeled out the year.  You asked how do you get to the high end and low end of our guidance and our guidance runs from 2.5% to 3.5% when a mid-point of 3%. I guess first I’m going to walk you from our 3.7 reported in 2017 and we get down to 3.  First, we don’t expect any addition to revenue growth from occupancy, we forecasted occupancy we stabled at high 96 range. So, you don’t have 20 bps of growth like we did in 2017. Second as I stated earlier those embedded risk that we entered the year with were about 40 bps lower and what they were last year, so you don’t have that, that takes you down another 40 bps and then other income which was a major contributing factor to our outperformance of 2017 only I think it will continue and contribute significantly, we’re not counting on it being quite as much of a benefit in 2018 as it was in 2017 so that’s probably 10 basis points less.  So again, you go from the 37 you don’t get the 20 bps of occupancy, you don’t have the 40 bps of embedded rents and you lose 10 basis points compared to the prior year of other income growth, and it gets you to the three.  Another way of looking at it to get to that midpoint is our blended rate growth both last year and this year we expect to be in that mid two range and then when you look at the contribution that we expect outsized from other income we think it’s going to be somewhere in that 40 basis points to 70 basis points and that gets you to the 3%.  So depending on how you like to come from it that’s why this is a midpoint what gets us to the top end would really be outsized job growth that helps us push rents but outsized wage growth which right now look like it’s going to be about 3% for this year and if we have more success on other income items such as the short-term furnish rentals as well as parking above what we have in our plan not it get us to the high-end will get us to the low-end 2.5 would be lower job growth in the expect your rational pricing from some of this new supply that we are going to be competing with and if we are less successful on our other income initiatives. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Babin with Robert W. Baird.
Drew Babin : Question on community larger markets D.C and Orange County, obviously last year I think demand growth may be disappointed in Southern California overall coupled with some new supplies. It just seems like the new supplies maybe kind of burning off to some degree at least in Orange County by the end of ‘18. Something you talk about demand growth in Orange County what you are seeing there and then I guess while you are on it, let’s talk about D.C. and what you are seeing in terms of private sector employment.
Jerry Davis: Orange County last year we felt some effects from supplies specially in locations like Huntington Beach and job growth that was probably the biggest culprit to our disappointment. We only have 13,000 jobs in 2017 down in OC compared to about 25,000 in 2016. Current projections that were getting from Moody’s as job growth in ‘18 should be back up to about 28,000. You are seeing a reduction in manufacturing jobs but an increase in white collared jobs in Orange County, so again we’re expecting job growth to be about double what it was last year in Orange County.  Supply is currently expected to be a hair higher than it was last year, this year or in 2017 it was about 5,000 to 6,000 units and ‘18 is projected to be closer to 7,000. So, Orange County if the jobs comp should do comparable to what it did this year we are currently forecasting revenue as you look at Orange County to be in the below 3s.  When you get over to D.C. the year started out with a sluggish job growth and it picked-up measurably as the year progressed. What we feel like hurt us more in D.C. this past year was due supply down in the ballpark areas as well as on the southwest waterfront, little bit of supply also in Noma and even though we don’t have properties directly in those submarkets we felt that most acutely in our Logan circle U Street area where during the fourth quarter we actually had revenue growth, it was negative 1.5%. So, within a district when you have a different neighborhood it is drawing down some of our resident base.
Drew Babin : And then just quickly on the dispositions you made in the fourth quarter and under contract in 1Q ‘18 in Southern California can you talk about the sale cap rates on those? I suppose like some of these weren’t ROI CapEx opportunities management [ph] 50 years old kind of limit to what you can do that, would you shed some color there?
Harry Alcock: Drew this is Harry. The sale cap rates were around the 5, there is a top 13 effects for the buyers who have much lower cap rates, you are right these are 50 year old assets in sort of our analysis included the theory that capital flows into value added product or extraordinary which from our perspective resulted in very good pricing more in the fact we thought we were being paid for any potential value add that we could have put into the property.  I mean if you just look at price per unit which I think are sort of a more enduring and consistent metric that cap rates of these assets all traded for well over 300,000 per unit. I mean just by way of comparison we just built a brand-new property in urban at 335 a unit which is very comparable to the price per unit that we received on these old 50-year-old assets.
Drew Babin : I guess one follow up on that. Looking for private equity and other investors are obviously very interested in suburban value add play are there any kind of just warning shots or transaction that you are seeing that are evidence of maybe more interesting CBD core type product or is supply kind of needed there, need to work its way through before you think that. 
Jerry Davis: We are starting to hear and see some evidence that capital is flowing back to core CBD as you mentioned. Again, there is just an abundance of capital that’s chasing multifamily today. And at some point, that capital needs to find a home. So, where value add continues to be oversubscribed from the capital demand standpoint you are going to see capital reallocate in trying to find that home and in core we are starting see that a little bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: Jerry going back to your prepared comments on the different markets and where they stack up relative to the same store range can you give us a sense of which market might potentially diverge most widely from your current forecast and what the drivers might in those specific markets?
Jerry Davis: Sure, I have been gone this and everybody always seems concerned about Seattle. Right now, we have Seattle just one of our top four five markets with our revenue growth north of four. Currently Seattle has come out of the gates a bit sluggish similar to what it did last year and then it turned over.  I will tell you this even though it feels a little bit sluggish versus our original plan when I look at new lease rate growth in the month of January in Seattle it was positive 0.5%, last January it was negative 1.5%. So, while it doesn’t feel great versus our original plan, it feels stronger than it did last year and accelerated. We are cognizant in Seattle that you have got new supply that’s going to hit predominantly in the CBD as well as up in the EU district.  We only have two same-store properties in those markets its two small deals up in the EU. A lot of the new supply that hit Bellevue last year has been absorbed and job growth is occurring out there whether it’s from Salesforce or Amazon or REI consolidating their campus.  So, Bellevue where we have a large concentration, we still are doing well, fourth quarter we have revenue growth north of 6%, we also have some B assets which are down in the southern suburbs of [indiscernible] as well as the Northern of [indiscernible] that continued to perform well above our average though.  While we recognize that Amazon has come out since they are going to take their future hiring level from the 70,000 that they talked about 50,000, there’re other tech companies that are starting up facilities whether it’s a Southlake Union or Bellevue or whether it’s Facebook, Google, Salesforce that are operating in more of a diversified workforce beyond Amazon.  So, Seattle is one that I think can go either way, it can surprisingly upside the last two years, as everybody had concern or supply really couldn’t hit it so that’s one that we are watching quite a bit right now. And then the [indiscernible] starting out the year a bit better than original expectations in San Francisco, you’ve had good job growth especially down in that [indiscernible] Hill area, the financial district where Salesforce has just started occupying their building as well as the new offices that are opening up down in Mission Bank, but right now San Francisco is continuing to do pretty well. And then the last one it’s really taken off it’s been Orlando, very strong early results there, it’s not a major market for us but I think the influx of people from Puerto Rico has driven the population up and they are getting jobs and they are renting apartments, so those would be more of the positives.
Rich Hightower: And then anything on the negative side?
Jerry Davis: Right now, I think Boston has started out a bit sluggish, again that can happen, in the winter months there, we obviously had a disappointing fourth quarter in Boston where revenue growth was under 2% after being north of 5% and that was really related predominantly to pricing pressure within the CBD, mainly in our back-bay property, as well as there’s a lease up, that’s competing against us in our seaport area property. But Boston is one that I think most people feel even the supply is there, the job growth is going to be very strong but it’s one that starting off on our stabilized deals, it’s been a bit weak, but when we look at the success we’ve had at our 345 Harrison deal, we’ve leased over 40 units there in the last month, and we don’t even open for occupancy for a couple more months. So, kind of we’re watching down but historically seeing in Boston that once March comes around you tend to see a significant acceleration in traffic patterns.
Rich Hightower: Secondly, it’s more of a I guess a housekeeping question, as you mentioned the contribution to the same-store revenue and NOI from properties being newly included in same-store [indiscernible] could you give us a sense of which properties are being included in that number, at least among the major ones just to know the changes that are proposed up?
Jerry Davis: Actually, if you guys out there want to look at on page 11 of our supplement we do detail out in the middle of that page what corner properties come into same store [indiscernible] so you’ll see the additions to the first quarter of ‘18 and [indiscernible] the full year same stores. And it’s predominantly I think it’s four props, three properties, four properties excuse me in the Seattle market, 880 Newport Beach which is the [indiscernible] down in Newport Beach and then Edgewater which is in the Mission Bay area of San Francisco, and it’s about 2200 doors.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley, please proceed with your question.
Rich Hill: Hey good morning guys, thanks for taking the phone call. We spent a little bit of time on some of your bigger markets but also want to spend maybe a little bit of time, start talking about some of your smaller markets and how much that diversity is helping your revenue growth in the year ahead and maybe as you answer that question I’d love to maybe get a little bit more color on what you’re seeing in job growth outside of some of the major markets and how that relates to supply. It’s a big question but I’ll leave it up to you. 
Joseph Fisher: I guess I would start with you know probably three of the strongest markets we’ve had over the last two years have been our two Florida prop markets, Orlando and Tampa where not only have those markets done well but we’ve done exceptionally well within those markets versus our peers. When you look at Orlando and Tampa our expectation in 2018 will be a slight deceleration from this year but still revenue growth in the 4 to 5%, Harry spoke to the influx from Puerto Rico that’s affecting Orlando but even prior to that Orlando was enjoying very strong job growth and in 2018 job growth in Orlando is expected to be about 2.8% compared to about 1.3 nationally.  Tampa is coming in at about 2.7% so it’s also coming in very strong, and other than certain submarkets there’s not a ton of new supply. Our properties in those two markets also tend to be in the B, maybe in B- range, but we don’t compete nearly as much against the new supply.  Another market that has probably been our leader the last couple of years, it’s not really significant but it’s our Monterey portfolio which has had double digit growth and then high single digit last year in revenue growth. This next year it should once again be our top market at right around 6% revenue growth.  Employment growth is going to be stagnant at about 1.1% so slightly below national average, it’s predominantly an agricultural community. What really benefits that market is there’s been no new supply probably in the last four to five years as job growth has continued to do well.  And then the two markets that have been a little sluggish for us and we think will be in that middling range for us this year would be Baltimore and Richmond. Baltimore is this next year’s going to have job growth fairly close to national average at 1.3% Richmond’s going to be at about 1.5%. So, they’ll kind of be in the middle not big contributors or detractors.
Rich Hill: Got it, and just one follow up question. Are you seeing any sort of population migration trends away from San Francisco, Seattle, D.C., Boston to some of these, I don’t know, secondary markets that you can identify at this point or is it maybe too early to put a finger on that?
Jerry Davis: It’s probably a bit too early, if you’re talking about -- are you talking about related to tax reform or…?
Rich Hill: No, just generally speaking. We’re hearing that population migration is down over the past 5, 10, 20 years but starting to see some population migration trends to cities that are may be a little bit more affordable and still dynamic as well. So, you obviously have a diversified portfolio, and I was wondering if you’re seeing any evidence of that.
Jerry Davis: Yes. You’re seeing a bit. I mean, we’re seeing population growth come to places like Denver, Portland. I think Seattle has got some influx that of Northern California, within the state of California you’re seeing people move, especially protect jobs from the Bay Area down into Playa Vista down in Southern California. But, I wouldn’t say anything of significance other than those.
Joseph Fisher: Just maybe one follow-up on that. We do pay attention to migration trends, the population growth. And given the diversified portfolio, clearly, while we have some markets that will experience outmigration at times, we’re most likely to benefit in other places. But traditionally, the Sunbelt is going to be where we see greater population employment growth but probably a little bit less on income growth. And if you go over to bicoastals, it’s typically where we see greater changes in income growth and wage growth. And that’s been pretty similar over the last year, if you look at our biggest wage growth, growers are -- it’s Northern California, it’s Seattle, it’s some of those -- we focus on the composition of both, not just immigration population but income growth and the ability to drive rental income ratios over time. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
John Kim: I just wanted to follow up on Richard’s question on your Sunbelt exposure. It’s been going down steadily over last few years, it’s down 17% of your NOI and four years ago it was 27%. Will you potentially be allocating to the Sunbelt based on your findings of tax reform?
Joseph Fisher: Hey, John. It’s Joe. So, first, a comment, before tax reform took place, if you look at what we’ve done over the last 12 months, I think you’ve seen us consistently say kind of the markets we want to increase exposure to which was number of those kind of Sunbelt type of markets such as Austin, Nashville, Denver and Portland. What you’ve seen is through DCP and other investments we’ve been able to increase exposure to I think all but Austin within those four that we have targeted at this point. So, you do see us trying to target those markets relative to our bicoastal. In addition, you’ve seen disposition activity in 4Q as well as our 1Q subsequent activity. As Harry talked about, the Orange County and Southern California dispositions, really more of a byproduct of our overweight to Orange County and the fact that we have Pac City coming on here this year which will increase NOI exposure. As it relates to tax reform and impact of that, I’d say, it’s still early days. And I don’t expect to see a necessarily year one or year two impact from it but it is a good longer term question. When we ran through the numbers related to it, what we found by going down the IRS database and like many by income by zip code and by market, was that overall -- our consumer base has after tax increase of $1,700 or 3%. When you go to the bicoastals, you are really more like a call it 1% increase in New York, 2% in California, 2.5% in Boston and then all our other markets are kind of 3% to 3.5% increases. So, I would say not nearly as draconian as perhaps the headlines would have implied in terms of potential migration trends. But it’s something that we are evaluating and we will continue to think about.
John Kim: And do you think the peak leasing season will give you an indication of this or will it take a couple of years potentially to realize the full impact?
Joseph Fisher: In terms of migration trends within MSAs, it’s going to take longer than a couple of months of bottom line impact on the consumer pockets before we see an impact. The hope is of course that as everyone has more dollars in their pockets that as you go through leasing season, maybe you see some additional strength.
John Kim: And then, my second question is on the MetLife and KFH JVs. I know you don’t really provide same store guidance for this portfolio. But, in the fourth quarter and that’s minus 1% same store NOI. And I’m wondering if you project that organic growth turns positive in 2018?
Jerry Davis: Yes, we do. When we look at our MetLife portfolio and it’s about 9% to 10% of the total Company on a pro rata basis, we see revenues next year coming in probably in the mid ones; that compares to again same stores coming in at around 3. Expenses probably be in the mid to high 3s because tax issues in 2018. And that would bring you at NOI in the low ones. I want to remind you, there is a heavy percentage of that MetLife portfolio, it’s really comprised of three or four assets that are in a very high supply markets. And these are not just A properties, these are A, plus, pluses, one would be in Columbus Square up in New York, one would be Ashton Austin, In Austin, one is in downtown Denver, which is with heavy new supply, and then you’ve got another one in right downtown [Indiscernible]. So, it’s understandable in our opinion to see how revenues are going to be a 150 bps below what our same store pool is.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates.
Dennis McGill: First question just on expense side. The guidance the last couple of years I think coming out pretty close to the high end, maybe slightly above the high end. As you set the outlook this year, how much should that factor into it and how much variability you think -- what would drive the variability and I guess to the high end versus the mid or low end?
Jerry Davis: Yes. Again, our guidance this year’s 2.5% to 3.5%, pressure point is going to be on real estate taxes which once again are going to come in high single digits. We have some impact from 421s which will drive total expenses up, almost 40 basis points to 50 basis points. The other pressure points we’re feeling are personnel. And while we see wage pressures probably pushing us up about 2.5% to 3%, we’ve come up over the last year with some efficiencies within our workforce whether it’s on the sales side, the administrative side or maintenance side that I think will be able to compress the impact of that down. Probably, we want to push us to the high end of guidance, if we get some unforeseen tax bad guys or don’t have as many appeal wins as we’ve typically had, we really don’t budget for those significantly but that could affect us on the tax side. On the personnel side, it really just depends on labor markets. Last year, we were surprised up in San Francisco as well as Seattle when wage pressures took our personal cost up between 5% and 7%. We feel like, in certain markets, we’ve addressed wage scale issues. But that’s something that could kick in this year. Joe was talking about both the benefit from tax reform but also we are seeing wage increases on national basis go up 3%. Now, if we see wage pressures, we would hope with some outsized rent growth that would accompany that. So if it pushes us to the high end there, we would think there will be a corresponding push to the high end ideally on the revenue side. But, our other expense categories, primarily it’s repairs and maintenance or marketing costs, we have continued to work to create a more efficient way for our residents to deal with this. And we think we can get both of those categories very close to flat to negative. In fact, currently, we’ve got about 33% of our onsite tours are booked through appointments online. So, we’ve been able to cut out some of the personnel burden there as well as over the last year, year and half, we’ve installed package lockers into over 100 of our properties, which has made our people much more efficient.
Dennis McGill: And then, if you look at last year, the upside or to the midpoint or higher -- coming at the higher end, was that more driven by property taxes or personnel relative to your initial midpoint guideline?
Jerry Davis: It was more personnel.
Dennis McGill: And then, separate question just entirely, on the land side, I think you made the comment earlier, you just -- the land market just seems to stubborn as far as adjusting and make it difficult on underwriting new development deals. What do you think breaks out? What has broken out in the past?
Joseph Fisher: We have been talking about that for the last six or 12 months, which is why I think you’ve seen our pipeline obviously continue to dwindle down with new net additions to the land pipeline being effectively zero at this point. What we have continued to say is that while rents have kind of plateaued at long term levels and cost inflations continue to creep up above that level, the release [ph] continue to be land pricing. So, I don’t think -- what we have to see change is really anything other than that and that either rents actually accelerate and outpace inflation or land pricing has to reprice which while we’ve seen at least one example of that on a deal we are focused on, I wouldn’t say it’s widespread yet at this point.
Dennis McGill: Are there any markets where you feel like one of those two things has happened to be the catalyst, which you think is going to be a more likely catalyst for rents or repricing?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. I think land prices tend to be fairly sticky because you are dealing with individuals with their own sort of emotional analysis in some cases that’s not always entirely rational. And so, land sellers tend to be slow to adjust their expectations unless there is some particular event that could be negative, if they don’t respond. Rents are purely cyclical. So, I think that rents -- and development cost, so the other variable that Joe didn’t mention, and again, as construction activity declines, typically, one would expect construction cost to decline. I don’t think it’s necessarily a market basis that we can speak to but it’s -- each market is going to have its own set of facts.
Tom Toomey: Dennis, not to wear the subject out too much, this is Toomey. What I think is land reprices when merchant builders are heavy on inventory of it and the financing market dries up. And will we see that anytime soon? I am not certain. But, that’s usually the characteristics that starts to push more dirt into the hands of other people.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Yulico: A couple of questions. First on the multifamily transaction market. With debt costs having gone up over the last six months, are you seeing signs of cap rates going higher? And even if not yet, do you think it’s reasonable to assume cap rates go up by a certain level, given the rise in interest rates?
Harry Alcock: I think, there’s sort of three factors that go into cap rates, one is interest rates, one is NOI growth and the other and perhaps most important is capital flows. Today, at least in the near term, capital flows are extraordinarily high. And therefore, there’s no reason to expect that the cap rates are going to move. And we have not seen any evidence that cap rates are going to move. If in the future, depending on what happens with the interest rates, clearly, if interest rates continue to climb, over time, there tends to be some loose correlation between cap rates and interest rates. But again, it depends on how those other two factors move. So, I wouldn’t be surprised to see cap rates move a little bit over the next year or so, but we have not seen any evidence of that today.
Nick Yulico: So, I guess, if pricing is still strong in the transaction market, Tom, I am wondering how you and the Board are thinking about share buybacks or special dividends, your stock, like most of the multifamily REITs, showing a meaningful discount to NAV. So, at what point do you stop investing in the developer capital program, stop doing acquisitions and instead focus on buying back your stock and selling more assets, if the transaction market pricing is still so strong and there’s risk of maybe cap rates going higher?
Joseph Fisher: Hey, Nick. It’s Joe. Maybe I’ll set it up and just give you a couple of parameters around how we’re thinking about it, and then if anyone wants to come over the top. It’s a relatively new phenomenon, obviously with the selloff that’s taken place in the last 30 to 45 days. But the way we kind of think about it is where do you trade versus NAV, what’s the leverage profile, what are your committed uses, what are the alternative uses they compete for and then call it corporate factors? So, as you kind of take through those you have clearly a discount to NAV in place today. So, we’d agree on that front. From a leverage profile standpoint, we like where we are at from a maturity profile, a line utilization standpoint, and solid BBB plus credit. But, we’ve not intent to lever up, especially for share buybacks. So, you can kind of take that source off the table, which reduces your sources back to just dispositions, cash flow. And so, then, you come over to kind of committed uses. And when you look to our sub between development in DCP, we still have 200 plus million dollars of committed uses at this point in time. In addition, we continue to take a look at DCP and development, and loans, not necessarily on balance sheet yet. We do have potential land parcels that we’ve been working on for a quite long period of time that could hit. So, when we’re thinking about shadow uses, that’s going to factor in the math. But ultimately, you get to a point where you do have available capital and similar to how our DCP and development program compete against each other for that amount of capital, you are going to have one more competitor in the ring which is share buybacks. So, compete those three against each other when we have the capacity. The other piece of it be in corporate factors which I think everyone is aware of is a REIT from a tax gain capacity standpoint, we can only sell a certain amount of assets each and every year. And right now, our dispositions are really allocated towards those preexisting uses at this point and time. But I think as the year moves on, we will take a look at where the discount is and what the alternative uses are and make the best decision at that point.
Nick Yulico: I guess, just following up and I appreciate lot of detail there. But, at what point do you -- I understand you have existing uses but how do you -- as a company -- I think, look, a lot of REITs are facing this issue right now. How do you think about continuing to invest in development at this point in the cycle based on how the stock price is doing, based on the fact that your FFO growth this year is 3%, which is matching your same store growth? I mean, what point do you start rethinking the value of investing and doing development versus again just maybe buying back your stock?
Joseph Fisher: It’s a fair question. I think, we are going to continue to look at those IRRs on development, which are in that low to mid teens range. And whereas DCP is call it [ph] acquisition and development, you end up with a stock buyback on a unlevered basis, if your unlevered assets are seven, you have call it 10% unlevered asset value buyback, you are getting 7.5% to 8% type of IRR. So, IRRs are still arguably more compelling. Now, clearly, there is more risk associated with it. But that’s going to be the discussion as when we get there and as we look at each development, if we can get compensated and get the 150 to 200 basis points over range that we target; can we get to the upper end of that and account for the increased risk, over compensate or buyback. At the end of the day, we are never dependent on equity issuance. And we are looking at basically cash flow and dispositions to fund that development. So, the value creation margin still exist, the IRRs still exist. But we are obviously cognizant of the fact that we have another use of capital that we could potentially look at. As it relates to your second point that you made a comment on same store growth and FFO growth being one and the same this year which we provided a little bit of lock in the earnings release as well as in my commentary. But, I think it’s probably important to expand on that a little bit because it does relate to the development pipeline. We mentioned that developments in DCP overall are net neutral contributor this year to earnings, which we got a couple of follow-up question overnight on that. What’s really going on is that you do have a net positive contribution from developer capital program. And then, you have a net negative contribution coming from development. And I’ll hit you with the punch line first which is basically you have a timing issue related to Pac City, 345 Harrison. What we have is, call it, 700 and plus million dollars of development in those two assets, which this year, we are going to end up with a FFO yield of about 2.5% coming off of that 700 million. As you guys know, that’s really just 4% cap interest disappearing on those developments, taking on expense structure which results negative cash flow initially and then ramping up as lease up comes on. Eventually, you go from a 2.5% FFO yield to stabilizing those assets out over a couple of year period into the high 5s. so, you have basically $600 million that’s already been paid for on that $700 million that has all NOI come into a sort of next couple of years with little bit of funding left in the form of disposition. So you’re correct that this year a zero contribution, but we would expect that to ramp up as we hit 2019.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Anderson: One of the reasons your stock is in a --stock performance misery, [ph] I guess, is the issue of supply. And Joe, you mentioned land being difficult to make sense. Is that -- I look at that as a good thing. I mean, okay, maybe won’t be able to do as much development, but the reason why multifamily stock has had a tough time this year in part, there is a lot of things, but partly because of supply. So, do you look at that as a good read through generally? And I guess that question goes to everybody or anybody.
Joseph Fisher: Clearly it goes to a positive on the ground fundamentals if supply comes down. For 90 plus percent of our business, that’s a positive if development is more difficult to pencil. For the other side of the business, on the transaction side, you may see the pipeline ramp down a little bit, which results in less earnings contribution near-term but in theory you make it up on the same store NOI side over time.
Rich Anderson: Yes. It sounds like a good ratio, I will give up 10% from my 90% any day. So, in terms of how you’re looking at land, just the market in general away from you, do you still see -- it sounds like you’re still seeing deals happen. So, is it kind of stupid land trades are still going on, if not from UDR but from other players that could potentially lead to stupid new development projects also or do you feel like it’s starting to slow down even outside of you guys?
Tom Toomey: Well, I would hope that most deals are done -- are rational as opposed to stupid, particularly the ones we do. But I -- Rich, I think, it clearly -- and we’ve seen it, we’ve all talked about it for the last couple of quarters or more, it’s getting harder for these deals to get financed and fewer of these deals will pencil. But that doesn’t mean that none of the deals will pencil and that capital isn’t going to be a available to continue see new development deals and that UDR, even while maintaining sort of our consistent disciplined underwriting approach, won’t be able to backfill our pipeline. We all expect that to happen over time. But, it does mean that you have to look at a lot more deals before you find one that -- the pencils in it means that it’s likely the construction starts will continue below the levels of the last three or four years.
Rich Anderson: Right. So, hopefully, you guys -- you and the REITs are kind of leaders by example and we will see how it plays out. The last question I have is, Joe, you mentioned the development pipeline kind of staying at a lower end because of all of these factors. Do you see that -- what’s at least within the DCP effort, do you see that as the same six projects will be around for a little while or do you think there will some trades but you’ll kind of net out to the same number over the course of the year?
Joseph Fisher: I think, there is potential to net out to the same number over time. We’re sitting at, call it, 160 million or so today of exposure there. Over the first quarter, you’ll see DTLA which is coming up through its option period, so we will work through the kind of buy, hold, sell analysis on that one. But we do have another 60 million of funding left on some of the other deals. So, will be at a 180 million or so of exposure. And we’ve talked in the past about kind of our earnings and cap on the program that we impose on ourselves. But, we think we still have another 100 million of capacity. The difficulty is going to be if we see development overall coming down, you can expect that there is fewer developers therefore looking for that type of capital. So, there may be fewer opportunities. But, we think we’ve probably got a shot at maybe a couple of them throughout the year that could continue to backfill the pipeline.
Tom Toomey: I’d add to that a little bit. I think you’ve been around long enough, and look towards the future, and you’ve got to realize if we’re in a rising interest rate environment, absent the NOI impact, the question is going to be loan proceeds and availability of lending in that environment and will that bring more assets to the market as construction loans start maturing. And we’re down two to three years down the road. But past experience always points to people wanting to get out ahead of that and start selling assets. And so, I think you are going to see a lot more transactional volume over the next couple of years. And inside of that’s always the opportunity to recap deals, buy deals. So, I think we’re just entering what I would call the natural progression of this cycle. And it will start with decreasing supply aspect, improving NOI trend, but at a higher interest rate environment creates a more transaction-driven market. And I think we are ready for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup.
Nick Joseph: I appreciate the detailed market commentary. But from a regional perspective, I guess, just thinking about your largest three regions. How would you rank the West, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast in terms of 2018 same store revenue growth?
Jerry Davis: You said the West, Mid Atlantic and Northeast?
Nick Joseph: Exactly.
Jerry Davis: I would definitely say the West will be the top, followed probably by the Mid-Atlantic and then the Northeast. You got the Northeast being heavily weighted by New York. New York, our expectation right now would be revenue growth in that 1% range. So, it’s going to [technical difficulty] Probably, if you went to the other regions, that southeastern region I think is going to compete with the western region to be the top.
Nick Joseph: And then, just your commentary on 2019 deliveries, and obviously there could be some slippage. But, are there any markets that you are either expecting meaningful decreases or meaningful increases kind of just versus the average?
Joseph Fisher: And I think it’s a little bit too early to tell at this point. The markets that we’ve seen supply come down and permit -- sorry, permit comes down a little bit [technical difficulty] more Sunbelt biased. So, if we run through the regressions there, they imply maybe a little bit more come down to Sunbelt; overall, it’s fairly similar. [Ph]
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O’Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just two quick ones for you. The first, you guys have about 20% exposure to D.C. [ph] your biggest market. Just given that market’s propensity to produce a tremendous amount of supply in contrast to the job growth, do you guys foresee that market just pairing that back in the next year or two to maybe right size it relative to some of the other markets?
Joseph Fisher: I think you can probably expect similar to what we are doing in Orange County, which is another market that we view as overweight versus our long-term average. We have kind of gotten to the point now that we can start to source capital from some of the more bicoastal and overweight markets, given that we are comfortable with the 20 markets we are in and diversified platform. So, I think you probably see us wind up a little bit over the next two or three years whether through right dispositions or just lack of new investment while we invest elsewhere. So, I think your thesis is correct.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then, the second question is, you guys -- and this has been a sort of a recurring theme. Do you guys produce better than average same store NOI? And yet we look at where companies are expecting guidance for 2018 versus 2017, ex items, your FFO growth is basically in line with peers. So, one, what are some of the offsets that’s causing -- the offset to the same store NOI especially because you said the MetLife JV should actually improve? And then, two, when do you think on a more consistent basis we will see the outperformance on the same store lead to outperformance on the FFO?
Joseph Fisher: Probably a couple of factors here. One, you mentioned MetLife and while it doesn’t prove, it is still at a run rate lower than our same store. So, when you blend the two, you do have a pro forma combined same store that’s below our 3% guide. So, when you lever that that obviously impacts the earnings growth. When you go to the development pipeline, there is really two pieces to speak to. One, if you look at the development pipeline that’s winding down from say 1 billion to 0.5 billion, if you look at our interest expense guidance, we are up about $15 million year-over-year. About half of that’s really due to cap interest coming off. So, it’s really a development pipeline issue related to cap interest coming off and causing interest expense to go up a little bit more than perhaps what I think a couple of models factored in when we look at them. The other piece goes over to Nick Yulico’s question and kind of my response there, as to 700 million related to Pac City and 345 Harrison. When you are earning 2.5% on $700 million of deployed capital but you funded that capital with call it 5, 5.5 dispositions as well as some debt, you end up with a fairly dilutive impact in the year that you go through lease-up. As we fast forward, call it a year or two and you go from 2.5% up to let’s say 5.75 to 6 over time, you basically have 3% on that $700 million that is effectively pure accretion outside of that 100 million that we still have left to fund. So, while 2018 is a negative impact from those two assets, we think we more than make up for it when we get into 2019 and 2020. So, I think you will see development start to be much more additive as we fast forward.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I would like to hand the call back to Tom Toomey for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Let me have a brief closing, given the time element. First, I thank you for your time and interest in UDR. And second, if doesn’t come across, I want to make sure we state it. We feel very good about our strategies, about our continued execution and how this year is already starting out very strong for us. So, with that, we look forward to talking to you more in the future.
Operator: This does conclude today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Van Ens - Vice President Harry Alcock - Chief Investment Officer Jerry Davis - Chief Operating Officer Joseph Fisher - Chief Financial Officer Tom Toomey - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Nick Joseph - Citi Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Nick Yulico - UBS Drew Babin - Robert W. Baird John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley John Guinee - Stifel Nicolaus Pete Peikidis - Zelman & Associates Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors Rich Hightower - Evercore ISI Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the UDR third quarter 2017 earnings call [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Vice President, Chris Van Ens. Thank you, Mr. Van Ens, you may begin.
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to UDR's Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Our third quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I'd like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to UDR's President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to UDR's Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. First, macroeconomic drivers and overall apartment fundamentals remain conducive for the continuation of strong growth for UDR in our industry. Stable job growth, combined with improving wage growth and consumer sentiment, bode well for future demand. While it is true that some new apartment supplies scheduled for delivery in 2017 have slipped into next year, current demand remains resilient and we have seen no recent signs of widespread irrational concessionary activity. Like everyone, we continue to monitor the developments in Washington, D.C. and at the Federal Reserve while being mindful that we will provide a basic necessity and demographics tailwinds are at our back. Next, our team again produced solid results in the third quarter, driven by 4 areas of strategic focus: one, the dedicated work of our site level and corporate teams; two, our diversified portfolio along market mix and price points; three, the continued success of our long-lived, high-margin operating initiatives; and four, incremental investments in our high risk-adjusted-return Developer Capital Program. In summary, 2017 has gone well, leading us to raise full year 2017 same-store and earning guidance ranges. Jerry and Joe will provide additional commentary on these topics in their prepared remarks.  Next, I'd like to thank all of my UDR associates for their contribution to another great quarter and especially to those associated in our Texas and Florida markets for their dedication and commitment to helping our residents get back on track after the recent hurricanes and the focus they have shown to finish out a strong 2017. Last, looking into 2018 and beyond, our strategic focus continues to revolve around how to best drive our business forward, getting better at what we do and continuing to grow long-term shareholder value. We look forward to sharing our 2018 and '19 expectations with you on our fourth quarter conference call with a release as well as the two year outlook. With that, I'll turn it over to Jerry to address his operations.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results. Year-over-year, third quarter same-store revenue and NOI growth were 3.3% and 3% respectively. After including pro rata same-store JV communities, which are heavily weighted towards urban, A+ product, revenue and NOI growth were 3% and 2.8% respectively. Year-to-date, 2017 same-store revenue and NOI growth results of 3.9% and 4% remain slightly ahead of original expectations due to our proactive operating strategy and more rational pricing on lease-ups and assorted markets. Strategically, we remain focused on: first, retaining a larger percentage of our residents by higher growth rate renewals; second, maintaining portfolio occupancy in the high-96% range; and third, continuing to drive our long-lived, broad-based operating initiatives. Our quarterly results speak to our successful execution of these strategies. First, third quarter renewal rate growth remained strong at near 5%, with new rate growth just above 1%, while annualized turnover declined by 140 basis points year-over-year. Our teams in the field as well as our corporate level renewal and reputation management teams deserve all the credit for generating these high-level results. Second, same-store occupancy of 96.7% in the quarter was flat year-over-year. I'll remind everybody, the easier occupancy comps we saw in the first half of 2017 remain more difficult in the second half of the year. And third, our revenue-generating and cost-constraining operating initiatives continue to produce fantastic results. Other income, which makes up nearly 10% of our total revenue, grew by 12.5% in the quarter, fueled by a variety of long-lived, sustainable initiatives such as parking, short-term furnished rentals and package lockers. We anticipate a continuation of outsized future growth in our other income basket for the foreseeable future. On the flip side, expense growth has not been as kind of late. Similar to past quarters, real estate tax and personnel costs remain our two primary pressure points. For full year 2017, we still expect real estate taxes will grow by high single digits versus 2016. On the personnel front, wage pressures continue to intensify as does demand for our people. Similar to past quarters, we are actively combating these forces through additional technological and corporate level solutions that yield greater productivity at our sites. Wage pressures do have a silver lining though, which is better potential for future rate growth. Moving on. We see minimal pressure for move-outs to home purchase or rent increase, which totaled 12% and 5% of responses during the third quarter. Likewise, net bad debt remains low, all our levels consistent with previous quarters. Onto a brief market update. First, Seattle, San Francisco and the Monterey Peninsula continue to outperform versus initial 2017 expectations. Demand remains resilient as wage growth has ramped up over the past year and lease-up concessions have rationalized somewhat versus 2016. Second, Washington, D.C. continues to slightly underperform but is a market that should continue to produce solid results in the years ahead. Third, after a lackluster start to 2017, Orange County is feeling slightly better. We continue to feel good about the long-term prospects of our portfolio, which is primarily located west of the 405 freeway. Our remaining markets are generally in line with expectations. Next, our development pipeline, in aggregate, are generating lease rates and leasing velocities at or above original expectations. With regard to Pacific City, our 516-home development in Huntington Beach, we are experiencing construction delays averaging 3 months, which have increased construction cost by 2%. These delays have also negatively impacted our ability to lease as effectively as we would like given uncertainties around firm delivery timing of amenities and apartment homes as well as the high-end nature of the targeted Pacific City resident. Positively, our achieved rental rates remain on plan. At 345 Harrison as well as our JV developments, we remain largely on budget and on schedule. Community-specific quarter-end lease-up statistics are available on Attachment 9 of our supplement. Moving on. We incurred minimal damage from the third quarter hurricanes that impacted Texas and Florida. A special thanks goes out to our teams in Austin, Tampa, Orlando and West Palm Beach. You all went above and beyond to get our properties back in working order and ensure that our residents were taken care of. We appreciate your hard work and sacrifice leading up to, during and following those storms. Last, summing it up. The third quarter was another solid quarter as our operating platform and diversified portfolio continued to drive good results. We remain highly confident in our ability to execute through the remainder of 2017. With that, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our third quarter results and forward guidance, a transactions update, a balance sheet and capital markets update. Our third quarter results came in at the mid- to high end of our previously provided guidance ranges. FFO per share was $0.46, FFO as adjusted was $0.47 and AFFO was $0.43. On a year-over-year basis, AFFO was up $0.02 or 5%, driven by solid NOI growth and capital deployment opportunities. I would now like to direct you to Attachment 15 of our supplement, which details our latest guidance expectations. Full year 2017 FFO per share guidance was reduced to $1.83 to $1.85 as a result of hurricane damages incurred during the third quarter, while FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were increased by $0.02 at the low end to $1.86 to $1.88 and $1.71 to $1.73 respectively. The primary drivers of the raises were increased investment in our Developer Capital Program, fewer planned asset dispositions and stable consistent operating results. Our full year same-store revenue growth guidance was raised to 3.5% to 3.9%, expense growth was increased to 3.1% to 3.6%, and NOI growth was increased to 3.6% to 4.2%. Average 2017 forecasted occupancy was reaffirmed at 96.7%. For the fourth quarter, our guidance ranges are $0.46 to $0.48 for FFO per share, $0.47 to $0.49 for FFO as adjusted per share and $0.42 to $0.44 for AFFO per share. Next, transactions. Regarding our Developer Capital Program, the third quarter was a busy one with numerous transactions completed or going under contract during the quarter and subsequent to quarter-end. After accounting for subsequent acquisition activity and disposition activity, our invested balance in the DCP program is approximately $140 million at a yield of approximately 7.5%, with $79 million remaining to be funded. This program has continued to create value for shareholders as we harvest capital and stabilized investments and look for new deployment opportunities. During the quarter, the West Coast development joint venture sold 8th & Republican, a 211-home community located in Seattle for approximately $101 million. While we liked the product and the location, the property made more economic sense as a well-priced source of capital to fund other recent DCP investments. Second, we added 1200 Broadway in Nashville, a large mixed-use asset that will have 313 apartment homes, 65,000 square feet of office space and be anchored by a Whole Foods when complete. Our initial capital outlay was approximately $13 million, with a total funding commitment of approximately $56 million. We will earn 8% on our outstanding investment, with a share of upside upon sale of the community. Third, subsequent to quarter-end, we purchased Steele Creek, a 218-home community located in the highly desirable Cherry Creek submarket of Denver for $141.5 million at a 4.5% nominal cap rate. We originally provided $93.5 million of financing to the developer and were entitled to 50% of the upside versus all-in construction cost upon sale of the community. Our upside participation totaled $14.9 million, resulting in an effective basis and yield of $126.5 million and 5%. Steele Creek is an A+ asset with high walkability, expansive high-end amenity areas, including a rooftop pool and 17,000 square feet of extremely well-located ground floor retail. And last, the West Coast development joint venture placed Katella Grand, a 399-home community located in the Platinum Triangle submarket of Orange County, under contract for sale subsequent to quarter-end. The sales price is approximately $148 million and is expected to close later in the fourth quarter, subject to customary closing conditions. Moving forward, you can expect that our capital deployment focus will remain on high risk-adjusted-return DCP investments and sourcing new land parcels to support our development pipeline. Please see attachments 12B and 13 of our supplement for further details on this quarter's transaction activity. Next, balance sheet and capital markets activity. At quarter-end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity net of the commercial paper balance was $851 million. Our financial leverage was 33.5% on an un-depreciated book value, 24.6% on an enterprise value and 29.2%, inclusive of joint ventures. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 5.4x and inclusive of joint ventures, was 6.4x. Timing will drive some variability in our quarterly credit metrics and commercial paper balance, but in total, they are tracking in line with our strategic plan. Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.31 in the third quarter or $1.24 when annualized, representing a yield of approximately 3.3% as of quarter-end. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: Maybe just starting with supply, if you can talk about your expectations for '18 versus '17. And any markets that you expect to see a meaningful increase or decrease relative to this year?
Jerry Davis: Hey, Nick, this is Jerry. I'll take that one. I just want to mention a couple of things. First, as we look at supply, we rely on outside sources, predominantly Axiometrics, and then we run permit regressions for a forward supply forecast. Axio's current forecast for our submarkets in '17 is about 42,000 units. And when you look out to 2018, it goes down about 12% to 37,000 units, so a decline. That being said, as we've seen throughout '17, there have been -- there has been some slippage that could still happen in the fourth quarter of this year as well as at points next year. When you look at specific markets where we see increases in deliveries in 2018, really, 3 stand out, the first one's New York City, the second is Los Angeles, and third is Seattle. And then we've got about 5 markets where we see declines of more than a couple of thousand homes, and that would be Nashville as the largest decline, the San Francisco-San Jose area, Dallas is also going to decline modestly, Austin is looking to decline, and then lastly, Orlando. All of the rest of them are pretty much flat.
Nick Joseph: I appreciate that. And then just in terms of turnover, you've seen it continue to trend down, but is there an opportunity to push that further down? Are we close to kind of the -- a frictional level where essentially people are going to move out because they're going to move out?
Jerry Davis: We continue to work on that. As I had in my prepared remarks, we've got an inside renewals team that has worked hard this year to really try to save as many notices to vacate or slow responders to our renewal request. We've had good traction with that. I think that team can continue to drive results. It's something that as we listen to Yelp reviews and respond to what our residents are telling us they're not happy about at our properties, we think we can continue to drive that. What you're seeing is fewer and fewer people, at least now, moving out the home purchase. That's at about 12%, so it's still at historically fairly low levels, so you don't have that competing against you. But I'm hopeful that we can continue to drive it down even further in the next couple of years if there's some of these initiatives we've turned on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Juan Sanabria: I was just hoping you guys could give an update on how you see the urban, suburban coast over Sun Belt markets playing out into '18. Does that gap shrink, and if you could just give us a sense of how those are performing today?
Jerry Davis: Yes, I'll take that initially, Juan. This is Jerry. Right now, when we look at the past quarter on at least an A versus B ratio -- comparison, A is underperforming B at probably 50 to 100 basis points on revenue. When I look at new lease rate growth and renewals, more recently, on an urban and suburban, I think it would track fairly similarly. Right now, most of our A product is urban and the B is suburban, so I don't think there's a significant differentiation. But the suburban is continuing to outperform. I think when you look at where supply is going in the future, it is going to be a little bit less in some of our urban markets in the future, so I think it's going to tighten up a bit. I don't know, Harry, would you add anything?
Harry Alcock: No.
Juan Sanabria: And then just a question on seasonality, you guys noted maybe it came a little bit earlier this year than typical. What do you think drove that? And does that change kind of how you're trying to target lease expiration timings at all? Or how are you guys thinking about that?
Jerry Davis: No. It was just a month. I think we stated last quarter that -- and we saw the deceleration in new lease rate growth that usually starts, I think, in August, and it started in July. So it was only 1 month, but it's not going to really make us rethink lease expirations. We think we've got our LEM schedule pretty set years ago. Today, we have about 20% for leases expiring in the first and fourth quarter, and then you're right around 30 give or take, in the second, third. That feels right to us. And it can defer market-by-market, but on a national basis, I think that's the right spread to optimize revenue growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Just curious, you've talked in the past about casting a wider net in terms of development opportunities across your markets, and most of the investment we've seen, I guess, in more of the Sun Belt markets has been through the Developer Capital Program. Is that just a function of the investment opportunity set that's available today? Or would you consider ground-up development in those more Sun Belt markets?
Harry Alcock: Austin, this is Harry. We consider investing, whether it's in DCP through acquisitions or through development in any of the markets in which you've just seen us investing recently, that includes the large coastal markets, then also Denver, Portland and Nashville, where, as you mentioned, we've invested in DCP recently.
Austin Wurschmidt: And then what are you seeing, I guess, across -- and maybe this is for Jerry. In D.C., blended lease rates moderated a bit there. Could you just give us a little bit of an overview of the submarket performance this quarter and what you're seeing into the fourth quarter?
Jerry Davis: Yes. When you really look at the submarkets, the B product did better, sometimes Bs and As will flip flop in D.C. A couple of quarters ago, I think we saw As which were inside the Beltway, get as strong as Bs this quarter. Our Bs were about 160 basis points higher as far as revenue growth in D.C. We're seeing quite a bit of new supply coming in the Southwest Waterfront ballpark area, where it's driving concession levels anywhere from 4 to 8 weeks. We're feeling the effects of that. And a lot of the submarkets within the district, even over at our U Street area on 14th, we had revenue growth there. It was really our worst submarket in D.C. It was at negative [2%]. And then over in the Columbia Pike area is our strongest submarket at 5.4%. So both were inside the Beltway, but that higher-end A product on 14th definitely has felt more of the effect of that new supply over by the ballpark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with UBS.
Nick Yulico: A couple of questions on development. First, as you think about new supply, competitive supply, perhaps easing in some markets next year, are you looking to increase the amount of development that you would be doing? And then how should we think about how you would get -- your dollars get weighted towards development opportunities on balance sheet versus JVs versus the Developer Capital Program?
Harry Alcock: Nick, this is Harry. I'll start then hand it over to Joe. So our goal strategically, as we've mentioned, over the past several years is to maintain the development pipeline between $900 million and $1.4 billion. However, we'll do so while maintaining a disciplined underwriting approach. It's likely that by year-end, our pipeline will be down to $800 million to $850 million. And while we're looking to backfill, we would not be surprised if our pipeline stays below the bottom end of that $900 million to $1.4 billion target through 2018, and it's really just a function of the opportunity set that we see while maintaining that disciplined underwriting. Again, strategically, we intend to continue to backfill, but tactically, that's going to be driven by the opportunity set. Again, we're looking to invest or develop in the same markets where we've been investing recently. We look at urban, we look at suburban, and again, it's driven by the opportunity set.
Joseph Fisher: Hey, Nick, it's Joe. The only thing I'd add there, just as it relates to your DCP and joint venture question, within DCP, as mentioned, we're down to right around $140 million of exposure after the suburban activity. It's going to ramp back up to about $80 million for the additional funding for commitments we have. So we're really sitting around $120 million, which gives us a decent amount of capacity, still up to with our self-imposed limit of $300 million. So still, that's why we're looking for activity there and expecting to really do what we've been doing in terms of evaluating each deal in a disciplined manner as it comes up and consider recycling or buying that asset. And then on the MetLife side, the most recent wave of development that's come through there has really cleaned out a lot of that land pipeline. You're really down to just the Vitruvian land in Dallas. So any future development is really probably going to be on balance sheet and not necessarily from MetLife outside of that Vitruvian deal.
Nick Yulico: And then you talked about San Francisco, San Jose, seeing supply come down next year. Is that for the entire market there? Or is it only specific submarkets that you think -- I'm trying to get a feel for where the supply is -- you think is coming down. The impact is coming down across all of San Francisco and San Jose, or if it's only specific pockets that would be, I guess, less impacted by supply.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Nick. Hey, it's Joe just following up again on -- on San Francisco, overall, Jerry's comments related to San Francisco and San Jose combined. When we break that down into that same level, that's [going to break down] pretty similar, about 1,000 units, at least in San Francisco and San Jose. And then when we look at it within our submarket exposures, the submarket exposure for us in San Fran is down a little bit. It was down quite a bit more in San Jose. And we really don't have much exposure over in [indiscernible] just so through submarket [indiscernible]
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Babin with Robert W. Baird.
Drew Babin: I wanted to ask about the competitive asset swaps. I would assume, with B cap rates having trended down and submarkets probably still trending down and maybe some pickup in kind of the urban CBD A product, are there any markets where you might see some types of asset swap opportunities to maybe trade into more urban locations to take advantage of supply maybe waning a bit in those locations into position for the next cycle?
Harry Alcock: Drew, it's Harry. I mean, I think you'll see that we did sort of a little bit of that through DCP this year, where we bought really an irreplaceable asset in Denver, in perhaps the top location in the state, sold assets at this Platinum Triangle in Anaheim. I think we continue to look at those types of opportunities. You are right that the spreads between, call it, the B assets in suburban locations have compressed relative to the A assets in the urban locations, and we'll continue to look at those opportunities as they arise.
Drew Babin: That's helpful. And then looking at the expense outlook that was in the strategic outlook, calling for the 3% to 3% -- or 3% to 5% expense growth next year, and obviously, you're not providing an update to that right now, it would sound like real estate taxes are maybe something that's putting negative pressure on that or negative in the sense that there's going to be continued pressure. Are there any expense line items that you can talk about that have maybe improved in the asset management programs or things that we can expect expense growth to be much more benign next year?
Jerry Davis: Drew, this is Jerry. I guess I would start with when you look at controllable expenses in total this year, and I'll get to '18 in a second, for the quarter, they're only up 0.5%. So you had real estate taxes up 10% and everything else in, probably 0.5%. On a year-to-date basis, most of the other categories are up 1.2% of the total real estate taxes. So we continue to work on, I think whether it's in repairs and maintenance as well as in personnel cost to drive down growth rates there. The other thing we're consistently looking at is ways to invest ROI dollars in expense-reducing utility initiatives, such as LED lights as well as xeriscaping properties, things like that. I mean, I think, on the marketing side, we've done a good job this year of driving down marketing cost. It doesn't always look like it because there are some offsets to our short-term furnished rental program, predominantly renting the furnishings, that's driven up that after-marketing capital freeze. But I can say we're consistently working to keep non-controllable or controllable rental expenses in check because we are very aware that the real estate tax will provide the mixture that you've talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: Just a follow-up on the short-term furnished rental program, I think, Jerry, you mentioned other income is 10% of revenue in the fast-growing segment, but can you break out the different buckets between the rental program versus parking and package lockers?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I can probably do it offline a little bit better on components, but you're right, it is a total NAV percent. I will tell you, of the parking for the quarter, it was up $700,000 year-over-year, so that was a significant increase. I think it was about 20 -- over 20% up. Short-term rentals, which we didn't even have in place last year, for the quarter, revenue -- the revenue component was up $1 million year-over-year, and the NOI was up about $700,000. As I stated earlier, there are some expenses that are related to this, predominantly furniture rental. So on a combined basis on the revenue side for the quarter, those 2 were making about $1.7 million of the increase.
John Kim: And how big do you want that to be -- or how big can it be? Is it an Airbnb-driven business, and is it sprinkled throughout your portfolio or just certain assets?
Jerry Davis: First, it's not Airbnb. It's over 31-day rentals, so it's not short-term. The average term actually is 79 days. It's not even just 31 days. It is spread throughout the portfolio, although I'll tell you that the major concentrations are in some of our urban markets. About 35% of the programs in San Francisco, 24% is in Boston, and then 11% is in Orange County. So those 3 markets make up almost 2/3 of the program. I won't say we'll hold strong for this, but we do try to keep the exposure in any individual property to no more than about 1% or 2% of the product there. If it was a property that was in lease-up, where we have plenty of availability we'll go ahead, knowing that when those units do turn, we can put them back into 12-month rentals.
John Kim: Okay. And then on the sale of 8th & Republican, it seems like a great location. It sounds like the union -- the joint venture didn't really sell it for much of a profit. So why not exercise the purchase option rather than sell the asset?
Joseph Fisher: Yes, hey, John, it's Joe. I guess I'd go back to what we're trying to imply in my opening remarks, which is it's just a well-priced source of capital. So as you know, as we look at the overall first wave of these investments, stepping back, we've had 4 come up this year, it means CityLine, Steele Creek, 8R and Katella, of those 4, we're going to end up selling 2 and buying 2. So the program's doing about what we expected from that respect. Overall, you end up with a couple of home runs in Steele Creek and CityLine and a couple of singles in the other 2. But blending that, you're going to get into the right IRR of plus or minus 10%. So when you look at why sell 8R, you're correct, we like the submarket, like the asset, but we happen to like Steele Creek better. So when we look at the ability to source capital in the mid-4s coming out of Katella and 8R and going into a blended 5% on Steele Creek and a 4.5% on the $141.5 million price, you end up with a better IRR over time. And if we had a better cost of capital or more opportunities to sell assets, 8R could have been a purchase. But that's the way it played out when we played the capital against each other and the IRRs against each other.
John Kim: And can you just remind us of the mechanics of the preferred return on that? So you get the 6.5% during the construction phase, and then you share 49% of the profits on sale?
Joseph Fisher: Correct. So you have a 6.5% press up until we reach 80% stabilized for 3 consecutive months. At that point in time, you're going to go to a cash flow split based off the ownership interest. And then upon sale, you're correct, we're going to receive our ownership percentage if we sell it. And if we exercise our option price, we'll be pricing it at that option price.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Rich Hill: Continuing on the, just the line of questioning on the Developer Capital Program, we obviously heard about some banks pulling back on construction lending, which provides a pretty meaningful opportunity for you, guys, which I think is resonating in your results. But I'm curious, how do you think about underwriting these construction loans? Is it really all about the property and location of the property? Or are you thinking about the -- effectively your borrower as well? I'd love to just get a little bit more detail on how you're thinking about underwriting them.
Joseph Fisher: Look, as we said all along, the asset ultimately has to be an asset that we want to own in a submarket and a market that we want to own. So it comes down to a real estate underwriting position because we do have backside participation in a number of these deals. We have an option price on the West Coast development joint venture deal, so you have to underwrite it from a real estate equity perspective, not necessarily a lender's perspective. At the same time, you do want to think about it from a lender's eye in terms of what your rights are if the deal goes south. So you're kind of looking at it from that perspective as well. So you're kind of looking at it from both ways, but ultimately, you got to think about it as a deal that we want to own and therefore, a real estate underwriting.
Harry Alcock: And I think I just -- I'd just add that if you think about the investment the REIT holds between an acquisition and a development on risk-return continuum, where you have some development exposure in terms of the lease results, but we get paid the 6.5% through the development lease-up periods, with no schedule or cost risk. And in the case of Wolff, we have a fixed-price option in the future. So it really is kind of a hybrid.
Rich Hill: And at the risk of asking a 2018 guidance question, is sort of your activity in 2017 reflective of how we should be thinking about it going forward? Or do you think that's -- this is a program that you'll see more opportunity in, in the future as other lenders start to pull back a little bit more?
Joseph Fisher: Yes, Rich, I think the activity you saw this year is what we would like to do and accomplish with the program. But at the end of the day, it's going to be very opportunity-specific. As long as we keep constraints on ourselves in terms of making sure it's an asset that we want to own, that's going to limit the pool of investors to some degree. In addition, as you've seen, new starts and new supply are expected to start coming off in '18 and '19, so that's going to limit the pool of opportunities as well. So we're going to remain active in trying to find deals and source deals that meet the underwriting standards, but not a guarantee that we're going to develop through this volume of activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Guinee with Stifel.
John Guinee: I was looking at your development summary and I noticed, with the exception of Dallas, you really turned off the development spigot pretty aggressively a couple of years ago. So my first question is why. And then when I look at your land position, it looks like, excluding Dallas, you really only have 200 or 300 units, Boston and Dublin, California, of entitled land ready to go. And so I'm sort of wondering, I understand the land focus, but I also know that hard costs are going up greater than rental rates, yield on development is coming down, land prices haven't yet adjusted down. Are you optimistic that you can refill the land bucket and start up your development anytime soon?
Harry Alcock: John, this is Harry. I think as I mentioned earlier, our goal strategically is maintaining our development pipeline between $900 million and $1.4 billion. However, we'll do so while maintaining a disciplined underwriting approach. We're going to maintain our target 150 to 200 basis points spread to market cap rates. And so what you see is that our development pipeline has come down a bit. I think we'll end the year a little over $800 million. We're actively looking to backfill for 2018 and 2019 starts, but my expectation is that given the opportunities, that our pipeline will fall below the low end of that $900 million to $1.4 billion for at least the next several quarters.
John Guinee: Do you think maybe 150 to 200 basis points spread is too aggressive?
Joseph Fisher: You mean, in terms of you think we're being too conservative, which I don't think we'd agree necessarily that we need to adjust our underwriting standards just to maintain a strategic view of development pipeline. The pipeline is going to be an output of wanting to accept our cost of capital. So if returns impress we can always walk away and it's only what we have to do, and development is not something that we absolutely have to do. We can pull back on dispositions and not move forward at the bottom line. So I think maintaining on this on underwriting is probably the appropriate path forward, not necessarily driving the main development pipeline.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pete Peikidis with Zelman & Associates.
Pete Peikidis: Jerry, I appreciate the market-level detail on leasing trends in the supplement. Could you just share or speak to new lease and renewal growth trends for October in New York and what you're seeing heading into November?
Jerry Davis: Yes. In New York, new lease rates currently are, for October, are right around negative 2%. So it's dropped off from the quarter, just following typical seasonal trending that we've seen over the past couple of years where you see a downward threat from third quarter into fourth quarter, so it's not overly surprising.
Pete Peikidis: And just given the relative strength in Orlando and Tampa? And understanding that you expect supply to moderate in Orlando next year, are you expecting the pricing to keep pace through the end of the year? And are there any risks that rising rents to your assets start becoming more competitive with the overall market in newer product? Or is there still a sufficient buffer there?
Joseph Fisher: Hey, Pete, could you just step back a second? You kind of broke up there at the beginning of your question and we missed that. Could you just repeat the first half?
Pete Peikidis: Just given the relative strength in Orlando and Tampa, I guess I was just looking for some further color on pricing expectations here through the end of the year and sort of if there's a risk that pricing of your asset start become more competitive with the overall market. Or is there still sufficient buffer there in Tampa and Orlando?
Jerry Davis: I would say this, as you look at where October is in Orlando, we've actually seen new lease rates go north of 6%. So Orlando has improved. I think some of that is potentially due to the influx of people affected by the hurricanes. Tampa, however, it's seen more normal seasonal trends. New lease rate growth in Tampa, so far this quarter, is a little bit under 2%. So as far as rates, if your question is are they competing with new supply, I think they're still an adequate spread between our B assets, which is what we typical, for the most part, have in our Florida properties, to the A assets there. Job growth has slowed a bit or wage growth has in Orlando, job growth is still strong. But I think those properties will continue to do well, especially when you factor in what I said earlier about some of those Florida markets are showing less deliveries next year than we have this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: First question is on the Developer Capital Program, how do you guys incorporate or mitigate the growing delays in construction so as to not impact the returns that you guys hope to achieve?
Harry Alcock: Alex, its Harry. We have no schedule or cost for it still. Any overruns are borne solely by developer. That includes schedule or a cost. And to the extent there are delays, the net impact really is that that we continue to collect our coupon, our 6.5% for longer.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Okay. Then that's helpful. And then the second question is, Denver, I don't think I heard you guys talk about it before, but clearly, it's a new favorite market for the apartment REITs. You guys obviously took down Steele Creek. Can you just talk a little bit about your home market and your expectation for investment? Do you see the same opportunity there or across others of your market? Do you see better opportunity elsewhere?
Harry Alcock: Alex, it's Harry. I'll start to talk about investment. Maybe Jerry can talk about the sort of operating environment. As I mentioned before, with -- our goal is to continue to focus our investment activity, whether its development, DCP or acquisitions in the markets where we've been investing in the recent past, the large coastal markets, but also Denver, Portland, Nashville and then Dallas with Vitruvian Park. So we view Denver as an attractive investment market. Again, we invested in Steele Creek back in late 2013 and now in 2017, have completed the acquisition. So it continues to be a market that we like, along with the other markets that I mentioned.
Jerry Davis: Yes, I would just add, Alex, now Steele Creek, for the people who are not familiar, is in the Cherry Creek neighborhood of Denver, which is probably the top neighborhood in the whole city, really irreplaceable location directly across right the Cherry Creek Mall. As Joe stated in his prepared remarks, exceptional first floor retail there. I'd point out it's got a walk score of 95, so it is definitely the place to live. You're looking at rents that are pretty high for the Denver market, at about $330 a foot. They're large floor plans. Average square foot is about 955 to 960 square feet, so average rents are north of $3,000. But right now, whether it's downtown Denver or over in Cherry Creek, you're going against a pretty significant new supply. I think that's because they're building in areas where most of the people in Denver would prefer long-term to live. And I think when we get through this supply. This deal is going to be even better than it is today. But again, exceptional location, quality product and it's a product that we've been running for the last 2 years, so there's probably little surprises that we're going to find out about.
Alexander Goldfarb: So Jerry, does that mean once the supply comes down in Denver, you guys may ramp up? Or are you looking to increase investment even while there is the new supply wave going on?
Harry Alcock: Again, the -- our investment activity within our target markets is heavily influenced by the opportunity set. So we clearly would invest in Denver, either in development DCP or acquisitions, to the extent the opportunities presented themselves. As we mentioned, Steele Creek, in an irreplaceable location, Jerry just went through some detail. And again, I think from a pricing standpoint, Steele Creek compares favorably to sort of the cap rates that you're seeing on the suburban product that's trading in Denver, just as we talked about earlier, partially a function of these high-end core products being relatively out-of-favor with the capital that's chasing the assets compared to the flat fee product.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, our question-and-answer session will resume momentarily. Please stand by. [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors.
John Pawlowski: Jerry, the pace of deceleration in renewal growth in the past few years has been quite modest, so the gap between renewals and new leases has widened. Do you expect the pace of deceleration to pick up in '18 for renewals specifically?
Jerry Davis: At this point, I don't see any evidence that would happen. Like you said, a year ago, when I look at what renewal rate growth was in October, it was 5.1%. So right now, we're high 4s. So it really hasn't dropped dramatically. And again, at this point, I think rent growth has continued to go up modestly for the REITs. If you look at Axiometrics' studies, it shows that we're going up about 1% compared to about 2% on a national basis probably because of the quality and locations of our assets. But you're seeing rent to income levels stay steady. For us, it's about 24%. So I don't see it compressing at this point, but we're going to have to see what happens as the year progresses. But it really has remained stable, as we mentioned, over the last couple of years.
John Pawlowski: Okay. What specific markets are you seeing the most strain on pricing power due to affordability reasons, either move out to rent increase or move out to buy homes?
Jerry Davis: Really, on the rent increase, it's typically been places like San Francisco where you'll feel some of that pressure. It's not as acute as it was a year or 2 ago as rents haven't gone up at that level. But really, mostly there, there's not a lot on move-outs to rent increase that jump off of the page at the outside of those locations. The move-outs to home purchase, really, there's only 3 markets that we have right now over that we're about to give that as the reason for leaving: Boston, Richmond and Portland. When you get over 15%, you're moving into the Sun Belt markets. But when you get into the rest of the coastal markets, move out to home purchase is under 10%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.
Rich Hightower: So I don't know if I missed this earlier, but can you, guys, give a really quick rundown of October to-date data? I know you've talked about it with a couple of markets, but just maybe a little bit deeper in that sense.
Jerry Davis: I think instead of giving a detailed rundown of October by market, we can give you that after the call individually. But when you -- overall though, I will tell you that we went from the 1.1% for the third quarter, that's on new lease rate growth, and it's slightly positive so far in October. We haven't fully closed out our books yet. And then when you look at the renewals in total, they went from 4.8% in the third quarter. And right now, they're just a hair below that.
Rich Hightower: And then just on New York, looking at the last couple of quarters with your portfolio, I mean, it's still weak relatively speaking, but there's a little bit of stability maybe versus what we might have expected 6 to 9 months ago. I mean, is that -- and I know you've talked about a better concessionary environment versus a year ago. I mean, is there anything to that that's specifically driving that? Or we're still all sort of expecting New York to be a weak market through 2018? I mean, just what are some of the high-level thoughts there?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I don't think New York is going to, we would still say, New York is going to continue to struggle next year. When you look at the employment information right now, it looks like it's, this year, producing about 100,000 jobs. Next year, it's going to go down to about 87,000 jobs, so down a bit. Wage growth is 2%, 2.5%, which is not too far off from national average. When you look at the supply that's coming into New York, it's most prevalent in Long Island City as well as Brooklyn and Midtown West. When we look at how we're doing in the city, we've got 5 assets borne in our same-store pool. We're definitely feeling the most effects, a bit our Upper West Side MetLife JV property, where revenue growth during the quarter was a negative 2%. As you go through either our Chelsea property, our downtown properties or our Murray Hill property, they're all plus or minus between 0.4% positive and 1.6%. So fairly tight range for that B asset that we have in New York City other than the, again, A+ deal we have up in Columbus Square.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities.
Rich Anderson: Joe, you mentioned $140 million of current investment that's going to go up in the DCP program and then a $300 million self-imposed limit. I'm curious if that's a temporary self-imposed limit in such that you see others kind of play itself out and kind of learn from it a little bit and then maybe becomes a greater percentage of your overall development program at some point in the future if it continues to be successful? Is that a fair way to think about it?
Joseph Fisher: Yes, Rich, I think that's fair to keep it a little bit open-ended depending on the opportunity set that's out there, so not to say we wouldn't go above $300 million. If risk-adjusted returns kept coming our way and it became more disconnected from acquisition and development returns, perhaps we'd look at increasing that limit. But we also got to be cognizant of where we source that capital fund and how much of that is available. And then earnings-wise, this is accretive to earnings, so we have to be cognizant of the fact that at some point, if the opportunity set dissipates over the next 4 to 5 years as these kind of long-duration investments burn off, you want to make sure that you don't have a cliff in any one given year. And so we do try to keep it under 1% or 2% of net earnings so that doesn't become a negative thesis to the street, but we'll continue to evaluate. So as opportunities keep coming our way, then not to say we won't go above that limit for a period of time.
Rich Anderson: Sure. Perfect. And then second question, this whole supply slippage phenomenon that's happening to you and everyone as well as maybe the elevated difficulty finding financing for development in general, do you feel as though that, that is kind of resonating with the broader developer community and will maybe contribute to a protracted decline in supply growth in '19 and beyond? Or is it just too soon to make that call at this point?
Tom Toomey: I think you've got the right pieces. Rising interest rate, rising cost, NOI trends, where they're pointing, banks still remaining disciplined, all shape up to a potential to expand the program in the years ahead. And so in hence, we don't want to burn all our fuel right now on this piece of it. But we'll play it out, and I think the discipline that the team has is critical at this juncture and we're going to take '18 one opportunity at a time and make sure that we're cognizant of the overall risk profile of the company and the economy overlaid on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with RBC Capital Markets.
Neil Malkin: I mean, your stock price is at pretty good levels, and we've heard commentary from your peers that maybe '18 in particular is going to be a good time to actually acquire, go on the offensive. You have a lot of merchant builders who are bringing their product to market and need to recycle in order to keep going and maybe you have the opportunity to buy below market or get in at a good time, especially given your operational savvy and particularly because you have among the highest leverages -- leverage levels among the multifamily peers. Have you thought about raising equity and in tandem with maybe a big purchase in some markets you're focused in?
Harry Alcock: I'll start. And I know Joe is going to want to step in as well. This is Harry. I think like any other investment, we'll consider sort of buying, as you say, merchant-build deals that are in lease-up. And we'll consider that in the context of other uses of capital, specifically DCP and the amount and cost of capital sources, which Joe will talk about in a second. In terms of the opportunity set, we think it's possible there's going to be some opportunity here as construction loans approach maturity for developers who want to monetize their position. However, I will tell you that there's very little distress in this market, which I believe will limit the opportunities. Many of these deals are funded with institutional equity. So while the developer may be motivated to sell as the value of their position declines over time, the institutional equity can be much more patient, and we're seeing quite a few deals where the equity is actually buying out the developer so the deal never hits the market.
Joseph Fisher: Just your comments regarding share price, cost of capital and leverage. I guess starting with cost of capital. From an equity standpoint, the share price has been acting okay, but I would say that we've had multiple times this year that we've traded at a decent premium to consensus NAV and you haven't seen any activity out of us. So when we built the plan around sources and uses, we made sure that it was built around not needing to access the equity market. And if we do, it's going to be for a use that's going to be accretive in nature and adds to NAV overall. So while we've been at premiums, we've chosen not to act thus far this year. In terms of the deleveraging, I guess I would look at solid BBB+ investment grade credit rating and the fact that earlier this year, we were issuing 135 over, in line with our other BBB+ peers. So I think our debt investors are pretty happy with the leverage level and kind of where we're at. We've stuck to the plan overall that we laid out in the 2-year in terms of trying to keep relatively static metrics on debt-to-EBITDA, debt-to-enterprise, fixed charge, et cetera, and really focusing more on the composition of our leverage, meaning focusing on increasing the unencumbered pool, increasing duration, reducing floating rate and some of the items around that as opposed to absolute leverage. So at this point as has been contemplated the idea of a deleveraging or equity to fund external investment, given the needs that we have.
Neil Malkin: I appreciate the color. And then last one for me is in San Francisco last year, you saw a lot of irrational concessions. I'm wondering if you started to see that kind of knee-jerk reaction back up to market levels as those burn-off. I'm wondering if that's actually making renewals or new leases stronger than you expected and if you think that will continue into next year.
Jerry Davis: Yes, Neil, this is Jerry. You're right, we did see that irrational pricing in, specifically, San Francisco last year. We're seeing this year, as you really look at turnover, it's down quite a bit, both year-to-date. And then when you look at it for the most recent quarter, it's also down about 300 basis points. So I'm really not seeing any more difficulty getting people to stay when you look at the renewal rate that we had in the month or in the third quarter. It was just a little under 4%. So I'm not having any more difficulty than I would say normal to do that even though we are giving away some of those higher concessions last year. So not seeing it and I don't think the irrational pricing has come back to San Francisco. You'll still have some properties into some area that are offering 6-plus-weeks concessions, but it's nothing like it was a year ago.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to hand the call back over to President and CEO, Mr. Toomey, for any closing remarks.
Tom Toomey: Well, again, thank you for your time today. And in closing, I'd just say this. This quarter checked all the boxes. I thought it was a strong quarter for operations, capital allocations, the discipline remains very solid, and we increased guidance. And with that, we look forward to seeing you at NAREIT in a couple of weeks

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Van Ens - VP  Thomas Toomey - CEO, President and Director Jerry Davis - COO and SVP Joseph Fisher - CFO and SVP Harry Alcock - CIO and SVP
Analysts: Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Richard Hightower - Evercore ISI John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors Robert Stevenson - Janney Montgomery Scott Jeffrey Pehl - Goldman Sachs Group Richard Anderson - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Andrew Babin - Robert W. Baird & Co. Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley Jeffrey Spector - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Panagiotis Peikidis - Zelman & Associates Daniel Santos - Sandler O'Neill
Operator: Welcome to UDR's Second Quarter Financial Results conference call. Our second quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in accordance with our Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements.  [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Toomey.
Christopher Van Ens: Welcome to UDR's Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Our second quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with the Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. [Operator Instructions].  I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Chris and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to UDR's Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers Warren Troupe, Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call.  My comments today will be brief, highlighted by an update on apartment fundamentals and a broader overview of our business performance. First, macro apartment fundamentals. At the outset of the year, we anticipated relatively stable apartment demand in 2017. That is the continuation of 150,000 to 200,000 national job additions each month and wage growth in the 2.5% to 3% range. Year-to-date, both metrics are in line of these initial forecasts, with monthly job creation averaging 180,000 and wage growth of 2.6%. Additional key drivers such as household formation, propensity to rent and demographics also remain supportive of our businesses. In short, apartment demand drivers are performing as expected.  Moving on to supply. We began 2017 expecting apartment deliveries to peak around the middle of the year and then steadily decline through the end of 2018. While the aggregate 2017-'18 new apartment supply picture remains intact, our latest third-party data in conversations with large merchant builders indicate that 2017 deliveries continue to slip into 2018 due to tight construction labor market which is contributing to an average delay of 3 to 6 months. This trend will likely continue, resulting in 2018 deliveries more on par with those of 2017. While these are national numbers, we operate in individual markets which Jerry will address further in his prepared remarks.  Moving forward, we still expect that apartment starts will begin to decline given ongoing cost increases, labor shortages and construction financing limitations. The latter of which continues to create opportunities to accretively invest through our Developer Capital Program. Next, with this positive backdrop in mind, our team, again, produced solid results in the second quarter. Driven by our diversified portfolio and long-lived, high-margin operating initiatives that continue to boost revenues and constrain expense growth. Importantly, these initiatives are sustainable and will contribute significantly to our NOI growth for years to come.  In total, 2017 feels decidedly better than 2016 did at this point in the year. Putting this altogether, we raised our full year of 2017 same-store and earnings guidance. The drivers of which were strong operations, accretive financing activities and continued investment in our Developer Capital Program. Longer term, we remain confident that we have the right portfolio, platform and team in place to continue to effectively execute our strategic outlook and generate strong earnings, NAV and dividend per share growth over the full cycle.  With that, I will turn it over to Jerry to address operations.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom and good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results. Year-over-year, second quarter same-store revenue and NOI growth were 3.9% and 4.2%, respectively. After including pro rata same-store JV communities which are heavily weighted towards urban A+ product, revenue and NOI growth was 3.6% and 4.2%, respectively. In total, 2017 is progressing a little better than expected.  During the quarter, our operating strategy focused on, one, pivoting to capture an increased number of higher rate growth renewals; two, maintain portfolio occupancy in the high 96% range; and three, continuing to capitalize on our long-lived broad-based operating initiatives. We were successful in these endeavors as demonstrated by the following. Quarterly renewal growth remained strong at 5% and our corporate level renewals team, coupled with improved reputation management, helped to drive quarterly and year-to-date annualized turnover, down by 180 and 130 basis points, respectively. Second quarter same-store occupancy of 96.8% increased by 10 basis points on a sequential basis and by 40 basis points year-over-year and our operating initiatives contributed significantly to our year-over-year quarterly same-store NOI growth.  Other income which makes up almost 10% of our total revenue, grew by 9% in the quarter, fueled primarily by our parking and shorter term furnished rental initiatives. These two multiyear initiatives contributed over half of our other income growth and should continue to grow at rates in excess of our unexpected rent growth for the next couple of years.  These continued successes allowed us to modestly increase full year 2017 same-store revenue and NOI growth guidance despite recent market rent growth flattening out a bit earlier than initially forecast. Importantly, overall leasing trends in 2017 have stabilized versus 2016, as evidenced by a 25% year-over-year decline in our concession and gift cards spend during the quarter. Moving forward, we expect that our results will continue to compare favorably versus the market and peers.  Next, similar to years passed, we see minimal pressure from move-outs to home purchase or affordability which totaled 13% and 6%, respectively, during second quarter. Likewise, net bad debt remains low and at levels consistent with previous quarters.  On to expenses. We continue to feel pressure from real estate tax increases and personnel costs. You may remember that we were impacted by a large upward adjustment in taxes paid at our channel at Mission Bay property in San Francisco during the second quarter of 2016, a portion of which reversed in the third quarter of 2016. This drove the relatively low 4% year-over-year growth in real estate tax as we realized during the second quarter of this year. We continue to expect that full year real estate taxes will grow by high single digits. On the personnel front, wage pressures continue to intensify, as does demand for our people. We're actively combating the impact of these forces by additional technological and corporate level solutions that yield greater productivity at our communities. On to a brief market update. First, Seattle, San Francisco and the Monterey Peninsula continue to outperform versus initial 2017 expectations. Most of these markets will feel the impact of new supply throughout 2017 and potentially into 2018, but demand remains resilient.  Next, Washington, D.C. and Orange County are generating results marginally below initial expectations, although still within original ranges. Weaker job growth and concentrated apartment deliveries are restraining new lease rates to a degree. Our 2017 revenue growth in these markets is still forecast to be good, but not quite as strong as what we had forecast coming into the year. Our remaining markets are generally in line with expectations.  Next, our development lease-ups continue to perform well as the concessionary environment has rationalized somewhat in 2017. In aggregate, our pipeline is generating lease rates and leasing velocities above original expectations. Community-specific quarter end lease-up statistics are available on Attachment 9 of our supplement.  Last, summing it up, second quarter was a good quarter as our operating platform and diversified portfolio continued to drive strong results in our modest increase in same-store guidance. We remain highly confident in our ability to execute through the remainder of 2017. With that, I'll turn it over to Jim.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Jerry. The [indiscernible] that I will cover today include our second quarter results and forward guidance, a transactions update and a balance sheet and capital markets update. Our second quarter earnings results came in at the mid- to high end of our previously provided guidance ranges.  FFO per share was $0.45, FFO as adjusted per share was $0.47 and AFFO per share was $0.43. On a year-over-year basis, AFFO was up $0.02 or 5%, driven by $0.02 from same-store performance, $0.02 from developments and acquisitions and offset by $0.02 of disposition-related dilution and corporate activities. I would now like to direct you to Attachment 15 of our supplement which details our latest guidance expectations.  Full year 2017 FFO per share guidance was reaffirmed at $1.83 to $1.87. FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were increased to $1.84 to $1.88 and $1.69 to $1.73, respectively. Primary drivers of the increases include better-than-expected operational growth, increased investment in our Developer Capital Program and accretive capital markets transactions. Our full year same store revenue growth guidance was raised to 3.25% to 4%, expense growth was reaffirmed at 2.5% to 3.5% and NOI growth was increased to 3.5% to 4.25%. Average 2017 forecasted occupancy was reaffirmed at 96.7%.  For the third quarter, our guidance ranges are $0.46 to $0.47 for FFO and FFO as adjusted and $0.42 to $0.43 for AFFO.  Next, transactions. As a reminder, the overall goal of our Developer Capital Program is to take advantage of the opportunity provided us by the ongoing disruption in the construction lending market. We do this by investing in third-party development project that give us direct or indirect access to the real estate through a buy, hold or sell, while also generating risk-adjusted returns that slide in between a stabilized acquisition and an on-balance sheet development.  During the quarter, we added 3 investments to our Developer Capital Program with an initial capital outlay of $33 million and a total funding commitment of $79 million. This increased the size of the program to $261 million at quarter end which is at the upper end of our targeted range. As we have previously communicated, we exposed 3 DCP assets to the market during the second quarter and expected a variety of outcomes depending on where market pricing came in. For the 2 West Coast JV communities, it is likely that we'd sell one and hold the other with our partner. Steele Creek is still in the market and its future will be decided once we see final pricing in the third quarter. As it relates to future options on West Coast development joint venture communities, we will evaluate the economics of each of the investments during their relevant option windows. Holistically, you can expect it as we harvest accretive capital from DCP sales, a portion of the proceeds will be reinvested into similar types of value-accretive structures as you saw this quarter. Please see attachments 12B and 13 of our supplement for further details. Next, balance sheet and capital markets. As we entered 2017, we identified several improvements to our balance sheet that we could execute on. These included further on encumbering our asset pool, decreasing our outstanding floating rate debt and reducing 2018 maturity risk. The combination of our $300 million, 3.5% 10-year unsecured debt issuance during the second quarter and our proactive debt prepayments throughout the first half of 2017 achieve these goals. And importantly, we're MPV and cash flow positive. Prepayment cost on the $177 million of debt we retired during 2Q totaled $4.3 million. On the JV front, we refinanced 399 Fremont's construction loan into a $197 million, 3.5% secured fixed-rate loan with a 10-year term and we refinanced $135 million of 4.6% pooled debt, securing 2 UDR/MetLife communities and a 2 separate 7-year secured loans with 3.25% rates.  With regard to our $500 million commercial paper facility, $240 million was outstanding as of the end of the second quarter at a weighted average rate of 1.49% or LIBOR plus 27 basis points. We remain pleased with the pricing and liquidity of this facility. At quarter end, our liquidity, as measured by cash and credit facility capacity net of the commercial paper balance, was $896 million. Our financial leverage was 33.3% on an undepreciated book value, 23.9% on enterprise value and 28.5% inclusive of joint ventures. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 5.3x and inclusive of joint ventures, was 6.4x. Timing will drive some variability in our quarterly credit metrics, but in total, they are tracking in line with our strategic outlook. Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.31 in the second quarter or $1.24 per share when annualized, representing a yield of approximately 3.2% as of quarter end. With that, I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Nick Joseph of Citigroup.
Nicholas Joseph: I appreciate the color on the supply commentary for 2017 and 2018. Just wondering if you think that part of the outperformance year-to-date in terms of same-store revenue in the guidance raise maybe comes at the expense of 2018 same-store revenue, at least relative to what you put into the 2-year plan.
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry. I'll take that up. When you look at the 2-year plan, none of the drivers in our assumptions for the cumulative 2-year period have really changed. And I would say just right now, it's probably too early to talk about 2018.
Nicholas Joseph: And then just -- sorry, go ahead.
Jerry Davis: I was going to say the slippage, we definitely need to see a little bit of slippage from first half into second half. As we entered the year, we saw about 55% of deliveries were going to be first half and today, it looks like it was about 44%. Now take into account there's typical slippage at all times, so you could see a little bit of that slippage slide a little bit, as you stated, from the back half of '17 and to early '18.
Nicholas Joseph: And then just for New York specifically, it looks like same-store revenue decreased from the first quarter which is one of just 2 markets along with Austin. So just wondering if you could provide some color on what you're seeing in New York and then how much of an impact are you feeling from the lease-up with the Copper building next to View 34.
Jerry Davis: Sure. A big part of that was, when you look at it, rents, obviously, each of the successive quarters that build up your revenue growth has been going down in New York. So it's a drop-off that we expected to see, somewhat was on the fee side. We continue to have good occupancy in New York, as you can see in the supplement. But it is down a bit from first quarter. We were running very hot in the first quarter of '17 at 98% and the second quarter's 97.3%, so we lost about 70 basis points there. The rest of it was pretty much on, again, the buildup of the rents. Our expectation, we've said this in the first quarter, that we didn't expect to see New York continue to put up 4% revenue growth as it did in the first quarter. That's an easier comp. Our expectation was it would be somewhere in the 2% to 3% range. We're still comfortable with that as the -- for the full year. And as talking about the Copper building which is right next to View 34, it is in lease-up. They've begun leasing some of the higher floored units which are more expensive. And when I talk to my team in the field, they continue to say they're not feeling much of an impact from the Copper building right now just because the average price per unit for the rents is quite a bit higher. I'm sorry, the floor plan, Nick, is very different. Copper building has quite a few smaller units. Our building has predominantly larger units that are more conducive to multiple roommates.
Nicholas Joseph: And when you think about competition with it, from a net effective rate perspective, are they offering concessions? And how does that compare to where View 34 is?
Jerry Davis: Yes. View 34 is offering modest concessions right now. And when I look at the Copper building, I think right now, they're just offering about a month free. So it's not too excessive right now.
Operator: The next question is from Austin Wurschmidt of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Just curious, with kind of the first half of the year baked and you're tracking above the high end of the range on same-store revenue guidance and probably some visibility into July and August, what would it really take for you to hit that low end of the revenue guidance range at this point?
Jerry Davis: The low end, I guess, is the potential scenario, but we think it's very unlikely. Right now, when you think about how do you get to the midpoint just to start with. Midpoint would assume the second half would come in at about a 3. We don't expect to have an occupancy pickup in the second half of the year. During the first half of the year, we had occupancy contribution of about 40 to 50 basis points. With some of that shift of supply that we were just talking about going from the first half to the second half, if you start to see some of the irrational pricing, similar to what we saw last year in places like San Francisco, New York and L.A, it could put significant pricing pressure potentially on us. We don't see that happening right now, but if it did, we think that, that could push us down pretty close to that midpoint. As I look at concession levels today, though, in most of my major markets, whether it's New York, D.C., Seattle, San Francisco or Southern California, there's very few markets today that we're seeing concessions levels up around 2 months. The only ones we see today, a little bit in Brooklyn where we're not directly competing, but we get a little ancillary competition, the ballpark area of D.C. has seen anywhere from 1 to 2 months free. Then really the only other 2 places we're seeing get up to 2 months in some locations is Santa Clara. There's a couple lease-ups there providing that large of a concession as well as that platinum triangle area of Anaheim.
Austin Wurschmidt: And then just -- you touched on the ballpark in some of the concessions you're seeing there and DC has been a market you flagged as modestly underperforming your initial expectations. As you look out with job growth kind of slowing a bit here recently, are you concerned that, that market could backtrack as some of the additional supply within the ballpark and the Wharf area start to come online?
Jerry Davis: I have to go backtrack, we're still comfortable at the beginning of the year, we thought it was going to be high 3s. Today, we'd see it down closer to 3-ish, may be a plus or minus. So it's sliding a bit. Some of that is because of the heavy supply that's hit in 2Q and 3Q. There's a couple of submarkets that are getting hit. Predominantly the ballpark, we're feeling a little bit not much out in Tyson's Corner. But yes, when we look at which markets have probably come in a little worse than we anticipated this year, you have DC as well as Orange County. We have discussed that back in NAREIT. But I would tell you, overall, this year's coming in right about where we expected, maybe a little bit better because you get those offset by Northern California and Seattle and then the remainder of the markets are pretty much coming in as expected. So yes, D.C. is one that we're feeling a little bit of pressure in right now predominantly because of the supply, a little bit because of the jobs, but we think it's more supply. And we're hopeful it's a little concentrated right now. But we're still not seeing really crazy levels of concessions like we saw in some places last year.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Hightower of Evercore.
Richard Hightower: So I was looking through the new and renewal page in the supplemental, you can't help but notice renewals were pretty strong, at least in the aggregate and turnover went down pretty significantly year-over-year. Just curious what you guys think the lower limit on that turnover metric is. And can you tell us if it sort of ebbs and flows with the volume of supply deliveries in any given quarter, just how we should think about it?
Jerry Davis: I can tell you there's -- you have external factors that affect supply which you described. When you have heavy new development in your submarkets and they're offering 2 months free, that's enough to entice those people to move. And when you look at the comparison to last year, the 3 or 4 markets that we see the most marked decline, if you will and turnover are San Francisco, Los Angeles and New York City which were the ones where we saw the most irrational pricing last year. So yes, if you do see heavy new supply come at you and you have heavy concessions, that's typically enough to make people jump. That shift heavy supply with 1 month free which is what typically people are offering. The burden of moving typically doesn't get you there. But I would tell you, there's two other things that I think we focused on to help drive down that turnover. One, we're paying a lot of attention to call it reputation management and resident polling of any issues they're having and then we're taking action to remedy the solution. So I think we're doing a good job there. Secondly, we implemented an inside renewal team here in our office about eight months ago and to date this year, we feel like we've saved an incremental 200 move-outs that would have occurred if we didn't have this team and that's helped buoy up our occupancy and helped drive down some of this turnover.
Richard Hightower: All right, that's helpful, Jerry. And maybe one follow-up to some of the comments on the concession environment this year versus last year. What do you think is driving that if it's anything beyond just the volume of supply deliveries? Is there something else that's causing the market to be a little more rational this time around? Is it just the experience of last year sort of chastening behavior, in that sense or something else?
Jerry Davis: I think part of it last year, I think people were very concerned with significant interest rate increases and they're trying to lock in their financing. I think that you've seen a little bit more of an elongation of the delivery period so much at one time. So while it's putting some pricing pressure on most of the stabilized new leases, it's not extensive to the degree it was last year. So I think it's a little bit less of both of those things.
Operator: The next question is from John Pawlowski of Green Street Advisors.
John Pawlowski: Jerry, thanks for your comments on the other income growth. Could you just quantify the basis points lift to full year '17 revenue growth that ancillary income's thrown off?
Jerry Davis: I don't have that number on me. It's -- I think when I looked at it a while back, it was in probably the 60 to 90 basis points. And I'll tell you this too, it's not a onetime thing. We're a company of innovation. We're consistently coming off of that next new thing that will continue to drive outsized other income growth. So I don't want anyone to think that it -- this year and then it drops off. I think we've got things in the works today, whether it's increasing the penetration on a lot of these things we rolled out this year or it's on new things we'll roll out next year that make this a sustainable driver of our income.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Is it a sense that '18 is in line with that 60, 90 bps lift or less or more?
Jerry Davis: It's probably early to give a number on that. I think it's still going to be a significant portion that's going to grow that line item, if you will. Other income which grew at about 9% this quarter, I think it was up about 12% in the first quarter. Compare that to where rents are growing and call it within somewhere in the 3% to 4% range on a blended basis. Now I'm comfortable to say that other income is going to continue to grow at a much higher rate than rents.
John Pawlowski: Okay, great. And one last one for me, on the capital allocation front, on the margin, are there any changes to your view on the attractiveness of the risk-adjusted returns for on balance sheet development versus other uses given what's happening with construction cost, land costs, supply not seeming to abate?
Joseph Fisher: John, this is Joe. No, there really hasn't been -- I think commensurate with commentary last quarter and what you've heard from peers, the development front, the fact that construction costs have continued to increase, labor has been difficult, construction financing market's difficult and land hasn't certainly reprised at this point. So that our underwriting has adjusted to that reality. I think it's still a little bit difficult to make things penciled. We still have a desire to maintain the development pipeline and to go out there and find land parcels, but it's not as easy as it sounds perhaps. So there's still a desire in the capital allocation front to find parcels, keep the development pipeline where it is, although it's naturally going to drift down, if you look at our completion schedule. And similarly, on the DCP, you can see we had some good success there in the quarter of deploying additional capital into that program, both with Wolff on the West Coast development JV as well as a couple of new structures with other partners. So we still have interest there, still taking a look at additional investments on that front. So there really hasn't been much of a shift at this point in time on capital allocation.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Stevenson of Janney.
Robert Stevenson: Jerry, when you think about the submarkets around D.C., the RBC, Alexandria, Tyson's, suburban Maryland, the district proper, I mean, any material differentiation operating performance lies between that? Or is it just basically whack-a-mole with wherever the new supply is coming?
Jerry Davis: It's fairly consistent, Rob. You got some markets are doing a little bit better. I will tell you, our -- two of our larger concentrated markets, one is that Logan Circle, U Street area, we had revenue growth there of 2.6%. It was a little below average but when you go over to Columbia Pike out in Arlington, you've got revenue growth that was 6.5%. So that was by far our strongest. I think that was predominantly, it was going off an easy comp last year when it was hit with new supply. You got a couple of submarkets for us of that are suffering. It's Silver Spring is being affected by new supply right now. When you get out further into areas like Dallas. There's some new supply. But I guess, we had to say where's the area that's the most impacted right now, whether it's because it's in the same exact submarket or not, Washington, D.C. is doing worse than Virginia. And then I would say our Maryland properties which are either up in College Park or mostly in Silver Spring are doing worse than D.C. right now.
Robert Stevenson: Okay. And then within the portfolio today, what are you guys seeing as the opportunity for redevelopment, both on a widespread basis as well as the more or less simple sort of kitchen and bath with a limited scope? What's those 2 subset of opportunity within the portfolio today, you think?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I'll tell you, Rob, for the last couple of years and we've stated this. We've been spending about $40 million a year consistently on those smaller scope items. Those are either kitchen and baths, smaller amenity upgrades, things like that. And that $40 million this year, we're actually realizing a cash-on-cash return of about 21% and the IRRs are coming in at about 12%, so well above our whack. About 40% of those are kitchen and bath and the rest of them are either inside the units, things like flooring or just appliance replacements or it's things like converting old theater rooms into conference rooms, making rooftops more inviting, creating dog parks or throwing amenities into courtyards. So there's stuff like that, but we think for the next several years, there's the opportunity to continue to spend about $40 million. We don't want to ever get to the point where we make it too big of a program. We like the consistency. When you get to the larger renovations, the larger renovations, just to let you know, we typically underwrite those that are cash on cash, something a little between 8% and 9% return. You're looking for under, I guess, assets that you are -- B assets, things like that in A locations that you can do some improvement to. And we've got a few. We do not have an extensive inventory of properties to go these -- do these renovations on, but we probably got a couple in D.C. that when the time is right, we can take a look at.  We may have one up in Boston. We have a couple out in California. Maybe 1 or 2 in Seattle. But it's a handful. It's not a super extensive list and I'll tell you, we're not going to go spend the money unless we can get the return and we're not going to go do it unless it's a location that we think there's at least a potential for some cap rate movement.
Robert Stevenson: Do those become more attractive in the aggregate if, as Joe said, you guys can't find over the next year enough land to replace the ground-up development pipeline? Do those get elevated on the priority scale? Or is that regardless you've got enough capital to do both if you really wanted to?
Jerry Davis: I think if you had good investment opportunities, you would find a way to, I guess, allocate the capital appropriately. And I will tell you this, we're not -- just like we were not going to aggressively underwrite development, we're not going to aggressively underwrite for a redevelopment just to find a place to go spend some capital. If we don't believe in the project, I don't see us spending the money on it.
Robert Stevenson: And then just lastly on that same thing. If it's not -- if it's a B -- if the B asset and A location and it doesn't deserve CapEx dollars to do a renovation, does that immediately put it on the candidates for sale at the right price?
Jerry Davis: No, I think you're right. We look at assets like that if we can't pencil a renovation. And it's a B asset in an A location or especially more frequently the B in the B that you can underwrite and if it's not just viable to spend the CapEx, then yes, I think it can work its way onto our disposition list.
Operator: The next question is from Jeffrey Pehl of Goldman Sachs.
Jeffrey Pehl: Just wanted to go back to the same-store revenue growth guidance. Looks like year-to-date, it's about 4.2% and you were 3.9% in 2Q. Just want to see what your expectations are for third quarter, if it be similar to 3Q or 2Q or if you have a deceleration from there.
Jerry Davis: I think we really don't give quarterly same-store guidance, but I think, again, if you were going to just do the basic math of how do you get to the midpoint, it would probably infer that it's going to come down from the 3.9%.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Anderson of Mizuho Securities.
Richard Anderson: So are you guys seeing -- despite the specifics of supply slippage that you're seeing, is there a movement away from the urban core into the suburbs? And do you expect maybe some of your more outlying assets outside of the downtown to do worse in the coming years?
Jerry Davis: I think we've had the assumption for a while that, that's going to happen. We're seeing a little bit of it, but still today, Rich, when you look at where we're feeling the biggest impact of new supply, it's typically in those reports, whether it's a place. But sometimes, you'll have the outskirt locations, I'll give you an example, Dallas. Uptown is still extremely being hit by new supply, but so is that Frisco Legacy Village. We're feeling it up there, too. So it can move a bit. But today, it still feels like it's more urban. So I don't think it's fully gotten in and hitting the suburban product. But yes, I think our expectation, I'll throw it over to Harry to see if he's looking at land and talking to guys if he think it's moving out, but our expectation would be that probably will be the next step.
Harry Alcock: Rich, it's Harry. On the investments side, I wouldn't be surprised. I mean, we're actively looking at -- in a number of our traditional sort of large East Coast and West Coast markets. But in addition, we've expanded sort of our investment reach to include other markets that we currently operate in, including Portland, Austin, Nashville and Denver. Some of those will be suburban-type assets as we look to deploy capital, either in the Developer Capital Program. And in fact, a couple of the deals that we closed this quarter were in more suburban locations, if you look at Portland in particular. But also as we look for land sites to back fill our development pipeline, we're looking in sort of those first-ring suburbs outside of the urban core just simply because with relative -- with continued rising construction costs and relatively flat revenue growth for the next year in the urban core given the amount of new supply, the suburban-ish type markets may pencil better for us.
Richard Anderson: It may pencil better now, but if it takes 2 or 3 years to bring product to market, are you kind of putting yourself in danger zone in the sense that if Jerry's right in terms of the decision about the future of urban versus suburban, maybe you shouldn't be doing that?
Harry Alcock: We look at -- just like anyone else underwriting deals, we look at in-place plus an expectation as to how revenue growth is going to trend. So we take all that into account as we look at these investment activities.
Richard Anderson: I'd ask a little bigger picture question. I imagine from a stock market perspective, this sort of concept of supply slipping forward is probably less good than bad in a sense that you don't take your medicine now, but you've kind of just hangs with you for the next several quarters. But then I'm thinking about it, I wonder if the slippage and tell me if I'm right or wrong. If the slippage almost like in sync with the slippage of demand. By that, I mean, the Trump administration hasn't really produced the type of economic activity in the time period that they suggested. And so maybe as the supply slips and we get more sort of tax reform and whatnot from this administration, yet economy starts to heat up a little bit more, do you think this is actually sort of an in-sync type of scenario supply slipping and maybe demand picking up about at the same sort of pace? Is that a fair way of looking at it?
Joseph Fisher: Rich, it's Joe. Maybe a couple of things on that. If you go back to when we first put out the outlook and talked about our job expectations, while we were positively biased on what Trump may or may not accomplish, we did not actually factor that in. So when we're talking about demand slippage, I think it's demand slippage versus perhaps lofty expectations but not expectations that we had worked into our forecast. In fact, if we look at what we're seeing in terms of demand today, job growth and wage growth for us and UDR markets across the board are coming in well above national averages. The quality of jobs continues to improve. When you look at kind of changes overall. It's a mixed bag, but generally, we've had a few markets coming better, a few coming worst. But overall, a little bit better than our initial expectations.  So I wouldn't say that we've seen job slippage versus our original expectations. To your point though, I can see where you're going with that. But yes, if, in fact, we do eventually get some type of tax reform or deregulation, it is probably only incremental to the demand picture. But at this point, we're not underwriting it. We didn't factor that into our initial 1 or 2-year forecast. So it's kind of gravy on top of that if, in fact, it comes to fruition.
Operator: The next questions is from Drew Babin of Robert W. Baird.
Andrew Babin: Quick question on Seattle. It looks like sequentially on a year-over-year basis, Seattle decelerate a little bit from 1Q to 2Q. I'm just wondering if there's anything behind that or is it just kind of a blip? Is there jumpy supply deliveries? Is demand slowing a little bit? Is there anything kind of unique going on there?
Jerry Davis: I don't think so. I think Seattle has the ability to have starts and stops. When you looked at the first quarter, I know our blended rate growth was a bit on the low side then it accelerated. Today, when you look at what we put out in the second quarter, we have blended rate growth of 6.3%. So sometimes it's just the comp versus the prior year, but we did start the year very good. But I don't think it's anything to be overly concerned about. A lot of our product is in the Bellevue area and Bellevue is getting a little bit of supply coming out today but nothing extraordinary that's being absorbed well. Our Bellevue properties had revenue growth of 6%, 6.5% I believe during the quarter and you got a lot of job growth that continues to either come into Bellevue, come into downtown, job growth kind of happening now in Redmond. So I'm still not overly concerned, but you do have to keep an eye on the levels of supply that continue to come at Seattle. And for the last 3 years or so, it's been heavy, but it's been absorbed well. Today, I'm not concerned. But as you know, we keep our eyes on anything that's showing that much supply coming.
Andrew Babin: That's helpful. And one last question on the JV guidance increase for the JV FFO, was that something that just occurred during the second quarter and was passed on for the year? Or I guess, I'm just questioning the Verve, Mountain View asset, is that stabilizing maybe quicker than you'd expected? Was it JV or refinancing? What's kind of driving that upside there?
Joseph Fisher: Drew, so the increase that we saw in JV really have a couple of things taking place there. One has to do with the assets that we've talked about that were in the market and the timing of those potential dispositions or acquisitions as they remain in equity and earnings. So 8th & R, Katella, Steele Creek and the timing of those, maybe a little bit later this quarter than originally expected. The other piece of it, if you look in our guidance page, you can see that our Developer Capital Program in terms of the deployment of capital there, that range of $50 million to $100 million now factors in the 3 additional deals that we saw in the second quarter, so a little bit more capital deployment on that front which is going to flow through the JV side. And then I'll kick it to Harry, who can just comment quickly on kind of where Verve yield is.
Harry Alcock: Yes. Verve is -- we're 80-plus percent leased at this point. We expect the yield deal to come in at about 6.1% return on cost. Properties right on the El Camino, it suits up very well and that's in the JV with MetLife.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Hill of Morgan Stanley.
Richard Hill: I want to follow up just a little bit on the supply picture in your commentary about supply being pushed out a little bit. I apologize if this has been asked, but are there any specific markets you can point to where supply is being pushed out? And maybe, I think you discussed some of the markets where you're seeing higher but maybe where you're seeing it specifically pushed out.
Joseph Fisher: Rich, this is Joe. So [indiscernible] is coming earlier just in terms of seeing the slippage, both within first half to second half and then probably second half into 2018 as well. So when we look at the slippage overall, more weighted towards the second half today, but that could change if we do see more slippage in the 2018. But I think when you kind of look at the themes, all markets by and large are seeing some slippage due to contract labor. But the ones where we're seeing it most pronounced got to go through the West Coast primarily. It's Orange County, it's L.A., San Francisco, Seattle and probably the only other market that received a meaningful slippage is going to come in Nashville. So it is more of a West Coast theme overall in terms of that slippage that's taking place.
Richard Hill: Got it. And maybe the same question on the job growth side. Are there any markets where you're seeing better or worse job growth? I know in your prepared remarks, you talked about Orange County. Any other markets where you would point to as outliers, either on the upside or downside?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. You mentioned one of them already. So Orange County in L.A. probably a little bit weaker than our original forecast on the demand front. I would want Austin in San Jose in there as well. To the positive, so a number of positives. Austin doing better. Nashville orlando, Seattle, even New York City is doing a little bit better than our original forecast. So we've got some ticks and ties in there. But overall, as I mentioned earlier, job growth doing a little bit better than expected and continue to see job growth and wage growth in our markets doing much better than the national average.
Richard Hill: Got it. And then one final question, I promise. Same-store revenue, how did that sort of trend throughout 2Q, if you could? And how does that look going into July? Any sort of guidance or insights there would be helpful.
Jerry Davis: I'm assuming instead of same-store revenue, you're talking more about new lease rates?
Richard Hill: Well, yes. Either or, but yes.
Jerry Davis: All right. I'll give you the rent trends on the new site because renewals has stayed fairly static, call it in that 4.9% to 5% range for the last several months and we expect that to continue, at least into the near term. You look at 2Q, new lease rates on an effective basis were up 2.2%. That's what's in the supplement and it progressed up from 2% in April and it was 2.3% in both May and June. At this time and July is not fully done, we would expect to July to come in the mid- to high 1s. I would tell you, when we look back 4 of the past 5 years, new lease rate growth has experienced a similar seasonal decline from 2Q to 3Q. In fact, when you look back 6 of the last 7 years, we've actually seen July come in a bit lower than June. So what we're seeing today is fairly typical. This year, the slowdown appears to be coming a little bit earlier, but that's kind of where they stand right now.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Spector of Bank of America.
Jeffrey Spector: Not sure if this was asked already, but I heard comments about New York City stronger than expected. Can you talk a little bit more about the New York City market and maybe some of the submarkets where you have exposure?
Jerry Davis: I don't know if I said New York was necessarily stronger than expected. New York is one of the markets that's coming in about as expected. In our first quarter, we had very strong growth at 4% that decelerated to a more normalized growth rate for right now. It was 2.2%. Our expectation is it's going to continue to be in the -- somewhere in the 2s. But when you look at the submarkets we're in, we're really in about 3 or 4 submarkets. The Financial District during the quarter have revenue growth of about 2.4%, Chelsea came in at about 2.7%. Murray Hill property came in just below 2% and then the one property that's not in our same store is our Met JV property. It's on the Upper West Side and that one came in at slightly negative because it's competing most directly against the new supply of Midtown West.
Jeffrey Spector: Okay, great. And then I'm not sure if you had mentioned this already, but did you say occupancy today, we were curious on that verse. Let's think about a comparison to the second half of '16 same-store results? We're just trying to get a feel for that.
Jerry Davis: Yes. Occupancy, today, is 96.7% or so in our expectation. Last year, we ran the second half high 96s, call it, 96.7% to 96.8%, but it's going to be -- right now, what we're looking at is probably no uptick in occupancy compared to last year. Whereas in the first half of the year because of -- we ran the first half of 2016 in the mid-96s, we ran the first half of this year high 96s, we had an uplift this year on the occupancy side in the first half. And just one thing I was going to add. Even though occupancy's going be there, the one thing we do see happening as the year progresses is that blended lease rate growth will compress to a comparable level to what it was at the same time last year. So it has continued to get closer each of the subsequent 3 quarters or so. We continue to see that happening throughout the year.
Jeffrey Spector: Okay. That's helpful. And then just last question, just -- I know that you hear this throughout all the tours we take about cosigners and parents guaranteeing young renters today. I mean, is this higher than what you've seen in the past? You guys even track this? Is this something that we should even be paying attention to?
Jerry Davis: I'd say I don't specifically track it. It's not one of the main metrics I'm looking at. I can tell you I would look at cosigners more intently if I was looking at bad debt, but bad debt is stable over the last couple of years at roughly 0.1% of potential rents. But I couldn't tell you right now it's increased or decreased.
Operator: The next question is from Dennis McGill of Zelman & Associates.
Panagiotis Peikidis: This is Pete Peikidis here with Dennis. First question we had is if we look at the second half revenue growth guidance, if we look at the third quarter versus the fourth quarter, how do you see that trending?
Jerry Davis: Yes. We're not really giving that kind of guidance right now. I would say [indiscernible] going.
Panagiotis Peikidis: Great. And the next question, I just want to clarify your earlier comment that was made. So it would take -- where it would take pressure from irrational activity on lease-ups to raise the midpoint of the full year revenue growth guidance. And is that safe to assume then, without that, you could reach the high end?
Jerry Davis: I think the high end is definitely reachable. I think if you see the lack of pressure on new lease rates which right now, we would say is most likely to come from that types of irrational pricing, there's the potential definitely that you could get there. But things have to break right in a multitude of ways. But right now, we're comfortable with the midpoint maybe for the...
Operator: The next question is from Daniel Santos of Sandler O'Neill.
Daniel Santos: Just one quick question going back to the Developer Capital Program. What's your comfort level with any expansion of the program moving forward? And as you think of new projects, are you looking to have exclusive relationships with developers in certain markets? Or does every deal stand alone?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. I'll answer that. So just to sort of recap it, we recently did 6 deals, 5 in the West Coast JV plus Steele Creek out of the total investment of $233 million. This year so far, we've added 4 deals with a total capital commitment of $94 million. We bought CityLine which is one of the West Coast JV deals, so that went out of the program, $20 million and then we had 3 projects that are stabilized today that are all or one of which is 8th & Republican in Seattle. That's in the market and tied up for sale. So that'll come out of the program. Katella, in all likelihood, given that there's a Phase 2, that it comes online next year and in all likelihood, we're just going hold that for the time being and nonetheless, that just becomes a JV. So in effect, that comes out of the program and then Steele Creek, as we talked about earlier, is in the market for sale and that we'll see where pricing comes in. But either way, in all likelihood, that comes out of the program. So in effect, we've gone from $233 million to roughly $150 million today. That whole first group of assets has done very well in line with our expectations, sort of low double-digit type unlevered IRRs and we're actively looking to backfill that program with additional opportunities to get it back to prior levels in that $200 million to $300 million range. In terms of the second part of the program, we do not have exclusive deals with developers. However, you've seen us do 7 deals with Wolff in the West Coast JV. So it's not exclusive. It clearly is a program that's working out well for both parties. From our perspective, we get a 6.5% coupon on the invested capital, plus in effect, we get a 50% upside in value creation of the assets relative to our buy-in price.  And importantly, we have a fixed-price option on those assets that we believe could be valuable in certain cases, as you saw with CityLine 1, where we had an option price of roughly $100 million -- or $90 million and we had the value of the asset when we declared it was something over $100 million. Did I answer all of your questions?
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Toomey, for closing remarks.
Thomas Toomey: Well, thank you, all of you, for your time today. We do appreciate it and certainly, your interest in UDR. We started out the call by saying it was a very good quarter. You can see that things are going very well for us, leading to an increase in guidance across the board in earnings and same-store results. And we're very focused on the third quarter and the balance of the year and think things are going to work out for us on both of those. So we're enjoying a very good swing in it, guys and we look forward to seeing you soon. Take care.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-25 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Van Ens - Vice President Tom Toomey - President and CEO Jerry Davis - COO Joe Fisher - CFO Harry Alcock - SVP and Asset Management
Analysts: Nick Joseph - Citi Group Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc Drew Babin - Robert W. Baird Rich Hightower - Evercore Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley Neil Malkin - RBC Capital Markets John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors John Kim - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Greetings and welcome to UDR First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Chris Van Ens, Vice President. Thank you Mr. Van Ens, you may begin.
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to UDR’s first quarter financial results conference call. Our first quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. The discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC We do not undertake a duty to update any forward looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I'll now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon everyone, and welcome to UDR’s first quarter 2017 conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe, Harry Alcock and Shawn Johnston, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. My comments today will be brief. UDR’s business performed well in the first quarter. With our diversified portfolio and best in class operating platform continuing to deliver results and enhance our status as a full-cycle investment. The macro and demographic tailwind underpinning our strategic outlook presented in January remain in place and in line with expectations. As I look at the first quarter results, there are three key takeaways investors should be aware of; our continued operational success, the status of our developer capital program, and our path forward.  First, operation, in the first quarter, we produced a solid same-store revenue and NOI growth in the 4.5% to 5%. A level we expect again to be near the top of the peer group. Personal tip of the hat to our team in the field for a great execution. Blended lease rate growth in market that comprise 55% of our same-store NOI improved in the first quarter as compared to the fourth quarter of 2016, supportive of our view that operations are stabilizing. And for our community and lease up, we continue to see strong leasing velocity and rental rates. Next our developer capital program, which includes the participating loan investment in feel Steele Creek and the West Coast development joint venture. This program is a key differentiator for UDR and demonstrates our ability to create value for shareholders and pivot our investment strategy as markets present opportunities. Specific to our option assets as you recall, a couple years ago we identified these types of investments as a good use of capital given their strong risk adjusted returns in conjunction with the value creation potential embedded in their fixed price option. The options provide us with the opportunity potentially by a high-quality new development at a discount to market or sell to third-party and realize upside first cost or employ some combination of buy/sell in effect self funding. As option windows open on the current pipeline of community over the coming quarters and years, we will be sure to keep you informed of our plan and we remain confident that Harry and team will be able to reload our developer capital program in the future given the financial constraints developers are facing today. Last, looking at the path ahead. It is still early in the year with prime leasing season just beginning. But we are running slightly ahead of expectations as of quarter-end and we like where our current momentum is trending. Our positive outlook for full-year 2017 is unchanged, which should put us in advantageous position going into 2018. Despite the uncertainties around governmental policies, we remain confident that we have the right portfolio platform and team in place to continue to effectively execute our strategic outlook which will generate strong earnings, NAV and dividend per share growth over the long term. With that I will turn it over to Jerry to address our operational success.
Jerry Davis: Thanks Tom and good afternoon everyone. We’re pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results. Year-over-year first quarter same-store revenue and NOI growth were 4.6%and 4.9% respectively. After including our JV communities that satisfy our same-store definition, revenue and NOI growth would have been 4.3% and 4.5% respectively, both relatively similar to our wholly owned results. As our MetLife and KFH joint venture properties represent only about 10% of our total NOI, their influence on all-in same-store growth whether positive or negative is relatively minimal. Our operating strategy during the quarter continue to focus on building and maintaining portfolio level occupancy. As a result, same-store occupancy increased by 50 basis points year-over-year to 96.8%, while annualized turnover declined by 100 basis points. Concessions for the first quarter as well as gift cards were flat compared to first quarter of 2016. New lease rate growth of 0.3% incrementally improved each month during the quarter and stabilized versus the fourth quarter of 2016. We expect to see typical seasonal improvement during the spring and summer leasing season. On the renewal front, rate growth remained strong at 4.9% as we continue to see minimal pressure from home purchase and affordability related move outs, which totaled 13% and 7% respectively during the first quarter. Net bad debt remains low and at levels consistent with previous quarters. Next, our other income which represents just over 9% of revenue grew 11% or $2 million year-over-year during the first quarter significantly higher than same-store revenue growth. Why does this matter, because the majority of the incremental income came directly from ongoing multi-year revenue generating operating initiatives that were implemented over the past year or two such as the suburban resident parking and package lockers installations. We often ask how we consistently generate strong same-store results and win our markets. Our initiates are a major reason why and will continue to be as we innovate and implement further improvements in the years ahead. Onto expenses, expense growth often plays second fiddle to revenue growth. But both contributes meaningful to NOI growth and drive our best in class operating platform. Today, I would like to highlight our success in containing controllable expenses. Controllable expenses include personnel costs, utilities, repairs and maintenance, and administrative and marketing cost. Over the five-year period from 2011 to 2016, our annual same-store expense growth averaged 2.9% versus only 1.0% for controllable expenses. Much of this 190 basis point annual difference is attributable to a multitude of operating efficiency initiatives we have implemented. This includes programs that reduce repairs and maintenance cost of technological solutions and moving the majority of our leasing online. I would like to thank all of our operating associates for continuing the focus on these line items as they create meaningful value over time. Onto a brief market update, making up 33% of our same-store NOI in the quarter, strong blended lease rate growth was evident in Dallas, Seattle, Orange County, Los Angeles, Monterey Peninsula and Orlando. While Baltimore, Richmond, San Francisco, Austin and Portland which comprised about 19% of our same-store NOI were challenged. While we have yet to enter the prime leasing season and the first quarter represents a relatively small sample of leases, we are encouraged to see stabilization in New York and San Francisco quarterly new lease growth rates, which combined represent 24% of our same-store NOI. Occupancy averaged 97.1% and 98.0% in San Francisco and New York in the first quarter, up 110 and 70 basis points year over year. Should the prime leasing season come out of the gate strong in these markets we are in an advantageous position to drive great growth. Lease rate growth in Washington DC which accounts for nearly 20% of our same-store NOI was a little wider than expected in the first quarter, but reasonable given our occupancy pick up of 110 basis points year-over-year year to 97.0%. We expect leasing to pick up as we head into May and June. Last, Seattle which accounts for 6% of our same store NOI has come on strong as of late. We realized incremental improvement and rate growth in each month during the first quarter and this is continued into April. We continue to believe that Seattle will produce above average results in 2017 despite elevated deliveries in the city proper. Finally, our development lease ups continue to perform well achieving rates in aggregate above original expectations and with leasing velocities generally ahead of the original forecast. The average value creation spread expected on our pipeline is at the top end of our targeted 150 to 200 basis point range. Highlighting Pacific City, our 516 home, $342 million development in Huntington Beach briefly, as of April 20, the community was 17% leased, 2% occupied at an average rate per square foot 12% above underwriting expectation despite units and amenities not even being opened in the first quarter. We are very excited about this asset and its prospects in the years ahead. Other community specific quarter-end lease up statistics are available on attachment nine of our supplement. Summing it up, first quarter was another good quarter for the company. We remain focused on maximizing revenue growth and constraining expense growth. Most importantly, we remain highly confident in our ability to execute in 2017. With that I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Fisher: Thanks Jerry, the topics I will cover today include our first quarter results, a transactions update, a balance sheet and capital Markets update, and our second quarter and full-year 2017 guidance. our first quarter earnings results came in at the midpoint of our previously provided guidance. FFO and FFO as adjusted were $0.45 and AFFO was $0.43, all of which were up approximately 5% year over year, driven by solid same-store growth. Next, transactions, as previously reported, in January we closed on our acquisition of CityLine, a 244 home West Coast development joint venture community located in Suburban Seattle. As a refresher, we purchased this community at roughly 10% to 15% discount to market value which equated to a 5.3% cash flow cap rate at the time of acquisition. In addition, during the first quarter, we invested 15.5 million into CityLine too, a development project adjacent to CityLine, with our partners in the West Coast development joint venture. CityLine too will contain one 155 homes as they go in valuation of 58.3 million, a fixed price purchase option and will earn a 6.5% preferred return on our investment. As it relates to future options on West Coast development joint venture communities or Steele Creek, current market pricing expectations tilt these towards being a source of capital. Some of the proceeds of which may be reinvested into similar types of value accretive structures within our developer capital program. For an overview of other transactions consummated during the quarter, please see attachment 13 of our 1Q supplement. Next balance sheet and capital markets, late in the quarter, we prepaid $98 million of L plus 190 debt, the majority of which was scheduled to mature in 2023, as the spread on this debt was well in excess of current market levels. The prepayment inclusive of 1% penalty was temporarily funded with a commercial paper facility priced at L plus 33 basis points as we continue to evaluate permanent funding options at a lower spread. With regard to our $500 million commercial paper facility, $220 million of debt was outstanding as of the end of the first quarter at a weighted average rate of 1.24%. We are pleased with the pricing we have garnered thus far on this facility. At quarter end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, net of the commercial paper balance was $920 million. Our financial leverage was 32.9% on an underappreciated book value, 24.7% on enterprise value and 29.5% inclusive of joint ventures. Our net debt to EBITDA was 5.4 times and inclusive of joint ventures was 6.5 times. Timing will drive some variability in our quarterly credit metrics, but in total, they are tracking in line with our strategic outlook. I would now like to direct your attention to attachment 15 of our supplement where we have reaffirmed full year and provided second quarter guidance. Our full-year guidance ranges remain at $1.83 to $1.87 for FFO and FFO as adjusted and $1.68 to $1.72 for AFFO. Our full-year same-store guidance is unchanged at revenue growth of 3% to 4% and expense growth of 2.5% to 3.5% and NOI growth of 3.25% to 4.25% with average 2017 forecasted occupancy at 96.7%. As Tom mentioned earlier, we are running slightly ahead of plan thus far, but it is still too early in the year. While we have yet to see how the primary leasing season will unfold, our current read is that it will be difficult to reach the bottom end of our same-store guidance ranges. For the second quarter, our guidance ranges are $0.45 to $0.47 per FFO and FFO as adjusted and $0.41 to $0.43 for AFFO. Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.31 in the first quarter or a $1.24 when annualized representing a yield of approximately 3.4% as of quarter end. With that I will open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citi Group. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks and appreciate the color of how you're trending relative to expectations. Just wondering from a market perspective at 30 markets that are either outperforming or underperforming materially where you thought they would be at this point in the year. And then if there's any markets where you're seeing concessions increased.
Jerry Davis: Hey Nick, this is Jerry, there's a couple of markets that are probably doing a bit better than we would have expected. I’ll tell you San Francisco probably is the first one that comes to mind. We have revenue growth that was comparable to what we reported in the fourth quarter. And as you look at really the trending if you will of new lease rate growth, it was negative I think five in the fourth quarter, it closed to negative one in the first quarter. And right now, through the first 24 days of April, it's positive 2.2%. When I was in San Francisco last week, we're feeling better across all of our sub markets there, we don't have any direct competition currently. So write now, San Francisco feels good and in addition to those rents that picked up, we had also seen in San Francisco about an 80 basis points improvement in occupancy year-over-year. So San Francisco is probably one of the ones. Dallas has performed well through the first quarter even though there is quite a bit a new supply hitting Dallas, most of our portfolio is up in Plano. Plano does not have a ton of new supply directly hitting it right now, but what it does have is about probably 8,000 to 15,000 jobs coming up to that sub market whether it's Toyota, Liberty Mutual, few other companies over the next three to six months. We feel good about that market. And then New York obviously when you look at it we put up a 4% revenue growth. We're very pleased with that. I think our team did exceptional work back in the fourth quarter to set us up for this kind of performance. We drove occupancy significantly up to about 98% as we entered the year and because we had such high occupancy, we didn't have to be as aggressive on competing for residents and lowering rate. And that allowed new lease rate growth in New York to be just a negative 0.4 in the first quarter. I would tell you that is one of the only properties that as we go from first quarter into April that shows a worsening of new lease rate growth is that negative 0.4%. And the reason I'm telling you this is I want you to see through the 4% that we reported in the first quarter, we don't expect that to trend for the remainder of the year, a large portion of that 4% again was made up of a pick-up in occupancy year over year that contributed about 70 basis points of the revenue growth. And we also had a good comp for bad debt that helped by about 40 basis points. So New York we still feel is going to come in probably below the bottom end of our full-year guidance. We give our two-year outlook, we state which markets are going to come in where, so we still don't see New York coming in above a 3% right now. But we're very happy with the work our team did in the first quarter there.
Nick Joseph: Are there any markets right now that you're seeing concessions increase?
Jerry Davis: I don't think they're going up much. New York has continued to be probably in most of the lease up properties they're given away two months in our particular properties. I mean stabilized properties, we saw concessions first quarter versus first quarter of last year remain fairly flat as did gift cards. But again on the lease up side, you're really seeing between four and eight weeks in a variety of markets, New York is probably the most concessionary market along with Austin that we're in and those are both probably pushing close to the two months free. Orange County where there is some new supply hitting in Huntington Beach as well as Irvine. We're only seen a month in those markets. Downtown LA is somewhere between one and two months. San Francisco seems to be fairly stable with lease up, so at about six weeks. And then when you get into Seattle, it's still about a month free there. And then I guess the last one I would close with or last two. Boston is right around a month and in DC it's probably right around a month, most of the new lease there in a either NoMa or the ballpark area.
Nick Joseph: And then just in terms of the West Coast JV, you expanded that relationship. Is there an opportunity to further expand that relationship? And then more broadly, are there - are you seeing additional opportunities to monitor Steele Creek or the West Coast JV for these kind of more creative structures.
Jerry Davis: Hey Nick, it’s Jerry. It terms of back billing, we did close another Phase II in CityLine and Seattle with Wolff. As you can imagine, we continue to have dialogue with Wolff on other similar deals which may or may not happen. In general in the market, with the reduction in their change in sort of lending guidelines, reduction in proceeds, increase in pricing. This type of opportunity is going to continue to be available for us to build a small piece in the capital stack for developers. So we're continuing to have dialog and will let you know how those play out as the year goes on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Austin Wurschmidt from KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: I noticed you guys included blended lease rate detail from last year in the [indiscernible] and it seems like that spread has narrowed in the last couple quarters after peaking out in the third quarter. And so I'm just wondering if you would expect the spread between blended lease rates versus a year ago continue to narrow over the next several quarters?
Jerry Davis: Yeah, and this is Jerry. We absolutely do expect that to happen. In fact, when you look at where April is today, it's narrowed from the blend down to about 1.8%. So it is a negative 1.8. So it’s continued to get better. I think in the first quarter it was at negative 2.7 on a blended basis. As we look out, our expectation was you probably get to the point where it actually flips to positive sometime later this year, not sure on the timing at this point, it's really dependent on the continuation of job growth and new lease-ups having rational pricing. But we do see a point of time later this year where we would expect the blend and especially on the new side to be better than it was at same time last year.
Austin Wurschmidt: So it's fair to say I think last quarter you said you expected blended lease rate growth of 3% to 4%, you guys put up 2.5 in the first quarter, so that as well should accelerate through the year or I guess the spread between new and renewal lease rate should converge?
Jerry Davis: Absolutely, when you look at April for example and this is through the first 24 days. Our new lease rate growth was up to 2.2% compared to the 0.3 that we had for the first quarter and that's normal seasonality that's in play. And we would expect that 2.2 to continue to grow through at least the next four to six months. And then once we get to 4Q, you will have the seasonality kick in and take it back down a bit. Our renewal growth so far in April for the total same-store pool is it 5.3% compared to the 4.9% in the first quarter. You won't see a continuation most likely of renewal growth continuing to rise. Our expectation would be for the next three to six months that it's probably going to be in that five range, maybe high fours, but you should see the new continue to come up and if typical seasonality happens and I'm not saying it will because it definitely didn’t last year, you typically get to a point, call it July and August where new comes fairly close to renewal.
Austin Wurschmidt: Could use round out and go ahead and give us occupancy I guess for April and then what you're asking for May on renewals.
Jerry Davis: Occupancy today is just under 97% call it 96.95 as a company and what we're sending out for May again is right around that but what we're achieving now is right around that 5 to 5.3 range, non-renewals.
Austin Wurschmidt: And then last one from me, you mentioned some starting to see stabilization in San Francisco. And I was wondering if you could just marry the recent slowdown we've seen in job growth across several of the West Coast markets with the demand or traffic that you're seeing across the market and in your property specifically?
Jerry Davis: Yeah, traffic has continued to be good in all of the West Coast markets. [indiscernible] right now is probably a bit slower and just a hair weaker than we would have hoped for especially down in Orange County, we're feeling it, I think that's more in the job side than the supply side. LA, where our same-store pool is, out Marina del Rey is doing fine, there's a lot of job growth out there on limited new supply downtown, is very difficult though. San Francisco, I’ll tell you what I heard last week is, you're starting to see a few more - a little more activity from the start ups with some job growth, which is helping to stabilize Silicon Valley. Silicon Valley also this year is expected to have less new supply in most of it is going to hit in the first half, but today it doesn't feel that bad. And then the one I did mention it earlier when Nick asked, but the one that’s really come on and I know it’s a concern for a lot of people when we put out our update a few months ago is Seattle. Seattle is very strong today for us. We had new lease rate growth of 0.9% in the first quarter. So far in April it's over 6%. So you seen that market really accelerated throughout the first quarter especially starting in March and then it really jumped up this past month. So, I think Seattle is one that, while you have to keep your eye on new supply specially downtown, most of our portfolio is out in Bellevue, we actually have no same-store properties in Downtown Seattle, but we're pretty encouraged over there. And you're seeing job relocations going out to Bellevue whether it's Salesforce, Amazon, Apple has been looking out there. So we're pretty pumped on the east side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Babin from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Drew Babin: A question for Jerry, you mentioned that in San Francisco and New York you are not seeing much direct competition in your property so far this year. Do you anticipate that there will any at any point, any properties kind of delivering as the year goes on that might impact this?
Jerry Davis: Yeah, we actually, you know, we've really started looking at how much traffic is going to come out at us within a mile of our properties. And when you look at it you're going to have about 3,500 units that are within a mile of us in New York City. So a lot of that about half of it's going to hit us in the first half, half in the second half, but it's typically at a higher rent and higher price point for example in New York, you've got the Copper Building right next to View 34, but the rest they're asking are quite a bit higher than us and the size of the units it's quite a bit smaller. So while there is supply and we think it will affect us that's probably the most direct, they just started to lease up that property, gosh probably about three or four weeks ago. So we're going to have to see how that one plays out, but it probably won't help us. I think long term it will because it's going to bring more detail. And then in San Francisco, direct supply coming at us within a mile of our location is about 1,500 units this year. The good part about San Jose is most of it is going to deliver in the first half of the year and San Francisco about 40% comes in the first half of the year. So won't feel a little bit and again I just remember on both of those markets about 20% of our units reprice and while we're encouraged with how we’ve done. There's still they can move quickly, but right now from what we're seeing, I probably feel more optimistic on San Francisco and a little more cautious on New York.
Drew Babin: And then on the MetLife JV, I was just curious, the year-over-year NOI growth of 60 bps in 1Q, is that sort of a rate that we should model consistently for the rest of year or do you expect that pick up some?
Jerry Davis: I think it’s going to pick up some. I think if I remember correctly on the expense side, we have some real estate tax issues that hurt us on the expense side. But when you look at the revenue, which was up 1.7, it's quite a bit below our same-store 4.6 and that one it's probably going to improve somewhat but you do have very high end assets in a couple of sub-markets that are significantly impacted by new supply, whether it's the Upper West side of New York, Downtown Austin, places like that are helping to suppress that. So I think the revenue growth will improve and I think the expense growth will improve, but it's still going to have NOI growth that's less than our same store.
Drew Babin: And then finally, with the debt paydown in 1Q, I noticed kind of a proportionate pickup in your expectations for capital markets activity I think including dispositions. If you were to sell more properties, kind of what is that next tranche properties that you may look to sell, whether it would be by market or type of asset anyway which are classified.
Jerry Davis: Yeah Drew, just to clarify in terms of the increase in sources, so you're right we did pay down 98 million of secured debt. The increase in sources is not necessarily specifically related to dispositions, it's additional debt issuance dispositions and/or equity. So just to clarify on that and then Harry will take the rest of that in terms of where we'd be looking to sell from.
Harry Alcock: This is Harry, as Joe mentioned in this prepared remarks we've got three of these - three of these assets that are coming up for a capital event, one is Steele Creek in Denver, one is [indiscernible] Seattle which is a Wolff portfolio deal and one is property LA in Anaheim which is another Wolff deal. It's conceivable that will be and that source as Joe mentioned so that could potentially increase our sales for the year. In terms of other sales we haven't changed, our expectations for the amount of sales for the balance of the year normally, we sort of changed nor finalized really our other properties we intend to sell for the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower from Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hightower: So I wanted to follow up on one of the earlier questions pertaining to the west coast, it doesn't really apply the whole portfolio. Just wondering if you materially any of the direction changed your assumptions on job growth or perhaps the cadence of supply growth and when deliveries happen across the different markets maybe that don't evidently show up in the fact that guidance wasn’t changed.
Jerry Davis: Yeah. I don't think it's material. I think one thing we’ve seen is from our third party data providers is a little bit of slippage from 1Q to 2Q on some of the deliveries. So it's a little more back half loaded than front half loaded. When you look at the job growth, we've built our forecast assuming between 150,000 and 200,000 jobs per month. Today, we're at about 180,000 so that seems to be fairly inline. But no, I think other than a little bit of slippage from 1Q to 2Q, that's about it.
Rich Hightower: All right. That’s helpful. And then maybe just a little bit bigger picture question here, I mean as you look at multifamily NOI trend across different cycles, I think that the trough in many cases were lower than where it appears that the industry is going today, I mean, would you say that the industry generally or at least with the market that you guys are invested in, I mean would you say that the glide path is a lot smoother in terms of what the downturn could look like, just given that supply dynamic, that demand dynamic that you're currently forecasting, how do you think about it relative to history?
Tom Toomey: Rich, this is Toomey. From a lens perspective of time, I'd say, I've been at it since the 80s and the number one thing that usually kills off our revenue growth is supply. And even in a recessions, the Bs generally hold up in the face of economic downturn. So on the supply picture, what I've seen over the last decade is more transparency on information about individual markets, individual price points, lenders using that data and turning their spigot on and off and shutting off supply pretty darn quickly as well as the Fannie and Freddie shops looking at those same numbers and adjusting their spreads with respect to permanent financing.  So I think what's happened is we've finally moved to enough transparency that the threat of oversupply seems to be quickly shut down before it gained so much momentum that we go negative. And there's just recent example in DC, 09-010, it was a market that was, everybody was piling in to build on, it was generating jobs, it got oversupply. It never went negative and that's because they were able to cut it off quick enough on new supply to shut that down. So I would always think about this transparency has probably provided us and taken out a lot of those high volatile years that we've had in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Just a quick question with regards to supply to Rich’s question, you mentioned some slippage from the first to the second quarter, could you give us any color as to what markets those are and does that change anything in terms of the trajectory of the better than expected results to date?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey Juan, this is Joe. So just to clarify, first quarter to second quarter is actually first half to second half. So when we’re originally looking at supply coming through this year, we had deliveries penciling in at about, call it 52%, 53% of full year coming in the first half. That's closer to about 46% on the numbers that we're seeing today. So you have seen a shift over to the second half, most of that being due to labor and I would say that the labor issue that we're seeing is really throughout the country. It is not necessarily market specific. So in terms of market specifics, as to where we're seeing that shift take place, there isn't one market that sticks out as being a more first half, more second half in terms of what our original expectations were. So no clear trend there.
Juan Sanabria: And just following up on that supply question, we've seen the national kind of permit numbers continue to be up 20 plus percent on a trailing 12-month basis, I mean, how should investors get comfort that supply isn’t going to continue to be pretty elevated, just given the permitting data, is it just a question of just the buildings won’t get built, because it won’t get the financing necessary or how are you guys thinking about that?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. I think we've taken a look at it from two different perspectives. There's the quantitative aspect, some of what you alluded to and then the qualitative aspect. So from a quantitative perspective, you're correct that permits have remained stubbornly higher over the last six months. That said when we've gone back and looked at what the typical ratio is of deliveries to permits on a lag basis, it's about 85% and when we overlaid that with the availability of credit, that does oscillate a little bit.  So to Harry's comments earlier in terms of seeing credit become more constrained for developers, seeing proceeds come down, seeing cost go up and then difficulty in terms of getting labor in the market, we do think that there's going to be a reduction in that ratio from a historical perspective. The qualitative aspect comes into discussions that we're having with private developers in terms of the amount of sights that they're sitting on today, what their starts were last year versus their starts that they expect this year. That continues to tilt us towards the belief that starts activity will come down and not necessarily mirror the permit activity, but you're correct it has remained high and we're going to continue to keep an eye on it.
Juan Sanabria: Great. And just one last question for me. In terms of turnover, you guys have done a great job reducing that and kind of boosting occupancy, any ability to kind of maybe not be quite as conservative and pushing and not pushing rate and letting turnover climb up and driving pricing more aggressively or still kind of too tenuous to do that at this point in time.
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. I guess I’d start with, I think while our turnover come down and our occupancy has gone up, I don't think [indiscernible] I would just ask you as our competitors report just do a comparison. What we've done is create some teams here in our corporate office that have worked very hard over the last year to reach out to residents that have given notice to try to save them frequently, you have to -- you don’t have to give them a reduced rate. Sometimes, you have to come down a little bit, but they've helped drive that turnover rate down more than anything.  And I think when you look at it too, when you look at the delta between when a renewal comes in at and a new lease comes in at, over a year, it's probably going to be at least 200 basis points if this year holds true for what's happened over the last five or six years. If you look at the first quarter, the delta was more like 500 basis point. So it's definitely advantageous on the revenue side plus on the NOI and AFFO because you're not having to turn the unit, you're not having to come up with recurring CapEx to save as many residents as you can.  And in addition to that, I can tell you we've put much more of a focus over the last two to three years on our customer satisfaction ratings and I think that's helped also. So I think it's a combination of all those things, but again I do not think we're sitting here making the trade of late for occupancy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb from Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good afternoon. Just two questions. First, Joe, now that you’ve been there for a few months, what are the things that’s interesting about UDR as you guys have some top same-store metrics and yet, your earnings growth is sort of in line with peers? So to that end, do you think that you'll start to combine and just publish one same store metric that includes both the wholly owned and share of JVs, so that way, we get a better sense to a line the same store metrics with earnings growth. Or is there something now that you've been there for a few months that you see that in the P&L or somewhere that’s causing that slippage between same store and earnings growth.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Alex. So in response I guess to the JV, same store and whether or not we’ll do a full pro forma same store, I think the approach that we've taken in the past is that we do not have complete operational control of those joint venture assets. We operate those in conjunction with MetLife. So until we have 100% control of those assets, the intent is not to put them in to same store. Clearly back in attachment 12a, we provide the detail as to what the same store impact is for those specific pools and then Jerry mentioned in his script in terms of what the impact overall is to the portfolio.  So I think we're providing quite a bit of transparency on that front. In terms of the translation of same store NOI down to the bottom line, there really hasn't been anything that I can speak to specifically. In the quarter, I think we had a couple of questions as to you guys looked pretty good on the same store rev and NOI line. We ended up at $0.45, in line with the midpoint of what we’ve guided to in first quarter. It was really just due to a couple of things.  As you mentioned, the JV piece of the portfolio, Met coming in maybe a little bit below expectations. From a G&A perspective, it ran a little bit heavier than we expected, really just due to timing issues as it relates to payroll taxes and healthcare. And then the other piece probably, just from a development redev and earn-in, we would expect that to ramp throughout the year. So now what we did do very well on the same store side coming to the midpoint of FFO, I think I walked you through the disconnect there.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then on the development side, there is the regulators came down in December 15 to say, hey, thanks to appearing back on multi-family and then we heard recently from speaking to some private developers that it really didn't have an impact until last summer, given deals that were already in the pipeline. Again as one of the earlier questions alluded to or said, we haven't really seen a drop in supply. So for all the talk that we give to banks curtailing construction lending and hasn’t really seem to have an impact, so what do you think is the disconnect there? Do you think that banks aren’t dialing back on their construction lending and therefore that’s why supply hasn’t come down or do you think that is just taking an incredibly long time and therefore now it’s taking a hit where we will start to see supply come down?
Harry Alcock: Alex, this is Harry. I'll start and then Joe may want to fill in. He talked about this just a few minutes ago in the last answer that we're still seeing elevated permit activity. Well first of all, the deliveries that we're seeing in ’18 are projects started at ’16. So that has -- the sort of current financing environment was not in place two years ago when those assets started. Second as we look forward, while we see elevated permit activity with not just the sort of financing market that has become more difficult, but also these deals are getting a little bit harder to pencil.  We have decelerating revenue growth, you have increasing costs, you're just not -- you're simply not going to see as many deals penciled as you would have two or three or four years ago. So all of that leads us to believe that permit activity appears to be high today that the likely number of starts is going to tilt towards the lower end of the range relative to historical levels. So we do expect development pipelines to shrink and starts in 2017 to flow from levels of last two to three years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Hill: Hey, guys. Congrats on a good start to the year. Just had a couple of questions, at the outset of the Q&A, there was some discussion about jobs and specifically I think there was an example given how there has been some decent job growth in [indiscernible] which helped drive some of the performance in the Dallas area. Curious how are you thinking about job growth now, obviously I think job growth caught some people off-guard, heading into this time last year. Could you just give us some comments on job growth overall and maybe some markets where you're seeing more job growth more than others? I know you mentioned a couple previously.
Joe Fisher: Yeah. Hey, Rich. This is Joe. So I wouldn't say that our expectations or forecast for job growth has materially changed from what we put out when we put out the three year plan a couple of months ago. At that point in time, we were looking for that 150,000 to 200,000 type of range. In terms of the segmentation of that, the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic were going to be a little bit lower. So there's a little bit more de-sell there. Sunbelt, both Southeast and Southwest were expected to be higher, however, I’d say the deceleration there is probably a little bit more on a relative basis than what we've seen, but they're coming off a very high March, meaning the Orlandos, Tampas, Dallass, up in the high threes, low fours, on year-over-year growth.  They're coming off of very high levels at this point. So I don't think there's really been a material change in expectations. We continue to be positively biased towards taking place from a tax reform deregulation perspective, but we haven't taken that into our underwriting. We don't see it on the ground necessarily today, but the improved consumer confidence, business confidence, CEO confidence gives us some positive bias towards the future in terms of sustaining job growth.
Tom Toomey: Rich, I might add. You've got to stop from a length of time and think that we've gone through eight plus years of kind of a heavy regulatory environment that really if you will, business was retarded and developing and expanding and now you're arriving at, you had an incomplete legislative agenda around taxes, infrastructure and pulling back that regulatory envelope. And so the question you've got to just ask is we did pretty damn good in eight years of good steady growth, and yet, it was done in the face of those challenges, what will the next four plus years hold if you start pulling back some of those type of [Technical Difficulty].  So while the numbers are averaging out right in our range, I'm kind of optimistic, but I do live with kind of a glass half full and believe that when we finally get some legislative action, we'll see some more robust numbers starting to be produced across the entire spectrum, but what matters to us is our markets, our price point of our individual communities and how they interact with that job number. So the global -- overall US number is one thing, the global number is another. But we're really trying to run our business community by community and look at the impact and we feel pretty damn good about it.
Rich Hill: Yeah. Of course. And what I was trying to get at really for the most part was what's driving what seems to be some pretty impressive growth in the fourth and the first quarter and what seems to be some optimism, whether it's shops or supply and it seems like jobs are remaining steady and it’s really just the supply coming down, which I think we've all been expecting. Is that fair?
Joe Fisher: Yeah. I think that's a good summary.
Rich Hill: Good. And then going hand-in-hand with that, I'm just curious, obviously first quarter was good and your commentary seems to be pretty optimistic. What would give you guys the comfort to actually take that formal step and maybe increase guidance. Is it really getting through the spring and summer time and making sure that the strong leasing seasons aren’t back strong.
Joe Fisher: Absolutely. In our prepared remarks, we said we had good momentum. We were just looking for a little bit more progress into the prime leasing season to see some traction.
Rich Hill: Got it. Helpful. And then one final thing from me. On the lenders side, are you seeing any of alternative lenders, especially finance companies become more active in the multi-family space. I obviously keep hearing about banks crawling back, but I am hearing more and more about alternative lenders getting involved. So I was curious if you're seeing that on the ground.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. Certainly, we are, Rich. When there is a need there, market price is that opportunity, but what we're finding is that's pricing pretty expensively compared to traditional normal lending patterns. And as a result as Harry alluded to, that's causing everybody to have to repent so their deals and it's scraping some of them off the to-do list and they're not going to get done. But there is capital out there at the price. There always will be. The price is so deep that it's really putting a lid on it and I always expect the markets to work that way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Malkin with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Malkin: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. First, Jerry, you talked about the blended spread kind of getting back in line or even possibly above last year's numbers later in the year. I guess, what gives you confidence in that, because the numbers we’re looking at for supply actually, we see it accelerating into the back half of the year and then still remaining elevated in to the first half of next year. So I mean is it, are you thinking deliveries will keep getting pushed off or jobs will start to pick up once more regulatory legislation is enacted. What gives you confidence in that?
Joe Fisher: Well, I think it is the expectation that job growth continues to come in at the levels, well, I just think it's naturally going to grow to that level. I don't see people pointing to single family home. But yeah, I think it is predominately what you said. You really just have easy comps as you get to the back half of this year that I think are very beatable and when we look at inflate rates today and the expectation of where we're going to reprice unit the year progresses, it just looks to us like that's the direction it's going.
Tom Toomey: Neil, this is Toomey. I’d also add, you have to look at where that aggregate number of supply is coming. It's shifted out of the urban corridors and has moved more predominately to the Sunbelt markets where the number of doors built for the relative cost per home can be expanded, but you're going to see markets like Phoenix, Dallas, Austin, Florida markets start to elevate their supply pictures and that's away from the urban cores that we have a lot of exposure to today. So we're getting talking about the supply picture as it relates to our portfolio and not so much on the aggregates because that’s shifting away from our competitive set.
Neil Malkin: Okay. Thanks for the color guys. And then also next would be LA. I know that you guys last year had a large development leasing that was hindering your performance there and I guess the first quarter started off I guess a little bit weaker than I thought, just given that competition. Is that something that’s really going to pick up more in the second half of the year or I guess we’ll see more in the peak leasing season of 2Q and 3Q, how should we kind of look at that?
Tom Toomey: Yeah. That’s a good point. You’re right. We did it by competition in play of Vista last year, because most of our portfolio was in Marina Del Rey. It kind of subsided, but when you really look at it, my new lease rate growth in the first quarter was 2.1% in LA compared to 0.3% for the entire company. So it was way above the company average. When you look at the revenue growth, I just remember revenue growth is based on the rate growth you’ve got over the past four quarters as well as any change in occupancy and when I look back to the first, second and third quarter of last year, I was going to head to head against that lease up and I had pretty minimal new and renewal rate growth.  So now that that's behind me, you should see an acceleration of new and renewal rate growth and I can tell you, even as I look in the month of April, we're at 2.8% on new compared to 2.1 and my renewal growth in April is 5.6 and it was 4.6 in the first quarter. But you should see as each quarter marches on this year that my year-over-year revenue growth should continue to improve from where it is today.
Neil Malkin: Okay, great. I appreciate that. And then I guess last from me is, can you guys quantify the remaining amount of 421a tax abatement burnoff left to go?
Joe Fisher: Hey, Neil. This is Joe. So as we footnote on attachment 6, you can see down there at the bottom in the first quarter, we had $233,000 impact on a year-over-year basis. It’s about 130 basis point impact on real estate taxes. Overall, the expense impact around 40 basis points in terms of NOI impact fairly de minimis, I’d call 15 to 20 basis points. For all of 2017, we think the impact is going to be about 1.2 million or 160 basis points of real estate tax increase. If you look at NOI, again it's only about 20 basis points impact for the full year.  So fairly de minimis, we continue to provide the disclosure on it just because we get questions on it, but as when we went through the two year outlook, we then provide the guidance on that, given the size and nature of it and so probably don't intend to provide any additional guidance in terms of 18 and beyond at this point, but it is a fairly minimal amount overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
John Pawlowski: Thanks. A follow up on the developer capital program. Between preferred equity and participating loans, the total portfolio size and total pipeline size is just under 700 million. Over the next two years, is that number, does the size of that portfolio go down meaningfully stable or trend higher?
Joe Fisher: Hey, John. It’s Joe. Developer capital program, we kind of look at it in conjunction with overall capital uses. So there's a couple of constraints that we place on ourselves related to that. One is we and the board take a look at three year capital plans in terms of as worst case scenario, what's going to happen if capital sources drive completely, do we have the ability to fund the committed development pipeline, committed developer capital program and debt maturities. So we have that constraint.  In terms of annual usage of capital, we’ve typically talked to $300 million to $400 million per year of development spend. That's what we think we can efficiently raise through free cash flow and dispositions. So we have that constraint as well and then developer capital could basically end up competing with development. Harry’s team takes a look at where they can find the best the best risk adjusted returns and they’ll place the capital there. So it's not a goal of increasing developer capital program, it's really having two different pieces of the business compete with each other.  We're going to continue to look for developments going forward, but it does look like that pipeline is going to be reduced slightly over the near term. And then you look at developer capital, we mentioned that we are going to tilt toward sources in terms of the upcoming options that we have. I think you should expect that we're going to continue to look for ways to reinvest that into similar types of structures. So the goal is not to necessarily grow that pipeline to a certain size or to have too much earnings exposure to one piece of the business, but I think that piece of the business today probably is an outsized returns relative to the risk. So it probably grows incrementally over the next couple of quarters.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Thanks. And then Harry, it's been about a year or so after you've closed on the Home DC acquisition and I believe you underwrote a 5.2% year one cap rate. Can you give some color on how revenue and expenses have trended on the acquired properties and how actual performance compares as a 5.2% underwritten?
Jerry Davis: Yeah, John. This is Jerry. I'll go and answer that. We came in very close to that 5.3, I think we're in a 5.25, 5.3, so it’s right about there. Probably, we’re a bit behind on the revenue, but we were ahead on the expenses. Really we found more efficiency on the operating side.
John Pawlowski: Okay. As you’re said the miss or the slight miss on the revenue was market rent growth or just less juice to squeeze on the home properties?
Jerry Davis: It was probably a bit on the market rent growth. I don't think it was the juice and the other thing is when you take over a portfolio of that size, you've got to culturally get that entire team to buy into your way of doing things and over that first year, we probably transitioned out 50% to 60% of the associates there. So there was a bit of a churn on the people side. So I would expect you'll continue to see some of the juice come from that deal over the next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thanks. Good afternoon. I wanted to follow up on the disparity between your owned and JV same store growth. I think Joe alluded to not having full control of the MetLife JV. And I'm just wondering if you actually manage the leasing process differently in the joint venture, for instance on your own assets that you trade wafer occupancy and I’m wondering if you do the same for the MetLife JV?
Jerry Davis: Yeah. This is Jerry. We actually manage them very similarly. It's really -- we do get input from our partners on it, but when you look at the occupancy rate on the Met deals versus the whole-owned, they run probably 50 basis points lower than the wholly-owned and when you look at the delta between what occupancy was same time this year versus last year, that is actually up 80 bps year over year compared to 50 bps for the same store. The biggest difference in addition to having some input on whether it's revenue enhancing spend or a few other operational thing, it's really the quality and the location of those assets.  Those are A plus deals typically. Very frequently in urban locations that are competing more head to head against new supply and again when I think about where they’re at, it’s downtown LA, it’s downtown Seattle, it's downtown Austin, it’s Upper West Side of New York. So it's really more of a competition versus new supply and it's all a product. When you look at our same store pool, our same store is 50-50 AB, Bs continue to outperform As. It’s compressing, right now but it's still probably 80 basis points. So I would say it's more those factors.
Joe Fisher: John, this is Joe. Maybe just one follow-up related to that just to kind of put our same store in perspective because we do get some question on this. Same store overall for us represents about 80% of our total NOI and so we took a look at where we kind of stacked up versus peers and we actually found as of 4Q, the peers on averaged at about 79%. So while we get questions on what's in same store, what's not in same store as well as the MetLife is we do have a same store pool that is very commensurate with the peers at today.
John Kim: Thanks. Can you remind us how often your future same store pool?
Jerry Davis: We do it quarterly. Property has to have been in the same store or we've got a definition of it in supplement, on page 16 of our supplement, but we do update it quarterly, but the guidance we give is based on the properties that are in the same store pool as of the first quarter of each year. And the only addition to the same store pool throughout the year, so you’ll have a different pool in quarterly metrics versus full year. We have one addition that’s coming in in the second quarter and that is the sixth asset of the home portfolio that we bought.
John Kim: Okay. And then can I ask what your official view is on Airbnb. I know how some of your competitors feel about it, but as far as whether or not you encourage within your portfolio.
Jerry Davis: We do not encourage it. We attempt to deter it when we find out Airbnb is happening in our properties, we serve the resident notice, it is a lease violation. We feel strongly that the majority of residents want full time renters as their neighbors and they'd like that we do a criminal background check on everybody that lives in our properties.
John Kim: Do you have an estimate as to what percentage of your residents use Airbnb?
Jerry Davis: No. I mean it's very minimal and again when we find out about it, whether it's from us looking or their neighbors telling them, it's minimal. 
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd like to hand the call back over to Mr. Toomey for closing comments.
Tom Toomey: Well, thanks for all of you and your time today and we certainly are happy with our position and our momentum and look forward to seeing many of you in May or in June. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Van Ens - Vice President of Operations Thomas Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer Jerry Davis - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Joseph Fisher - Chief Financial Officer Warren Troupe - Senior Executive Vice President Harry Alcock - Senior Vice President and Asset Management Shawn Johnston - Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Nick Joseph - Citigroup Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Michael Lewis - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Rich Hightower - Evercore ISI Nick Yulico - UBS Securities LLC Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Drew Babin - Robert W. Baird & Company John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates, LLC Robert Stevenson - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Inc. Richard Hill - Morgan Stanley Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to UDR’s Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings Call. As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Chris Van Ens, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Van Ens: Welcome to UDR’s fourth quarter financial results conference call. Our fourth quarter press release supplemental disclosure package and 2017/2018 Strategic Outlook document were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Prior to reading our Safe Harbor disclosure, I would like to direct you to the webcast of this call located in the Investor Relations section of our website ir.udr.com. The webcast includes a slide presentation that will accompany our 2017/2018 Strategic Outlook commentary. On to our Safe Harbor, statements made during this call, which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectable of everyone’s time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone and welcome to UDR’s fourth quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer; and Joe Fisher, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe, Harry Alcock and Shawn Johnston, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Later in this call, we will present our 2017/2018 Strategic Outlook as we have done in the last four years. As is evident in the outlook document, we continue to execute well on our primary strategic objectives, which are operational excellence, maintaining portfolio diversification, allocating capital to accretive growth opportunities and strengthening our balance sheet. Focusing on these core principles provides a robust environment for driving total shareholder return, and we'll continue to make UDR our full cycle investment. Moving on to 2016, it was another strong year for UDR, and one that included a number of achievements for the Company. First, the strength of our best-in-class operating platform and portfolio diversification was again evident, allowing us to maintain same-store guidance throughout the year, while effectively combating the marketplace that was choppier than expected. Second, our external growth remained highly accretive. Third, our balance sheet metrics continue to improve enhancing both liquidity for the Company and safety for our investors. Fourth, we join the S&P 500 and accomplishment that places us in a select group of only 27 other property REITs. In short, these accomplishments showcase another year of successfully executing our long-term strategies, as set forth in our Strategic Outlook. All of the credit for these successes goes to our associates in the field and in the corporate office as they face daily market challenges and a CFO change. I would like to sincerely thank everyone in the organization for their dedication and hard work throughout 2016. Next, as we move into 2017, we are confident that the outlook for the long-term apartment fundamentals remains strong despite short-term challenges in the form of new supply coupled with elevated concession levels, which are forecast to abate as we move into the second half of 2017. In total, we expect this year will again produce topline and bottom line growth in excess of long-term averages. Lastly, we remain confident that UDR is doing the right things, and has the right team in place to create long-term value for our shareholders. Adhering to our Strategic Outlook’s core principles will continue to help us generate high-quality cash flow, dividend, and NAV growth for many years to come. I will provide further commentary regarding our 2017/2018 Strategic Outlook later in the call, but will turn it over to Jerry for additional comments on the quarter.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. We're pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results. During the fourth quarter, year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI growth were 5.0% and 5.3% respectively. For full-year 2016, same-store revenue and NOI growth totaled 5.7% and 6.5% respectively. During the fourth quarter, we saw a continuation of the topline operating trends evident throughout 2016. That is overall fundamentals continue to normalize with localized demand/supply dynamics in markets determining our ability to generate revenue growth. Making up 45% of our same-store NOI, strength was evident in Orange County, Seattle, The Monterey Peninsula, Boston and our Sunbelt markets. While San Francisco, Los Angeles and New York, which comprised 30% of our same-store NOI, remained challenged primarily due to concentrated new supply and elevated concession levels. For the year, the strength of our operating platform, combined with our diversified portfolio allowed us to effectively combat these supply driven headwinds, generate portfolio growth that compared favorably versus the apartment group average. I would like to thank all of the operating associates for making this happen. Similar to what you heard on our last call, we focused on driving occupancy during the fourth quarter to remain full during the seasonally slower periods. While each market and community is different with regard to the trade-off between rate growth and occupancy, I envision us maintaining this strategy at the portfolio level through at least the first half of 2017. During the fourth quarter, our occupancy averaged 96.8%, that's 20 basis points higher than in the first half of 2016 and 30 basis points higher than the fourth quarter of 2015. Next portfolio-wide new lease and renewal rate growth were flat and positive 5.1% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. We continue to see minimal pressure from single family competition with move-outs to home purchases staying flat at 14% during the fourth quarter. Portfolio-wide affordability remains a non-issue with move-outs due to rent increase at 5%. Net bad debt remains low and at levels consistent with previous quarters. Year-over-year same-store expense growth of 4.2% was elevated during the quarter. Real Estate taxes were the primary culprit growing 9.5% year-over-year. We continue to see pressure in New York from 421 burn-offs and across many of our markets due to still rising incremental valuations. I'll provide market level expectations later in the call when we address our 2017/2018 Strategic Outlook. Last, our development lease ups continue to perform well, achieving rates in aggregate above original expectations and with leasing velocity is generally ahead of original forecast. The average value creation spread built into our pipeline is in excess of the top end of our 150 basis point to 200 basis point range. Community specific quarter end at lease-up statistics are available on Attachment 9 or Page 21 of our supplement. Summing that up, the fourth quarter was another good quarter and 2016 was a solid year given the challenges we faced. We remain laser focused on maximizing revenue growth and constraining expense growth when possible and are confident in our ability to execute in 2017. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our fourth quarter results, a transactions updated, a balance sheet update and capital markets update and our first quarter and full-year guidance. Our fourth quarter earnings results were the mid to above the high end of our previously provided guidance. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.47, $0.46 and $0.40 respectively and were driven by solid same-store growth. Full-year 2016 earnings results came into the mid to high-end of our previously provided guidance with FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share at $1.80, $1.79 and $1.63 respectively. Next transactions, subsequent to quarter end, we exercised our fixed price purchase option to acquire CityLine, a 244-home West Coast Development Joint Venture community located in suburban Seattle. The Company's total investment in CityLine was $86.5 million, roughly a 15% discount to the communities’ estimated fair market value. This equates to a 5.3% cash flow cap rate. As it relates to future options on the West Coast Development Joint Venture communities or Steele Creek, we will evaluate those options as they become available based on our funding capacity and potential value creation for our shareholders. For an overview of other transactions consummated during the quarter and year, please see the transaction section of our 4Q earnings press release or Attachment 13 of our 4Q supplemental. Next to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity was $1.2 billion. Our financial leverage on undepreciated book value is 32.1%, on quarter end enterprise value, it was 23.9% and inclusive of joint ventures it was 28.8%. Our net debt to EBITDA was 5.1 times and inclusive of joint ventures was 6.2 times. All credit metrics continue to track well versus our strategic outlook. Lastly, on the balance sheet. As it relates to our new $500 million commercial paper program announced last week, the program offers us an incremental source of low cost floating rate capital and is fully backed by our line of credit. Looking ahead, we do not intend to increase our floating rate debt exposure as a result of putting this facility in place. I would like to make it clear that this facility will be utilized in place of, and not in addition to our existing line of credit. We extend our thanks to the rating agencies and our lending partners for making UDR, kind of only a limited number of REITs with access to this form of capital. I would now like to direct you to Attachment 15 or Page 28 of our supplement, where we have provided full-year and first quarter 2017 guidance. Our full-year 2017 guidance ranges are $1.83 to $1.87 per FFO and FFO as adjusted and $1.68 to $1.72 per AFFO. Our full-year 2017, same-store guidance cost for revenue growth of 3.0% to 4.0%, expense growth of 2.5% to 3.5%, and NOI growth of 3.25% to 4.25% with average 2017 forecasted occupancy at 96.7%. Other primary full-year guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15. For first quarter 2017, our guidance ranges are $0.44 to $0.46 per FFO and FFO as adjusted and $0.42 to $0.44 for AFFO. Finally, we declared a common dividend of 29.5% in the fourth quarter or $1.18 per share when annualized, this equates to a yield of approximately3.2% as of quarter end. With that, I will remind those listening that there is a link to our 2017/2018 Strategic Outlook document on the Investor Relations page of our website. We will pause for a moment, so that everyone can gather the outlook materials.
Thomas Toomey: Thanks Joe, and while you are pulling that up I just want to welcome Joe to his first of many earnings calls and it's been a joy working with him and we're looking forward to many more years of this. But now turning to our 2017/2018 Strategic Outlook, which was published in conjunction with our earnings release yesterday afternoon. I'd like to start with some big picture thoughts. First, as you page to the document, you will note continuity with previous strategic outlooks. Our focus on optimizing operations for preserving a diversified portfolio, investing in accretive external growth, maintaining a safe and flexible balance sheet, enhancing transparency has worked well for us and driven strong cash flow dividend and NAV growth for our shareholders. We believe adherence to these strategies position UDR well to capitalize on opportunities in a variety of economic backdrops and parts of the real estate cycle. Specifically, our diversified portfolio accomplishes several goals, including lowering our relative exposure to any one market supply and demand trends giving our transaction team more avenues to accretively deploy capitals and provide our shareholders with a predictable growing cash flow stream. When combined with our excellent operating platform, this is what ultimately differentiates UDR and makes us a full cycle investment. Moving to Page 3 of the outlook, we lay out our core principles. These are comprised of long-term consistent strategies that govern the path and direction of our enterprise takes. These are, one, maximize revenue and NOI growth in our markets through innovative and margin enhancing efficiency initiatives. Two, invest when appropriate in accretive internal and external opportunities that optimize returns for our investors refresh our portfolio, maintained diversification and better position us for future growth. And three, maintain a safe liquid balance sheet capable fully funding our enterprise throughout the cycle. These strategies represent our core tenants and we believe when executed upon well, drive predictable cash flow, dividend, and NAV growth over time, while also contributing to an equitable environment for robust TSR. Moving to Page 4. Our tactical execution of our long-term strategies can take different forms, depending on a variety of factors, including shifting market fundamentals, available growth opportunities and access to accretive capital. On this page, you can see a number of different topics that impact our daily businesses. Being flexible and proactive in all aspects of our business is crucial to our success and a differentiating factor. Next Page 5. Consistently executing our long-term strategies has led to strong AFFO dividend and NAV growth since our initial Strategic Outlook was published in early 2013. During that time, our shareholders have been rewarded with compound annual total shareholder return of 14.9% versus the NAREIT apartment index of 12.3% and NAREIT equity index of 9.2%. Moving on the next 9 Pages of the document outlined how we have performed versus our previous four published outlooks, in key aspects of our business and where we are going in these areas in the future. We are not going to turn each page today, but I encourage you to read through these pages in detail. You will see that our operating capital allocation, balance sheet, cash flow growth and NAV growth results since our initial outlook was published in February 2013, compare well versus previous plans. Now, a couple highlights from that section. First, we do believe that we have the best-in-class operating platform. Whether we measure this by our ability to forecast results and trends or how we perform at the market level versus peers, we compare favorably. Second, our diversified portfolio makes UDR a full cycle investment. We value this attribute, and intend to maintain diversification by MSA price point and submarket in the years ahead. Third, our developments continue to be highly accretive. We are looking to maintain our pipeline in the range of 5% to 9% of enterprise value, but will not stretch if a deal doesn't pencil. Last, we have made significant progress on derisking our balance sheet over the years. We are comfortable where our metrics are, but we'll continue to make progress from organic growth moving forward. Prior to closing out my comments, I'll provide a brief overview of our macro view, and how it impacts our outlook. While our budgeting and outlook process is granular and built from the bottom up, we also employ a macro overlay as a check. Today, we face the uncertainty of government deregulation, tax reform, volatile interest rates and fluctuating supply demand fundamentals at the market level. While we do not know where these factors will ultimately settle, we lean towards an optimistic longer-term outlook on apartment fundamentals balanced against the pragmatic patient view of our business. Consensus expectations for continued job growth of 150,000 to 200,000 per month in 2017 feels appropriate and results in a relatively balanced supply demand environment through the first half of the year before supply begins to subside in the second half of 2017. From an incremental capital deployment perspective, we are in an excellent position to remain patient, but will still look to capitalize on growth opportunities, should they meet our hurdle rates using conservative underwriting. Ultimately, we are willing to say no to deals if they do not pencil and simply focus on operating our real estate. To close out my comments, the runway for solid growth in the apartment industry remains long in our view. While it is true that new supply has presented short-term challenges, we see this choppiness in the market as an opportunity for UDR to outperform versus peers. We look forward to another strong year in 2017 and successfully executing our latest Strategic Outlook. With that, I will turn the call over to Joe to speak about 2017/2018 expectations.
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Tom. Please turn to Page 15 of the document. On this page, we lay out our 2017 guidance, much of which I covered in my prepared remarks and our initial outlook for 2018. We expect that both years will produce same-store growth in excess of historical averages, I would like to stress that our initial 2018 expectations reflect how we currently view next year's fundamentals point out. Of course expectations for 2018 will change as 2017 progresses, but as in years past, we will not be updating our out year expectations until we provide 2018 guidance a year from now. Moving down the sources and uses, as you can see we have minimal debt coming due in 2017 with more debt coming due in 2018. As we move through 2017, you can expect that we will be continuously evaluating our options with regard to the 2018 maturities. Lastly, development spend will remain at primary use of capital during both 2017 and 2018 largely funded with free cash flow and dispositions. Regarding the balance sheet, we expect our credit metrics to continue to organically improve at a measured pace and both years. Now I will turn it over to Jerry to comment on the market level expectations.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Joe. Please turn to Page 16 of the document for our market level 2017 same-store revenue growth expectations. See from the map, we expect that the Pacific Northwest, the Monterey Peninsula, Southern California, Boston and many of our Sunbelt markets will continue to generate same-store revenue growth in excess of our portfolio average. This includes Los Angeles where we were negatively impacted by new supply in 2016. Washington D.C. is expected to incrementally accelerate versus 2016 and is now forecast to be a portfolio average growth market in 2017. Please note that this forecast incorporate same-store additions and D.C. in 2017, including five of the six home properties, which will increase D.C.’s share of our same-store NOI to approximately 19%. New York, San Francisco and some smaller markets will continue to struggle in 2017. New York and San Francisco especially will continue to be impacted by still elevated supply coming online in 2017, although San Francisco additions are expected to peak in the first half of the year, potentially setting us up for a better 2018. Last, as we consider new supply in 2017, our data providers are forecasting national deliveries of approximately 370,000 new apartment homes. Of this 175,000 homes or 47% of national deliveries are expected to impact the markets where we operate. Of the supply coming into our markets around 28% or 48,400 homes are expected to be added in our submarkets in 2017. Regarding how supply will be delivered as 2017 unfolds, our submarkets are expected to see average quarterly deliveries of approximately 13,000 homes in the first half of the year as compared to11,000 quarterly deliveries in the back half of 2016. In the second half of 2017, deliveries should fall back to approximately 11,000 per quarter on average. With that, I'll open the call up for questions. Operator.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. For 2017 same-store revenue guidance, what are the assumptions embedded in achieving either the high end, or the low end of that range?
Jerry Davis: Yes. Nick, this is Jerry. Basically the key differentiating factor on that is going to be, what kind of pricing to the lease-ups put out there. And are there going to offer two months free or one-month free. And the second one is job growth, but I can tell you the assumptions that we put into really get to that midpoint is job growth between 150,000 and 200,000 jobs. Our expectation is delivery should peak in the first half of 2017 that shows that our data providers are expecting roughly $370,000 home for the year, possible if it repeats what happened this past year that some of those could Slide in 2018. Now when you look – take that $370,000 national deliveries, the 70,000 are going to be in our markets and 48,000 of those are going to be in our submarkets. That's 13% of the total 2017 national deliveries are going to be in our submarket. We dial it down a little bit closer, when you take our top seven markets which make up about two-thirds or NOI, only about 20% of the 2017 deliveries in those seven markets will be within one mile of the UDR property. So you really go from 370,000 deliveries and when you get down to our top seven markets, a UDR property is having to deal with probably15,000 or so of those deliveries on a more specific basis. That being said, that's talking about 2017 deliveries. We are in some markets still facing lease up pressures from 2016 deliveries.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. What markets of the widest range of potential outcomes in 2017?
Thomas Toomey: I would say, Seattle. It's one that we're optimistic about job growth in some of our submarkets, for example in Bellevue, it was recently announced Amazon is going to come over to the East side, sales force is going to hire about 500 people about a block away from the two properties that we bought MetLife out of this past year, but you do have potential versus some supply pressures Bellevue got about 800 more units delivering there. We don't have much product in Downtown Seattle. So the glut of 50% of the supply that's coming into metro Seattle was Downtown, so that shouldn't overly affect us. But I would say, Seattle is one that probably has a fairly broad range. The other one, just because of what happened last year would be San Francisco. Our expectation is the bulk of the new supply, especially in SoMa gets absorbed, first – a lot of gets delivered and then absorbed throughout this year, depending on what kind of pricing that people impose, it could move a bit, but I would say those are probably the two markets that I think could swing the most, when we look at it.
Nick Joseph: Thanks.
Thomas Toomey: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Juan Sanabria with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Juan Sanabria: Hi. Thanks for the time. I was just hoping you could speak a little it too the expectation is on new and renewal growth embedded in your same-store NOI across the larger markets New York, San Fran, LA in particular for 2017?
Thomas Toomey: I don't have that exact data with me. I can probably give it to you later. I can tell you on a more macro basis, when we look at 2017 with the midpoint guidance of 3.5%, we would see blended rate growth between new and renewal somewhere in that 3% to 4% range.
Juan Sanabria: Okay. Any sense on the blended for those top markets, if you don't have the newer renewals just to see kind of where New York, San Fran and LA shake out amongst the many different markets you're in?
Thomas Toomey: Yes, I don't have that on the – I mean I can't tell you, I can give you a bit of an update to what's in the supplement on Page 20 of the sub. We give the effective new and renewal growth for the fourth quarter. I can't tell you for example, in San Francisco where we had negative 5.8% new lease rate growth in the fourth quarter. In the month of January, that number came down to negative 3.2%, so while negative. At this time appears to be stabilizing somewhat, I don’t if we'll be able to maintain that, but it has got a bit better. And then when you look at New York. New York in the fourth quarter, we had a new lease rate growth of negative 2.7%, so far this month we are at positive 0.9% in New York City. So that has improved and at the same time, what's really encouraging to us is our occupancy today in New York City is 98.2%. So we are able to really build up a high occupancy in the fourth quarter, which was part of our strategy have been able to maintain it and not have to give away rent in the first quarter. And then our occupancy today in San Francisco is 97.5% which is 90 basis points higher than it was in the fourth quarter.
Juan Sanabria: Great. On the expense side, I was just hoping you could talk to the assumptions around expense growth kind of picking back up into 2018, but maybe a little lower than at least we expected in 2017 and kind of what's driving that movement in 2017 and 2018 and any color would be appreciated.
Thomas Toomey: I'd say, really what you see is in the fourth quarter for example of this year, our expenses came in a bit higher than we expected at 4.2%. It was really due to real estate taxes, which were up 9.5%, a big part of that was the phase-in of the 421gs in New York and we also got hit with real state taxes year-over-year in San Francisco and Seattle. Last year, we also had quite a bit in the fourth quarter of some real estate tax refunds. So we came in a little heavier on expenses in 2016 than we'd anticipated which basically brought down some of the growth rate in 2017. So it was a comp year, but our current expectation is still that when you look at the components of expense growth next year, it's still going to be heavily weighted towards real estate taxes, which will probably be high single-digits. You've got utilities call it in the 3% to 4% range. We expect repairs and maintenance to be flat to slightly negative. We think our marketing will be negative growth in 2017, and our personnel we expect to be about 2%. As you jump over to 2018, where we have a range of 3% to 5%. There's a lot of unknowns at this point. Part of it – the biggest component is real estate taxes. We can see what's going to happen with 421s, but over the last couple of years that valuations of our real estate, and sales comps have gone up, which has driven real estate taxes. We are not sure at this point, how much will get into real estate tax refunds from prior years. Then the other component on the expense stack that we are looking at pretty intently, especially as you get into later this year, but especially in 2018 is personnel cost. We're just not sure if they're going to spike, we've been able to maintain those it basically sub-inflationary levels, as we've been able to realize some efficiencies and even though we've been giving people raises of 3% or so, we've been able to reduce some headcount. Not sure how much more that we have, but really the things that will swing it from the three to the five are probably mostly related to the real estate taxes and personnel lines.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you.
Thomas Toomey: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your question.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hi, guys. It's Austin Wurschmidt here with Jordan. Just wanted to touch on the same-store revenue guidance again. It seems like through the second half of 2016, you guys are north of 5%, so you've got a pretty healthy rate, earning into the first half of the year. And Tom, you mentioned in the concessions should abate in a lot of your markets in the second half of 2017. So I guess really what are you assuming for the second half of the year for same-store revenue growth, to get you down to that 3% to 4% range? 
Jerry Davis: Well really the assumption is obviously that you may or may not, if you get down to the 3%, have the pricing power that we're expecting, which is the blended new and renewal lease rate growth between 3% and 4%. One thing that benefited us quite a bit in the second half of 2016, was we had a positive variance on different line items. One was occupancy, in the fourth quarter, we were 30 BPs higher than the fourth quarter of prior year. The second one is, late 2015, we started pushing up new initiatives that bore fruit last year. One was charging for parking spaces throughout the portfolio even on at some suburban garden communities. Actually, the pick up and parking revenue attributed about 15 basis points to our revenue growth for the full-year and most of that was occurring in the second half. So some of that will not be repeatable, but yes, really when you look at the second half of the year, what could drive us down, and what's really hitting us right now is some of this irrational pricing, that you’ll see in our high supply markets where people are given away two months free. Obviously, when you look at what our blended growth was in the fourth quarter at 2.4% and 0% on new and 5.1% on renewals, some of that was seasonal, some of that was weakness in the markets. We're anticipating easier comps in the second half of the year, but I think the biggest factor that you really need to realize is the impact in the second half of 2016 from the improvement in occupancy and the improvement in some other fee income that may or may not repeat.
Austin Wurschmidt: Thanks for the color, Jerry and then just sticking maybe with Northern California, one of the higher supply markets. What are you seeing across the different submarkets between San Jose, downtown San Fran, and the East Bay just on the ground?
Jerry Davis: They’re all tough, I guess to start with. There is none that are doing great that some are much more challenged with new supply. I can tell you, SoMa is probably the most difficult where you've got a new lease rate growth that’s at least negative 5% and we had our revenue growth revenue growth there in the quarter, I think was something like some SoMa was I think negative 0.8% for the fourth quarter. So it was weak. Santa Clara was probably our next weakest we've got two or three properties down there and it was 2.1%, but we had a couple of strong producers to our San Mateo were at 4.5% our best market in the fourth quarter was Mountain View we've got one asset their net revenue growth 6%. I guess the commonality we’ve done really well is they were not combating new supply at all. They are - maybe B minus properties. But you're getting new supply down and Mission Bay and SoMa it's very difficult and you're repricing units negative mid single-digits, which is creating revenue growth that's slightly negative.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great, Thanks for taking the question.
Thomas Toomey: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
John Kim: Thank you. I guess without delving too far into politics, how concerned are you about headwinds to demand under the new administration? And in particular, we're already seeing major changes to immigration policy, and I'm wondering how much you think that may impact some of your coastal markets?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Thanks, John. This is Joe. So we been a lot of time going to take and through the variance the scenarios here and kind of decision free analysis of tax for deregulation border Texas immigration et cetera . But to be honest, a lot of it is really just big picture going to theoretical at this point. So trying to actually come up with decisions based of it's a little bit difficult. I think we’re going to the optimistic side, of course on deregulation and tax reform in terms of what it means for the company longer-term, but in terms of what it means for our forecasting and near-term business, how we're thinking about it. We're going to remain patient prudent about it and not making a big picture decisions based off the theoretical at this point. Harry are going to take through a little bit more detail offline on GSE or tax reform, et cetera, but at this point, nothing major impact in the business.
John Kim: How about in particular like H-1b visas? Is that something you track within your portfolio as far as number of residents that are under this visa plan?
Jerry Davis: Yes, this is Jerry. I don't have that information.
John Kim: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Lewis with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lewis: Thank you. I actually wasn't going to mention Trump, but John got me in the mood. One of the things we were thinking of is, we came across this list of the 50 Trump infrastructure projects most likely to get done. I was wondering if you've looked at your portfolio, and where maybe you have exposure, where there's apartments close to these projects, where maybe you could see some demand increases. I don't know if you've looked at that yet?
Thomas Toomey: This is Toomey. We haven’t seen the list, but I'll be interested in send in our production and if you look forward to Chuck Schumer and the Dems would help as well.
Michael Lewis: Okay, well I can forward it to you, at least. I don't know if I could – Schumer hopefully has already seen it. My second question is an open-ended one for Joe. To jump on your first call by the way. I was just curious if you haven't been at UDR very long but you have a history of following the Company, and I'm wondering if there's anything you've seen so far maybe that has surprised you or things you think you could do differently. I don't know if the commercial paper program has your fingerprints on it, but just if you have initial thoughts or things you and Tom have talked about?
Joseph Fisher: No, I guess as you said I’ve been around the industry in the Company for quite a while at this point. So knowing the team here, 10 plus or minus years, so got another more over time, their strategies, how they operate and as part of the process, I think both sides did a lot of due diligence in terms of understanding each other and where the organization is going with the resources are available, et cetera. So no surprises at this point. Really just trying to get up to speed and kind of learn the side of business a little bit more and add value where I can. In terms of the CP program, that was really the work of Warren and Abe Claude from the Treasury team really taking that forward and they getting that in place. So excited about that they work pretty hard with the rating agencies to get the A2 and P2 ratings from S&P and Moody's and then all of our lenders to get that put in place. So pretty excited about that is just another alternate form of capital that we have available. Again as said in the opening remarks, so keep in mind that an alternative to our line. That is not in addition to our line of credits or intent is not to take on additional floating rate debt exposure. It's not additional capacity as we see it. It's just access to potentially a lower price cost of capital for us, but the line which today indications are kind of inside of L plus 50 on CP possibly even tighter than that. So we feel pretty good about that.
Michael Lewis: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Rich Anderson: Hey, thanks and good morning. So I'm looking at the tone of the call here, and the development spending number in particular of $400 million at the mid point. Tom, you alluded to keeping development in the range of 5% to 9% of enterprise value. Is $400 million of the development spending a low number, like maybe the floor that we could expect from UDR, or could it even be lower than that?
Thomas Toomey: Okay. Rich, good morning or good afternoon, either way, it's about the midpoint of it. We think that range of 5% to 9% gives us flexibility to continue to find opportunities. But we will weigh them one deal at a time and let the market dictate where the best cost capital is against the return and risk.
Rich Anderson: Okay, so $400 million if second half doesn't go the way you think, could go to $300 million or something lower?
Thomas Toomey: Yes, maybe deal is not a clear that hurdle and if it doesn't, I’m not married to that number, a married to proper capital allocation decisions.
Rich Anderson: Okay, and then a question for Jerry. What's the situation with Los Angeles? I remember a year and a half ago, everyone was getting all warm and fuzzy about the market, and then it disappointed in 2016 because of supply, and now it's back up in one of your favorite markets. It's really kind of come full circle in a really short period of time that's not really typical of a market. Can you describe what's going on there and why it’s to hedge such a kind of a wipes – all kind of event over the past year and a half?
Jerry Davis: I’d love to it, Rich. Yes, I mean we discussed this in prior calls, but our LA portfolio is really predominantly concentrated over Marina del Rey, got three of our four properties there. And that city is about two miles from Playa Vista, which is where the bulk of Silicon Beach and you’ve got significant tech jobs going here. But last year, we also had a couple thousand units, really two operators that came in and had to lease up their properties last year and they came in with some of this what we've been calling irrational pricing. We are going away two months free on 12 and even though their base rents were probably 15%, 20% higher than ours, when you come in with two months free you basically kill any pricing power we had in our assets. So it took us from a, call it, the fourth quarter of 2015 in Los Angeles, we have revenue growth of about 10% I believe. And when you look at the fourth quarter of this year, it was down to 2.8%. It was really because we have no pricing power throughout the year. Sometime in the fourth quarter both of those deals stabilized get up to 90% occupancy, and all of the sudden, we’ll start pushing rate again. So again, if you were to look at the new and renewal growth page in our supplement, in the fourth quarter, we had new lease rate growth in LA of 1.4%, which was above average for the Company and it's 2.1% so far in January. So our expectation is LA – our submarket of LA had the biggest wave of supply in it, once it went away. We are able to get back on track and start pushing rate again and we currently think Los Angeles is going to performing above average for UDR. Now if you go to Downtown LA, it's a different story. There's probably 3,000 to 4,000 units coming online in 2017. There is a couple thousand units in lease-up there right now. I think most of them are given away about a month free, so it's not irrational, but it's just heavy doses of new supply downtown. So one of those deals depending on where your properties are located, you could have different results and because we have so much concentration at Marina del Rey. You can see us swing I think from having a great 2015 to underperforming if you will, by peer comparisons 2016 and I think in 2017, we'll probably do about as well as everybody else, maybe a little better.
Harry Alcock: Hey, Rich. This is Harry. I just wanted to add one point, if you look longer term in Los Angeles there's been a couple ballot initiatives, one that’s on the March ballot that is actually proposing to impose a moratorium on all new development in Los Angeles. It's a little unclear how those are going to play out, but clearly with the heavy doses of new recent supply, you have some local pushback, which from a fundamental standpoint could bode well for that market long-term.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And then, if I guess to have a yes, no where I'm not going to tell you response Metro D.C. is that a green market so to speak on your Page 16 and 18 or too early to say? 
Thomas Toomey: It’s too early to say, I would say it’s either average or it would be a green. We do see D.C. as being one of the markets that we see continued improvement as you get out to 2018. As we stated this year, we're going to be in the 3’s that's up from mid 2’s in 2016, but yes, we're really not in – our portfolio, I think that’s the answer just that our portfolio is not going to head-to-head with much new supply in D.C. We have one asset that's really going against fairly sizable way down by the ballpark or Southwest waterfront, but that one deal happens to be our rent control deal, which is pricing significantly lower, but yes, I think, D.C. if I'd guess today it’s going to be average to above average. The other market we think very likely will show some improvement in 2018 over 2017 just because how bad it's getting beat up this year would be San Francisco. We think San Francisco is going to definitely be a below average market this year as we go through absorbing supply, especially in the downtown area in the first half of 2017. But what we're hopeful for and I can't say that Los Angeles story repeats itself, but what we're hopeful for is that once you get through that supply pricing comes back, and you get to get back at it.
Rich Anderson: Great. Thanks.
Thomas Toomey: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Hightower with Evercore. Please go ahead with your question.
Rich Hightower: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. And welcome, Joe. So first question is related to sort of this comment about irrational pricing and some of the new lease-up competition within your submarkets. So how much of your view on the composition of the builder base, meaning merchant builders, or people with expensive mezz financing going to catch that, or people like that, how much of that colors your view on how long this irrational pricing dynamic will continue, and would you say any of that is reflected in guidance for the year?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry, and then turn it over to Jerry. I think you hit sort of an important element of our business as we look into 2017 that for the merchant builders in particular who rely on construction financing, that financing is clearly much more difficult to obtain lower loan to values, higher spreads, sort of redlining certain developers in certain markets. So that financing is not merely as readily available as it has been a year-ago, which inherently I mean that combined with continued rising costs and deceleration in fundamentals should result in fewer starts in 2017 that we've seen in the past two or three years.
Jerry Davis: Yes, I would add Rich, when you say how much is built into our guidance. I would say if there is significant irrational pricing, yes, we think that's what probably would push us down to the low end of our revenue guidance and if a lot of those get leased up or if there's a lack of that irrational pricing in 2017, I think that's what gets us up to the top end, but we think that is one of the biggest variables that we face on the revenue side. I think we can maintain the occupancy. I think we see the supply, the other wild card obviously is the job picture, but that pricing as what we feel really did the most damage to us and the sector this past year whether was in San Francisco, Los Angeles, even in New York City. I think there's a bit of a slowdown in job creation in San Francisco last year, but we do think what got us most was two months free on a 12.
Thomas Toomey: Rich, this is Toomey. Just some additional color. The GSEs have a program and I’ve use this is kind of an escape valve. Whereby they will go to permanent financing as well as a drawdown schedule if you will, on properties that are in lease-up. So you can go from – you don't have to be at 85%, 90% occupancy, you can start financing on a permanent basis as low as 60%. Now it cuts proceeds, but clearly the GSEs have programs should some of these developers as their lease-ups look for an avenue to go to perm in a quicker pace, they just have to look at the pricing grid and determine if that's the better option forms. So I think is that program starts getting more traction in the space, it maybe a little bit of a relief valve on that urgency to get to 90% so you can get to permanent financing.
Rich Hightower: Okay. That's actually very helpful color. Second quick question, you guys mentioned five of the home properties in DC are entering the same-store pool in I think the first quarter of 2017. Can you guys give us a sense of sort of the basis points of contribution to same-store revenue growth that are held within those assets?
Jerry Davis: Sure. Honestly, we have 3,400 total units coming into the same-store pool in the first quarter. We got the five home properties, you've got one property that was a development deal we did in Del Ray area of DC You've got one renovation deal that's in the Pacific Heights area of San Francisco and then eighth property is our Pier 4 deal up in the Seaport area of Boston, and you combine all of those in contribution to total same-stores is basically zero. They kind of net out, a lot of it is because of the locations they’re at. San Francisco was sub performing market, DC is kind of right in the middle. Boston is probably at the high end the blended altogether. They probably don't make significant they don't make any impact really on the total same-stores and even within DC, the contribution of those five home assets, the contribution is deminimize.
Rich Hightower: Okay. That’s great. Thanks Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Nick Yulico with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Nick Yulico: Hi, everyone. Going back to your 2017 market revenue growth expectation page here, and New York, Francisco or solicited below 3% revenue growth, something to get a little bit more precise of a range of outcomes for those two markets?
Thomas Toomey: Yes, we typically don't give anymore precise. I will tell you this, at this point, they're not negative.
Nick Yulico: Okay, so not negative. All right, and then for those two markets, where are your in-place rents versus where you're trying to get new leases signed today? Are you still below market?
Thomas Toomey: I do not have that on May, I'm fairly certain I would have a gain to lease, which is what you're saying on both of those right now.
Nick Yulico: Okay.
Thomas Toomey: And yes that’s basically when you do look at new lease rate growth that we show on the page of the supplement, typically if you see the numbers in negative remains what your in-place rents are greater than what current market rents are. So you're going to reprice negatively when you have a turn. So yes, I don't have the numbers on me, but I'm fairly certain those are going to lease.
Nick Yulico: Okay and just last question, Tom I think you talked about concessions abating second half of 2017, I think some of that was related to San Francisco, but if we think about Francisco, New York. I mean maybe there is a little bit different of a supply delivery completion picture in 2017, but there is still 2018 to come more supply. I’m wondering is this – when we talking about concessions abating, I mean do they go away on 2017/2018 or they just kind of bounce around and make both markets still challenging markets to be trying to compete versus new supply.
Jerry Davis: Yes, it’s Jerry. I’ll let Tom clean this up if you wants to, but I’d say this in San Francisco, our expectation is I don’t know if we would say concessions go away. We think they come down significantly. Yes, I can tell you and for example in the fourth quarter, this year our concessions in San Francisco were 300,000 plus higher than they were in the fourth quarter of last year that was about 40% of our total concessions. So I think as the supply goes through and you don't have as many lease up offering one to two months, and I think that takes all the pressure off to stabilize deals. So it should come down, will go to zero. Now, I can't tell you exactly where it will go, but I think the concession pressure there is shorter lived than it is a New York and we've stated previously, we think New York is going to be a challenging market for us and the other peers probably well into 2018 as supply continues [Technical Difficulties].
Thomas Toomey: Hey, Nick, this is Toomey. Just to give you a little bit more longer-term trend view from my point and I’m closing on 25 plus years of doing this, 60% of the time in the market, you can get your deal leased up with one-month concession. 20% of the time, you don't need to offer that. That was 2015. We did not have to offer any concessionary in almost any of our lease ups to gain the traction in lease up velocity, we are striving for in the pricing power. So 2016 fit a lot into that 60% bucket and we saw a handful of markets that went over the line past one-month free and then that's just a function of either job loss or excessive supply and you identified in both cases San Francisco and New York and 20% of the time you're in a recession, you're delivering a deal and you are going two to three months free. We don't see that horizon out there in our marketplace. We think the market's moving back to its normal pattern, which it operates 60% of the time. One-month free, as soon as that is leased up, people pull off the concessions, go back to full pricing and that's when we're seeing that exhibited for example in a market like LA. And our theory for 2017 is a handful of markets operate in that 60%, some of them are going to be on the lower side and still offer that concessionary, but Jerry and his team are pretty sensitive to it and you can see the responses been driving occupancy, and being very successful at it. So I think the key is, is being very nimble about your pricing schemes and sensitive to the concessionary markets. And I've always cautioned people on your side of the fence, you would learn a lot more by looking at the confectionery market, then you will the same-store market. It is a leading indicator towards our pricing power, strengthening or weakening.
Nick Yulico: That’s good perspective. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O’Neill. Please proceed with your questions.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey, good morning out there. And welcome, Joe to the other side of the conference call dial-in. Just a question, Tom, and maybe you are answering it when the phone cut out, but as far as concessions go, do you think that they have reached sort of a stable level and therefore as far as somewhere mid 2017 for the back half, then they’ll go down or do you guys anticipate in some of the markets that confessions pressure could continue to increase in the first part of 2017?
Thomas Toomey: Well, I think it’s a market-by-market specific question, and if Jerry wants to speak to or you want to address this particular market and its concession pattern, it's probably best directed at him. Mine is just an overall trending of how I see the market reacts and it's pretty darn predictable in my view.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I would say this Alex. This is Jerry. I think for now, they appear to be stable. I don't think they're increasing few markets that are actually coming down and we've had some success on lease-ups in a few markets where you're at that normalized level that Toomey was talking about. For example, we've got a deal in Irvine called, The Residences on Jamboree this past month, we signed 40 leases, we open this place about I guess two to three months ago, but we had 40 leases this past month add one-month free and today we're 40% leased and almost 20% physically occupied. So it is market by market, I think when you get up to San Francisco, we're finishing up to lease-up it 399 Fremont, and we're down to the last couple of probably least desirable units. And yes, we are now going to offer closer to two months free to finish this thing out. So it’s dependent on the submarket, but I do think is significant supply gets absorbed in places like San Francisco, you're going to see it go back down, but it's stable today.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. So the bottom line is Jerry that whereas last year, there is a bit of how much it surprise, but surprise sort of mid-year with the amount of concessions and supply. Right now, you don't see that happening in the first part of 2017 and sort of a stable situation and then should abate towards the year-end it sounds like what you're saying.
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think San Francisco is similar to what it was last year. We're not going to get surprised, because we're in it, but I do think it's going improve about in the second half.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then there is a question for Joe or Warren, whoever wants to take it. On the CP program, you are clear that you would either do CP or line of credit, but from a funding source and overall cost of your debt, does it matter which one you use, does it matter if you think about your long-term bonds, does one react better if you use line of credit versus CP, what's the differences you interplay?
Joseph Fisher: The main difference is just in terms of where we're going to price relative to LIBOR. So if you look at where LOC prices today, we’re at L plus 90, plus 15 basis point facility fee. So you’re at 1.05% all-in on that. Indications are that we're going to be probably in that 40 basis point to 50 basis point range over LIBOR for the CP program. So it's really just taking any balance that we had in the forecast over the next year or two and evaluating at that point in time whether not we want to move that over the CP and pick up 50 plus or minus basis points of spread relative to line.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, and historically, the CP has been inside a line of credit, or has there been times where it's outside?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. If you go back to the crisis, clearly CP dried up and liquidity went away. That's why it's a backstopped by the line and that's an alternative to the line, so it’s not an addition to it’s, that’s why we have the line of credit to back it. So CP can dry up from time-to-time, but historically it has been inside.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Drew Babin with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your questions.
Drew Babin: Hi, guys. When you first gave guidance for 2016 in Q4 2015, blended spreads renewals and new leases were up 5.3%. Ended up being a pretty good indicator for revenue growth for 2016 being 5.6%. Given the blended spreads are 2.4% right now, lower than the low end of your guidance, what can we expect in terms of turnover ratios, particularly in Q2 and Q3 during the peak leasing season? Would you expect turnover to be much lower than it was last year? 
Thomas Toomey: I would forecast this year it's going to be slightly lower, in the fourth quarter we were down a little over 100 BPs. I can tell you in January so far it's looking like we're going to have slightly lower turnover. It's hard to tell. We could get to a point honestly; Drew, if we got pricing power back significantly as we go into leasing season, we're going to put our foot on the gas again and it could push some people out. So I really operate to a turnover level, I try to maximize the revenue this past three or four months our intent, because the spread between renewals and new where so wide was there is value in retaining as many people as we could. So we didn't push quite as hard and drove that down and to drove our occupancy up to 96.8% for the quarter. I can tell you today, my same-store occupancy is 96.8% still, but we're just going to have to see where we're at in the middle of the year.
Drew Babin: Okay, thank you. And one more, just on New York City, if you could break it down kind of by neighborhood, where do you expect things to be a little bit stronger in 2017? And I know you mentioned before the financial district assets are maybe a little weaker at some spots during 2016. What does that look like going forward?
Thomas Toomey: Yes. I think Chelsea, our one deal there will be our best performer. I can tell you right now, it's new lease rate growth is I think 4%, you get down to the financial district where we have two, they probably – one of them is positive one today, one of them was negative one. Now we have few exploration so the sample size is very small and all of these for the month of January. But I think financial district is going to be difficult. There is still some of these older converted buildings that are in lease-up today offering pretty sizable concessions. The financial district probably goes head-to-head more directly with Brooklyn where there is a fairly significant glut of supply that’s being absorbed. Our property over at Murray Hill, View 34, formally known as Rivergate, it’s doing okay. I wouldn’t say it’s doing great. There's a new lease up that should start welcoming its first residents in the next month or two, it's priced significantly higher than us, but that's one of those situation. If they come in and they want to lease up fast and start giving away two months free, it could have an impact on us, so we're watching that. And then our Columbus Square deal that's in the MetLife joint venture actually stabilized. It’s doing okay, which means positive, it completes a little bit with Midtown West, but it's probably doing about average with the rest of the City. So Chelsea is the best and I would guess depending on what happens in Murray Hill, that one could get a little messy, but I would think the financial district would maybe be the weakest because of Brooklyn supply.
Drew Babin: Great, thank you.
Thomas Toomey: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors. Please proceed with your questions.
John Pawlowski: Thanks. Jerry, with regards to 2018 revenue growth guidance, can you share the blended rent rate growth assumption that underpins the midpoint?
Jerry Davis: We really aren't going to share that right now. We haven't gotten that specific. I can tell you the basics that come to that. It's really about four points that we thought about. One, we think job growth in 2018, at this point is probably comparable to 2017. We don't have anything to tell us. It won’t be. Second, we think several of our markets are going to see stabilization in 2017 as far as where supply is coming in, deliveries are expected to peak in the first half as I said earlier today in 2017. And you've got two markets that probably see acceleration from 2017 to 2018. One of those is Washington DC and the second one as I stated earlier in San Francisco.
John Pawlowski: Okay. And can you share January trends? I know you mentioned occupancy but new lease growth, renewal growth, and what you're sending renewals out at today?
Thomas Toomey: Yes, I can give you that. New so far in January is actually down 0.7% that compares to flat for fourth quarter. I can tell you a fourth quarter was kind of propped up a bit by October numbers. So it is down, but as I stated earlier, couple of the markets are doing better than they were in the fourth quarter, San Francisco is that a negative three for January for new lease rate growth. And New York is that positive slightly under one. The rest on it’s a mix of things. I can tell you again, we have continued to be pushing occupancy. Again our rate is 96.8%, I read an Axiometrics report and came out a day or two ago that was talking about December national occupancy was 30 basis points lower than it was December of last year were 30 basis points to 40 basis points higher than we were at the same time last year. So we've continued to do a little bit of the occupancy versus rate trade and then your question about renewal growth, January's renewal growth right now is coming in at 5.2%. That compares to 5.1% in the fourth quarter and what we're sending now for the next couple of months is right around 5%.
John Pawlowski: Okay, thank you.
Thomas Toomey: Sure.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead with your question.
Dennis McGill: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just digging in on the supply a little bit, there seems to be too many moving pieces when we look forward. One is how much supply is actually coming and when is it going to come, and then the other piece is how is the market reacting to that supply. So if you look in hindsight, look at 2016, was supply more or less than what these data providers thought it would be at this time last year, or did the market react differently, or some combination?
Jerry Davis: I'll start and somebody can finish. It’s Jerry. I would say – I don’t think supply was more it actually may have been a bit less because some of the supply of those expected to come in the end of 2016 slid into 2017. I think it was more the pricing of that new supply and again we've been talked about, so I don’t want to continuously repeat. But it was people offering excessive concessions that kind of put a damper on the ability of stabilized properties to push rate.
Dennis McGill: So if we look forward, then I guess the impact would be the opposite? You'd expect more supply, but you expect people to behave more rationally?
Jerry Davis: I don't know. I expect right now that people will behave the way they have been. And again, when we look at the range of guidance we gave 3% to 4%, if more markets prices rationally. I think it takes us to the bottom end of our range and if people price more rationally than I think it takes us to the top end of our range.
Dennis McGill: Got it, okay. I appreciate guys.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rob Stevenson with Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go head with your questions.
Robert Stevenson: Thanks guys. On the development pipeline, at this point, do you expect to start 7 Harcourt or the Dublin project in 2017?
Harry Alcock: Rob, this is Harry. 7 Harcourt is going to be a small redevelopment. I expect that we probably will start that in 2017, Dublin. So land parcel that we acquired out of the bed like joint venture, but in the third and fourth quarter of last year, I think we probably have another 12 months or more of design work, I think that probably has not started 2017. I would look at that more for 2018.
Robert Stevenson: Okay, and then since you started a JV project at Addison, is there any reason why you would start another project until that comes closer to delivery date in 2018?
Thomas Toomey: Yes, you're talking about the Vitruvian West parcel, where we have multiple parcels that we own with MetLife. Our expectation is that we'll complete construction sometime in late 2018 on that and probably won't start the next phase clearly until that one is completed. So late 2018 sometime into 2019.
Robert Stevenson: Okay. And then one quick one for Joe. The $600 million or so of debt was coming due in 2018 has just under 4% cost on it. Where are you from talking to bankers these days, where you guys think that you could place $500 million, $600 million of unsecured debt costs wise today given the 10-year at $250 million?
Joseph Fisher: Correct, yes we got that $300 million coming due in June next year 4.25% and then you have Fannie facility that's about $140 million floating and then $70 million fixed in there that’s high 3’s. So you'll probably see us not come out with a $600 million issuance so I would assume. You may see a $300 million to $400 million within that to refi part of it. We have the ability to prepay some of it, so it could get pulled forward. But when you look at rates today, 10-year for us on unsecured, we are certainly about 135 over. If you go into kind of insurance in GSE market, you guys have 10 depths wider than that for insurance another 10 depths wider than that or GSEs. So you’re going to have 3.8, 3.9, 4.0 for those three respective options there. If we went down to 7-year, which we have a whole in our 2023 maturity schedule, we could look to do something there as well. Then you are going more to a spread of 120 basis points on the unsecured side and then again, moving up from there for insurance and GSEs. So it's something we're cognizant of. We're going to continue to evaluate it. We will look at prepays, see if they makes sense at some point, but we'll keep an eye on it and may address some this year may wait till next year.
Robert Stevenson: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Michael Bilerman: Hey, it’s Michael Bilerman. Joe, congrats on the move again, and I'm just curious, now that you're C-Suite Joe. What's your pitch to the old buy side, Joe that at least, at the end of November didn't own any shares of UDR? What would you say to him, now that you're in the seat and why you should have owned UDR rather than NAV peers?
Joseph Fisher: Thanks, Michael. I appreciate the warm welcome.
Michael Bilerman: Would you expect anything less?
Joseph Fisher: I think it’s got the same thing, further reason that attracted to come over here was one, you look at management side in terms of the depth of the platform on the management side. Clearly operations, I think we're pretty excellent on that front and pretty good reputation there, continue to outperform our peers in most markets and then the diversification fees, I’ll call it a NAV trade. When you think about diversification, it's more or less stability of cash flow trade that plays into kind of the involving shareholder base that exists out there. So the stability of casualties diversification by market, price points of market is pretty compelling. So while it doesn't sound like my old shop owned as November. We've been holders over time in UDR, so hopefully they'll come back in at some point and hopefully some others will as well.
Michael Bilerman: Is there anything that you are advocating when you are starting other side of the table for value creation that you'd want to implement now that you're on that side of the table?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. I think there was always things not just with the UDR, but with all companies that I always advocating for dependent on my near-term and longer-term view. So at this point, it's really taken those views that I have and skill sets that I have kind of learn the business from the other side with the full information as opposed to looking at from the other side and maybe a shorter-term approach that I had in the past. So there's going be things that I’m going to look at, but at the end of the day part of the appeal that’s coming here was the decision making process. Yes. Five guys in a room, all have equal vote and all put their thoughts into it and then we make the decision as a collective group. So my thoughts, I'm sure will be heard, but we’ll debate them as a group.
Thomas Toomey: Mike, this is Toomey. Yes, I just add to that. And I think it’s critical to point to. What’s critical for our long-term success is to continue to evolve in a smart way and one way to do so is adding really smart people to the room, who have a different perspective on the world and have been on the other side of the table. And I think Joe brings an enormous amount of that and it’s great to having a dialogue with them about why we’ve done things or what we are thinking about for the future and to have a good lens from the Streets perspective, as well as an investment community perspective added to that. So he is very extremely additive to the conversations, we make a decision on things here as a group and anytime that group is stronger, we make better decisions.
Michael Bilerman: Agreed. I guess one last one Joe is, we spend a lot of time on investments and operations. I guess as a previous investor, how do you evaluate corporate governance for the apartment REITs, and how do you think UDR ranks? And is there things that coming from that buy-side mentality that you would want to implement at UDR in the corporate governance side?
Joseph Fisher: Yes. Anything on the corporate governance side in terms of implementation, we're going to always be open to feedback from investors on the Street, but it's really going to come from discussions with the Board and management team, top down. So not going to speak to any views that I may or may not have on corporate governance at this point.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Richard Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Richard Hill: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Quick question, maybe just taking a step back, and we may be unique to this, and we may not be. But in a lot of our discussions with both investors that are investing in apartments and maybe more generalist investors that are looking at rentership overall, there seems to be at least more questions we're getting as to whether or not some of the apartment REITs would at some point be looking to invest in the single family rental market. I guess our response is there's not enough apartments in the United States as is over a longer term, so maybe it's not needed. But I'm curious if that's something you've thought about, if you're getting questions about that, as well and if you just think that's a completely crazy question?
Thomas Toomey: Rich, this is Toomey. I'll give you my point of view on it. First, from lens of, I think home ownership is going to wane. If you look at it, people that are over 60% is 80%, the national numbers are 63% as they age out, so to speak, that number probably comes down. And so I think you're seeing in general acceptance that renting is a very viable option and the sigma that existed under my generation has waned. When I think about the single-family rental business, I've been amazed and very applauding the fact it went from a transaction to actually an operating model. And then when I look at the operating model they've moved their cash flow margin from about 30% up to 40% in a pretty damn rapid window of time. And I think that's a testament to those management teams and to their efforts and wish them the best of luck on continuing to grow that. From our cash flow margin standpoint, we're operating at about 63%, 65%, so if I were going to invest a dollar, do I want to invested in a business at 40% margin or one that 60 plus margin and how does that valuation adjust accordingly to that. And we've built a Company as Joe highlighted earlier driven towards cash flow margin expansion et cetera, et cetera. And so I think apartments would be taking a step back by adding that margin and to look at the operating detail and ask could it ever achieve going from 40 to 60 plus. It might, but times going to – it's going to take a long time to get there in my view. So that's my lens on the single-family versus multifamily perspective and I would pretty much say at this time, I would have no interest in joining the ranks of the single-family rental pool.
Richard Hill: Got it, that's very helpful. Just wanted to get your strategic thoughts on it. That's all for me.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Wes Golladay: Hi, guys. Looking at the construction lending environment, it continues to get tougher and tougher. Do you think this will lead to more of a supply and demand imbalance late 2018 and 2019, where you get back to that above trend, maybe 4% or 5% national growth for same-store revenue? 
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. I think, I mean just to focus on the first part of your question where you think about construction lending environment is difficult. The fundamentals are increasingly difficult with respect to these individual development assets. So I think it's likely that we will see somewhat of a slowdown in terms of new development starts in 2017, which, to your point could translate to lower deliveries in 2018 and 2019. I think you are seeing some of the merchant builders however focus on projects that they can't start, which means they are rotating out of the urban infill areas that drove much of that sort of this current wave of new supply into the suburbs, so that the absolute numbers of units may stay relatively similar. Although, I think there's also a decent possibility that delivers late 2019 slowed somewhat. Jerry, do you want to think about what that could mean from a supply demand standpoint?
Jerry Davis: I think as long as job growth continues and you think about what Toomey said a minute ago about homeownership rates. Yes, I think you see a pullback in on supply in our markets. Yes, I could see, getting up to that level, you see the top end of the range we've given for 2018, peers into that range you are talking about, so I can see that potentially happening, but it's really most dependent on jobs.
Wes Golladay: Okay and then, are you seeing more alternative transactions like the Wolfe transaction you did a few years ago to help these developers out?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry again. There clearly is a market for that type of financing structure given that sort of with the reduced loan to cost available through the third-party construction lenders you have a natural gas in the capital stacks. So those types of investments are clearly available and clearly is a market for them and we're continuing to look at them as they materialize.
Wes Golladay: Okay, thanks a lot. End of Q&A
Operator: It appears we have no further questions. I’ll turn the program to President and CEO, Tom Toomey. Please go ahead.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, all of you and for the extended session, I thought it was very helpful and I hope you found the same. In summary, we feel great about the business, the plan and the right team and now it's just a matter of continuing to execute on a day-to-day basis and build on the success that we have. With that, I'll close and say, we look forward to seeing many of you on the road as we get out there and continue to communicate what the attributes of UDR and our success around execution.
Operator: This will conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Van Ens – Vice President Tom Toomey – President and Chief Executive Officer Shawn Johnston - Interim Principal Financial Officer Jerry Davis – Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Harry Alcock – Senior Vice President and Asset Management
Analysts: Nick Joseph – Citigroup Austin Wurschmidt – KeyBanc Sanabria – Bank of America Drew Babin – Robert W. Baird & Company John Kim – BMO Capital Markets Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill Rich Anderson – Mizuho Securities Wes Golladay – RBC Capital Markets Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo John Pawlowski – Green Street Advisors Rich Hill – Morgan Stanley Nick Yulico – UBS
Operator: Good day and welcome to UDR’s Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. As a reminder today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Chris Van Ens, Vice President. Please go ahead, sir.
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to UDR’s third quarter 2016 financial results conference call. Our third quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I’d like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in yesterday’s press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectable of everyone’s time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that do not get answered. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to UDR’s third quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer; and Shawn Johnston, Interim Principal Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. UDR reported another strong quarter of results, highlighted by solid same-store and cash flow growth. Strong leasing velocities and rental rates at our development communities, several strategic transactions and continued improvement of our balance sheet. Jerry and Shawn will provide additional details in their prepared remarks. As we near the end of 2016, I’d like to take a couple of minutes to discuss our strategic plan and how we’ve executed on it. As you know, consistently generating 6% to 10% cash flow per share growth has been the cornerstone of our plan since it was first published in 2013. In 2016, we expect to again achieve that goal with full year AFFO per share growth of approximately 8% at the midpoint of our guidance. Next a deeper look into how the primary drivers of our cash flow growth have performed. First, operations, we expect that our full year 2016 same-store growth metrics will compare well on an absolute and relative basis. In spite of the headwinds that New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles generated this year. We have successfully weathered this storm and continue to do so, partly because of our diversified portfolio. But much of our success stems from our operating platform. Starting with the team’s ability to quickly adjust operating tactics, to maximize revenue growth and a shifting market, as well as a consistent implementation of innovative technologies. I’m grateful for our team’s hard work. Next capital allocations, we delivered a $163 million of accretive development in 2016 and believe that our $937 million under construction pipeline will be no different. Our development pipeline provides our shareholders with the strong risk adjusted return on their capital and allows us to consistently refresh our portfolio via our self funding model. Fully funding our development growth in a non-dilutive manner through retained cash flow and capital recycle from asset sales is a funny mechanism that we can employ year in and year out. Moving forward, we remained comfortable with this strategy. Last, our balance sheet continues to improve, our leverage metrics at the end of the third quarter were better than those originally envisioned for the year ended 2016. As we look into 2017 and without providing guidance, we remained confident in our ability to execute on our strategic plan. Currently, we are in the midst of building the 2017, 2018 plan from the ground up. We see no need to change our strategies as they continue to work well as we move through this part of the business cycle. We will share the updated details of the plan with you on the fourth quarter call. In summary, while 2016 has presented challenges, we have successfully worked through them and we’ll achieve the guidance provided at the beginning of the year as part of our strategic plan. Given the outlook for sound intermediate and long-term multifamily fundamentals, we remain confident that adhering to our strategic plans core principles, will continue to help us drive strong cash flow growth for many years to come. With that, I will turn the call over to Jerry for additional comments on the quarter.
Jerry Davis: Thanks Tom and good afternoon everyone. We’re pleased to announce another quarter of strong operating results. During the third quarter, year-over-year same-store revenue and NOI growth were 5.3% and 6.4%, respectively. On a year-to-date basis, same-store revenue and NOI growth totaled 5.9% and 6.9% respectively. During third quarter, operating trends further normalized as compared to 2015 when the majority of markets were accelerating. Localized demand/supply dynamics today are creating strengthen some markets and weakness in others. Making up 45% of our NOI, strength was evident in Seattle, Orange County, the Monterey Peninsula, Boston and our Sunbelt markets. On New York City, the Bay Area and Los Angeles, which comprise 28% of our NOI remain changed due to the concentrated new supply and concessions. Overall, our highly diversified portfolio is defined by market mix, price point and location with end markets continue to perform well during the quarter and we expect will generate growth that compares favorably versus the multifamily group average over the foreseeable future. Turning to operating tactics, as you know, driving rate growth was our primary focus over the past two to three years. This approach was successful largely as a result of the robust, multifamily fundamentals present throughout the majority of our markets and evidenced by our cumulative same-store revenue growth of 16% between 2013 and 2015. As 2016 has progressed, diminished pricing power due to concentrated new supply caused us to reevaluate this tactic. Towards the end of the second quarter, we made a change pivoting in our operating tactics to favor higher occupancy, overrate growth and markets that were more challenged new supply. Higher occupancy in select markets prior to the seasonally slower fourth and first quarters, when few of our leases expire is a more prudent approach to maximizing revenue and cash flow growth in the current environment. This strategic shift for fruit with third quarter occupancy averaging 96.8%, a 20 basis points sequential increases. We will operate the portfolio in the high 96% range through at least the end of this year. With regard to the prime leasing season, 2016 results were clearly not as robust as those realized in 2015, but still compared favorably versus historical standards. But in the third quarter, portfolio wide new lease and renewal growth totaled 2.7% and 5.6%. We continue to see minimal pressure from single-family competition with move-outs to home purchase totaling 13% during the third quarter. A lack of affordability is also not meaningfully affecting us as portfolio-wide move-outs due to rent increases remains relatively constrained at 7%. Net bad debt remains at 0.1% of rents at levels consistent with that of third quarter 2015. Next, forward expectations, we’re now providing 2017 guidance, we are projecting our revenue earning of about 2% going into 2017, versus the 2.75% earning that was baked into the beginning of 2016. Directionally, we continue to expect deceleration in 2017 same-store growth metrics as elevated new supply is further absorbed in some of our higher rent markets. With that being said, next year is still expected to look good, when compared against our long-term 15-year revenue growth average of about 3%. We will provide detailed 2017 guidance and an update to our two year strategic plan in our fourth quarter call. Now moving onto the quarterly performance on our largest markets, which represent 72% of our total NOI. Metro DC, which contributes 19% of our total NOI continues to incrementally improve. Job growth is gaining steam versus a couple of years ago, though new supply remains persistent in some infill locations. We expect our highly diversified DC portfolio to see continuing improvement throughout 2017. Orange County and Los Angeles contribute 16.5% of our total NOI. Orange County has been one of our strongest markets in 2016, primarily because our portfolio was concentrated west of the 405 Freeway, and is benefited from good job growth set against limited new supply. Conversely, Los Angeles has struggled this year due to significant new supply and excessive concessions, hitting in our highly concentrated Marina del Rey portfolio. This pressure is now subsiding and we expect pricing power in LA to improve in 2017, and for Orange County to remain stable. New York City makes up 12% of our total NOI, they continues to struggled due to the concentrated new supply in mid-town in west, as well as Brooklyn, and excessive concessions. Given a lot of building permits issued prior to 421a is expiring we expect that driving meaningful growth in Manhattan will be problematic through at least 2018. Like New York City, San Francisco, which contributes about 12% of our total NOI, continues to be negatively affected by supply, especially south of Market Street. Expected 2016 job growth of 2.9%, still looks good versus long-term averages, but it’s decelerated from 2015, 4.5% growth rate. Our data providers indicate that supply pressures should subside in the cities, we moving to the second half of 2017, at which time, pricing power should improve. Boston, which contributes 7% of our total NOI, has held up well largely due to our suburban B exposure. On a relative basis, our Downtown and Back Bay Communities have also outperformed due primarily to the differentiated characteristics. Boston continues to look like a good market for us going forward. Seattle contributes 6% of total NOI, remains UDR’s strongest core market on the West Coast. VMSA’s [ph] relatively higher affordability, strong growth and well-paying jobs and urban renewal continue to attract educated tech-savvy residents. We expect to Seattle will continue to put up good numbers moving forward, although we are keeping our eye on near-term Bellevue supply as that submarket further transforms. Our secondary market, such as Portland, Monterey Peninsula, Florida, Nashville and Austin, comprised roughly 25% of our portfolio. Pricing power remains strong in the majority of these markets and continues to help offset, the relative weakness in some of our higher rent coastal locals. Move-outs to home purchase remained constrained and our expectation to these markets have a long runway for growth due to continued favorable multifamily fundamentals. Last, our development lease-ups continue to perform well, achieving rates above original expectations and with leasing velocities ahead of original forecast. Thus far in October, lease trends have remained firm and our development pipeline remained highly accretive than average value creation spread an excess of the top end of our targeted 150 basis point to 250 basis point range. Community specific quarter end lease up statistics are available on attachment 9 or page 21 our supplement. Summing that up, we had another good quarter proactively pivoted our strategy to maximize revenue growth remain positive on the outlook for multifamily fundamentals and our ability to execute throughout the remainder of 2016 and into 2017. With that, I’ll turn it over to Shawn.
Shawn Johnston: Thanks, Jerry. The topics I will cover today include our third quarter results, a transactions update, our capital markets and balance sheet update and our fourth quarter and full-year guidance. Our third quarter earnings results were at the mid to high-end of our previously provided guidance. FFO, FFO as adjusted, and AFFO per share were $0.46, $0.45 and $0.41, driven by solid same-store revenue, expense, and NOI growth of 5.3%, 2.5% and 6.4%, respectively. Next transactions, we’re under contracted sell seven communities in Baltimore and one community in Dallas for $285 million. We expect to close these transactions in the fourth quarter at a cash flow cap rate of approximately 6% and a weighted average IRR of 13%. We also completed a series of strategic transactions with MetLife that further simplified our joint venture. First we completed a swap of our land interest and pre-development sites, where we acquired MetLife’s 95% interest in a land site located in Dublin, California, in exchange for our 5% weighted average ownership interest in two land sites located in Bellevue, Washington and Los Angeles, California. The Dublin site is within walking distance of the Bay Area, BART line and provides the opportunity to develop a differentiated product in that sub-market. Next UDR MetLife joint venture sold a 100% of the surge, a high-rise community located in Dallas to an unrelated third party for approximately $75 million at a cash flow cap rate in the mid fours and an IRR of 10%. Subsequent to quarter end, we also acquired MetLife’s 50% ownership interest in Ashton Bellevue and Ten20. Few adjacent high-rise communities located in Bellevue, Washington were $68 million plus assumption of $38 million of debt at a cash flow cap rate in the mid fours. We know both of these assets well, it complement our other assets in the Bellevue sub market and we like the long-term prospects as more established tech companies continue to create a presence on the Eastside of Metro Seattle. After accounting for joint venture refinancings, these MetLife transitions were net cash positive to the company by approximately $14 million and reduce the size of the UDR/MetLife Joint Venture by approximately 10% or $355 million. Next, capital markets. During the third quarter, we issued $300 million of 10-year unsecured notes priced at 2.95%. A $158 million of the proceeds were used to prepay 2017 debt maturities with an average interest rate of 5.61%. The majority of the remaining proceeds were used to pay down our revolver. With the prepayment of the 2017 debt, next year’s maturity is now totaled only $71 million. Development will likely represent our large use of capital in 2017. We will continue to sell fund our accretive development the pipeline, we have retained earnings and asset sales and we’ll provide a detailed update of our 2017 sources and uses on the fourth quarter call. As a result of the unsecured offering, our weighted average maturities increased by nearly half a year to 5.3 years and improved our near-term liquidity by approximately $140 million. At quarter end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity was $931 million. Our financial leverage on an un-depreciated cost basis was 33.5%. Based on quarter end market cap, it was 24.4% and inclusive of joint ventures, it was 29%. Our net debt to EBITDA was 5.3 times and inclusive of joint ventures it was 6.4 times. All balance sheet metrics continue to track ahead of our strategic outlook. I would now like to direct you to attachment 15 or page 28 of our supplement, where we have updated our full year guidance. We have tightened and increased our full year 2016 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance ranges to $1.77 to $1.80, $1.78 to $1.80 and $1.62 to $1.64 respectively by increasing the bottom end of the range by $0.01. For same-store, our full year 2016 guidance remains unchanged with revenue growth of 5.5% to 6%, expense growth of 3% to 3.5% and NOI growth of 6.5% to 7%. Average 2016 forecasted occupancy is unchanged at 96.6%. Fourth quarter 2016 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance is $0.44 to $0.46, $0.45 to $0.47 and $0.39 to $0.41 respectively. Next, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.295 in the third quarter or $1.18 per share when annualized. This is 6% above 2015s level and represents a yield of approximately 3.3% as of quarter end. Finally, a housekeeping item. We moved in consolidated our preferred equity investments and participating loan information and economics to a new attachment 12b. All information that was previously provided for these investments is still available on the new attachment. With that, I will open up the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Nick Joseph with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. I appreciate the color on the expected 2% earn in for 2017. I’m just curious what was underwritten into the two-year strategic plan that you gave in February for revenue growth next year of $475 million to $525 million?
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry. When we build up the years, we don’t always factor in a year or two out what we expect to have going in. If I have to think back to what it was, it was probably something in the 2.4%, 2.5% range. Typically you’re going to earn in something close to half of what you’re going to expect for the next year.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. And then, you outline the different MetLife transactions to simplify that structure going forward. Would you think about the MetLife JV more strategically? What should our expectations be for that partnership going forward?
Tom Toomey: Nick, this is Toomey. We’re always in a dialogue with Metabout opportunities, our view, I mean the portfolio performance, where we think markets are going. So, overall, I’d say the good relationship, great relationship. And we’ll continue in the future. We like the returns that we’re getting. We like the opportunities that it presents us and Met makes a great partner.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. And just finally, the same-store pool changed with the sale from the Baltimore portfolio and the redevelopment in Dallas. What’s the impact from that change of same-store pool on same-store revenue for 2016?
Jerry Davis: Yes, Nick. It’s Jerry. For the Baltimore pool it somewhere between 10 basis points and 15 basis points. I would tell you that when we set guidance at the beginning of the year, we anticipated there would be the Baltimore assets that we’re sold – it really had no effect on our guidance range. And then the asset in Dallas that we pulled out to do a redev, that’s a 17-year old deal that we started the redevelopment late in the third quarter and it should last through good portion of next year. That was probably more or like 3 basis points.
Nick Joseph: Thanks.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hey, good morning. It’s Austin Wurschmidt here with Jordan. Just curious if you could you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing in LA, Jerry talked previously about some new lease ups imply this that we’re causing some issue that you expected to subside sometime around the fourth quarter. And it look like new lease rates snapback in LA since the mid-quarter update. Can you just give a little color on the Marina del Rey portfolio?
Jerry Davis: Yes. And you’re right. That is 90% of our same-store pool is in Marina del Rey and it competes with Playa Vista. During the first – call it seven to nine months of this year, we were competing against that new supply that was offering up to two months free rent. Luckily, the properties in that submarket that we were battling with have come very close to heading stabilized occupancies pushing 90%. We’ve seen concession levels late in the third quarter start to come back down to one-month free. And what’s really encouraging is like you said we had new lease rate growth in the third quarter 0.1% and when I look at where we are at in Los Angeles so far in the month of October, it’s over 3%. So we are starting to emerge of our problem area in Los Angeles.
Austin Wurschmidt: And then looking into supply and sort of your submarkets next year, what’s the expectation, any other potential supply headwinds that you see?
Jerry Davis: You know probably the place you see new supply we don’t have any same-store assets we have the MetLife asset in Downtown, Los Angeles. You’re going to see a continuation of new supply being delivered as well as leased-up. So I think that’s going to be difficult. I think you’re going to see a continuation of some supply pressures in SoMa, at least through the first quarter, maybe second quarter of 2017. Downtown, Seattle continues to battle new supply, we do not have any same-store assets there, but we do have two different JV properties there. And the other one that I have been keeping my eye on, but we really haven’t seen a in downturn in fundamentals has been Bellevue, Washington. We’re very high on Bellevue, even though, there’s probably five or six properties delivering there. Bellevue, as you know, we just purchased the other 50% of two assets from MetLife there. And you’ve got jobs that are coming in there. Amazon is creating a mini campus if you will over on the eastside of Lake Washington, where they just sign the lease for a 350,000 square foot office space that – our rumor has it Apple was looking at the same building and it’s continuing to look in Bellevue. So, Bellevue, I think, is going to have job growth that should absorb the new supply, but we are watching the new supply there. And other than that, obviously, when you get up to New York City, where we’ve been battling not direct competition in a submarket, but throughout Manhattan, we’re going to continue to face supply headwinds throughout our Manhattan portfolio all through next year probably well into 2018.
Austin Wurschmidt: Thanks for the detail. I know that the southeast and southwest are a little smaller piece of the portfolio, but seem to have held up fairly well here, even into the third quarter. What sort of your outlook on the supply side for those markets?
Jerry Davis: Yes. We see – again, we used predominantly Axiometrics for this. But we see Tampa delivering supplies in 2016 of about 4,500 units, next year, it’s going to be about 4,000; Orlando, it’s going to be about 5,500 to 6,000 each of the two years. Nashville, where most of the new supplies hit the Downtown, urban core is going to slow from 9,000 units to 6,000 units next year. And then Orange County is probably going to see a tick up as some deliveries have slipped from 2016 into 2017, it’s going to go from about 4,000 units to about 6,500 units.
,:
Austin Wurschmidt: Okay. Thank you.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Juan Sanabria with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Juan Sanabria: Hi, good afternoon. I was just hoping, you could speak a little bit about to difference in performance of your A and B and maybe if you could talk specifically about…
Jerry Davis: Juan, you still there?
Juan Sanabria: Yes.
Jerry Davis: You cut out on us, second half of that question.
Juan Sanabria: Sorry, if you could just talk a little bit about the performance between the A and the B assets in your portfolio maybe this is occurred in New York and San Francisco?
Jerry Davis: Sure. I guess, on a national basis, I would say that, B’s continue to outperform, A’s probably by about 100 – 2,550 basis points. But it does definitely vary market by market, in New York. Most of our portfolio is B, especially in the same-store. But our B’s today, when you look at same-store as well as our MetLife property, our B’s are coming in at about 3.4% for the quarter, and our A’s are at about 4.3%. Our Chelsea property is also included in that 4.3%. So fairly type, you’re seeing confessions and pricing issues affect both A’s and B’s as people in B’s at times now can step up to A’s.
Juan Sanabria: San Francisco?
Jerry Davis: San Francisco, and again, ours is San Francisco and San Jose combined interestingly for the quarter, they were fairly even. And again it’s the same type of situation where B renters when you – I have an eight properties down the street that’s offering 1.5 months to two months free. Its price probably on an effective basis just above what you’re paying into B. So you can pay a little bit more into the step up and quality.
Juan Sanabria: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Juan Sanabria: And then if you can just speak a little bit to supply expectations across some of the Sun Belt market. Do you see kind of more supply heading to those, kind of suburban Sun Belt markets versus kind of the urban coastal markets? Or how do you see that trend playing out as we look forward sort of to 12 months to 18 months?
Jerry Davis: Yes. As we – again actually or recently revise there a supply data from what we were seeing in two to three months ago and now 2016, 2017 in total are roughly even as about 360,000 to 370,000 multifamily homes. And when you look at individual markets, there is not a whole lot of differentiation I gave the numbers on the prior question. But basically the Florida markets are roughly flat between 2016 and 2017. Nashville is going to come down about 3,000 homes. And then like I said earlier, you’re going to see a bit of a tick up in Orange County, you’re going to see Boston stay roughly flat, Dallas should stay roughly flat, Austin is going to see a reduction of about 4,000 homes from 2016. So you’re going to hopefully give a little bit of easing in that job growth continues to be strong in Austin, you should see a pick up.
Juan Sanabria: Thank you very much.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Drew Babin with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead.
Drew Babin: Thanks for taking my question. First question is on West Coast JV assets, it’s really closer to time window where you would have the option of purchasing those, I was curious as to pay the probability that you would do so and be aware NOI yields maybe on the option pricing relative to 6.5% preferred return requirement you have?
Harry Alcock: Drew, this is Harry Alcock. First, three of the assets are in lease up and they have all leased up very well. The first asset in Seattle was stabilized. The next two in Anaheim and second Seattle asset again leased up very well. Rates that are at or above our original expectation I think when we talked about this, we thought that the all in sort of return on costs in these assets would be somewhere in the neighborhood of 5%. We don’t have anything that changes our view on that and again as we look at the option windows that began opening up next year. We’ll make the determination as to which assets we want to buy and which assets we want to sell. But again the first one would be the two Seattle assets and the Anaheim asset. First half of the year will make that determination.
Drew Babin: And as you go forward into next year in 2018, in terms of acquisitions that makes sense for UDR, it’s kind of the main research priority going to be these JV assets versus going out and kind of looking at what’s become a pretty frothy market in terms of the asset pricing?
Harry Alcock: Yes. Well, I think as you think about how we’re going to deploy capital next year. Development is going to continue to be sort of our preferred means to deploy capital. Second between the West Coast JV assets and against Steele Creek, we have option window that opens next year, we’ll make a determination as to which of those assets we want to buy and which we want to sell. And I think you’re right in that regard.
Drew Babin: That’s helpful. And then one more question on Boston. Well it’s sold on strong year-to-date that was bit of deceleration in 3Q on some of the pricing given kind of the exposure, the suburban exposure there and most of the supplies being urban, is there anything going on there or is that just kind of a little pick up and what should be a pretty stable market going forward?
Jerry Davis: I think – it’s Jerry, it’s predominantly a hick up. We did – we saw a bit of a back up in occupancy throughout that portfolio and there are four assets in our same-store pool, two are up in the B assets in the north end, those continued to do well. Our Downtown Back Bay property probably had revenue growth in the 2.5% range. So it definitely is started to feel more of the competition from urban supply. And then we also have one of our same-store assets is down in the south and in range – it’s been competing against new supply, it’s being popping up in Quincy. So the north end continue and hold up well Downtown felt some supply pressures as did the south end, but I think they’ll continue to do pretty well.
Drew Babin: Great. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Kim with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
John Kim: Thank you. One of your competitors today recently increased expense guidance you’ve been able to maintain expense further to moderate level. But I was wondering if there are any components to expenses that you’re feeling outward pressure?
Harry Alcock: Yes. Real estate taxes for sure have been given us pressure for the – really the last year. So, you’ve got the Sun Belt assets had typically been seen real estate taxes go up high single-digit. That’s really a function of the NOI growth, which taken the valuations up. Similarly, Seattle has felt that kind of pressure, and then because of our 421 abatement burn-offs we’re going to feel it there to. We’re always watching personnel cost and there is a lot of demand for the quality people that we hire especially in high new supply areas. Fortunately for the quarter-end, year-to-date, we’ve kept that growth at 1.1%, and we did it really because we’ve realized quite a few efficiencies over the last year or two at our sites staffs that have allowed us this year to reduce staffing levels by 1.5% or so. And that’s through things like our inside sales group who assist in renewals and leasing. And secondly, we’ve deployed about a 70-package lockers out into the field that take the burden of packaged handling of our site people, so that they can spend more time on sales and service. And we’ve able to turn that in some headcount savings. But, I’d say the biggest expense pressure continues to be real estate taxes, as the valuations for real estate continue to go up.
John Kim: Okay. And at the same time, you’ve kept turnover relatively stable versus last year despite new supply really picking up. Can you just elaborate on what you’ve done strategically to address with the market where you’d be seeing lot of the supply pressure?
Jerry Davis: Yes. Well, we probably two things, one is earlier this year based on the success we’d had again with its inside sales team that helped us on new leases. We created a department of a few people that really assist our people on renewal. So they call everybody that has made a decision to renew or give notice yet, it’s our renewal offer has been out there for a while. And try to answer any questions to prompt them to renew more quickly. We ask them as a secondary source to go out to people, but have given notice to try to convince them to stay and sometimes this may result in slight negotiation on renewal rates. I think those are the biggest things, I think, we’ve obviously seen the renewal increase is come from last year they were north of 7%. Right now they are in the mid-5%. So there is not quite as much pressure. But, I think we’ve got a focus on service, and a focus on sales and I think doing things like again putting these package lockers. And we don’t look at it just the savings to our site times, we see this in the amenity that people can self serve 24/7, we’re always looking for opportunities to provide our residence with more, what they’re looking for.
John Kim: I may have missed this, but – what were the new renewal leases trending so far this month?
Harry Alcock: The month October new is at 1.1%, and renewals so far in October at 5.3%.
John Kim: Okay, great. Thank you.
Harry Alcock: Sure.
Operator: And our next question is from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb: Yes. Good morning out there. Jerry, just following along that, that John’s questions. It sounds like, you guys have been pretty proactive on the portfolio this year, as well as budgeting guidance that you’re able to maintain while peers have revised down. So, as you look at your guidance for next year, back in June when we met you guys expressed confidence that you would still be on track for your 2017, but earlier in this call, you guys said that you’ll address 2017 later. So just looking at your multi-year plan where do you guys are now it would see you’re still on track to hit 2017, is that fair. Or there are some things that are coming up that you think could cause you guys to deviate from that?
Jerry Davis: Yes, Alex, as I indicated in my prepared remarks so that provided 2017 guidance. We do expect same-store growth to continue to decelerate in 2017 on a year-over-year basis. And we’re currently projecting as I said earlier, earn in of about 2% compared to 2.75% that was based in the beginning of 2016. As a result, we see it unlikely that we would be able to achieve the lower end of the 4.75% to 5% in quarter 2017 same-store revenue growth range that we originally provided in our 2016, 2017 two-year plan that was published earlier this year. With that time, the operating environment and some of our higher rent coastal markets was much more accommodating, when we originally provided the range and that next year’s top line growth, is still expected to compare favorably against our long-term revenue growth of about 3%. That being said, we’re going to give more detailed 2017 guidance and our update to the two-year strategic plan on our fourth quarter call.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. But it is very stake because back in June, you guys expressed confidence to still meet. It is that your range this year was wide enough to accommodate or did the market further decelerate post June-May REIT that’s caused your revise, think that you won’t even that the bottom end would be lower?
Jerry Davis: I think there has continued to be slowing especially in New York and San Francisco throughout the summer months. That made it more clear to us that – again that 4.75% is probably not the card.
Alexander Goldfarb:
– :
Tom Toomey: Alex, this is Toomey. With respect to Met and you’ve seen it every year that we’ve been in this relationship for the last six, we’ve always had some degree of some trade going on during – throughout the life of this joint venture and I would probably see us continuing that same pattern in the future. We see no impact from what’s going on at Met at corporate to the real estate appetite, views of the world or their capital availability or deployment of capital. So, I think we’ll discontinued to have these dialogue that we doing with a great partner at future opportunities that help us advance UDR and help them advance their capital deployment. So, I don’t see any change to that. I think it was just one of those years where we decided to sell an asset, buy two shrink land inventory and like the side of the trade that we ended up on.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And did this take care of your 5% stakes that you had with Met? Did this take care of them all or there’s still more of those?
Tom Toomey: Yes.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay.
Tom Toomey: Okay, basically down to land inventory with them is through the end.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities.
Rich Anderson: Thanks, good morning. So, Jerry, it doesn’t sound like you’re kind of dangerously close to going negative in any market either in next year or the year after no looking for guidance, but clear residential did suggest that New York is probably going to go negative for them next year. Do you – just to get it on the record if we can, do you feel like anything is going that self in the next couple of years, or do you still think it will above the Mendoza line or whatever?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I don’t see that at this point. There is differences in our portfolio mix, especially in New York with some of our peers, again remember put it more of a B operator there, we don’t have anything in places like Brooklyn, we don’t have any specific – any properties that are directly in Midtown West. So while we are affected and it will tamper our ability to really pushed rate, I don’t see us going negative anywhere.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And then Tom, you mentioned the 6% to 10% cash flow per share growth kind of strategy, obviously that’s not really a trend number or at trend or kind of average number over the course of many, many years. What do you think – why you’re not going to give the outlook for 2017. But what do you think the – sort of the average number would be 6% to 10% is a premium growth rate. Do you think the number for bottom line AFFO growth is significantly below that or what’s your view using your history as a guide?
Tom Toomey: Well, it’s a long history, Rich, and timeless this question. For the last three years make it 4%. We had three years at 10%, we had this year looks like an 8% and as we’re looking now towards the future. I think in a stable supply demand demographic that we’re in a phase, its probably in the 6% to 8% kind of range, lot of it would take to get below that fix, I think is a recession and the depth and in the nature of that. I’m not calling for one, but I think that has been the my historical pattern is when the country goes into recession, its where is our exposure to it, how deepened of our portfolio do we have in those particular areas or industry exposure. Hard to forecast that element of it, but what we’ve trying to do is build the company that can stay in that 6% to 10% through most cycles and I think we’ve done that. And I think we’re going to continue to in the future and when you look at the next strategic plan, you’re going to see a lot of the same strategies that we’ve been executing on in last four years. Very focused on capital deployment, operations and continued balance sheet improvement.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And I hope Chris I think a man because he is way bigger. I want one more question. The self funding strategy hinges a lot of on dispositions, decelerating fundamental. Do you see any risk that people buying public of multifamily real estate might make it more difficult for that self funding strategy to stay intact over the next couple of years?
A – Harry Alcock: Rich, this is Harry. I think the short answer is no. What I can tell you is that there are continues to be plenty of liquidity in the market that there are still keep that available, there’s plenty of buyers, although buyer pools are somewhat shallower. But you could see is that buyers continue to underwrite lower growth rates that cap rates could increase a bit. Remember you still have solid fundamentals in most of the markets, so that even if cap rates increase a little bit and NOI should continue to increase. So there’s no obvious impact to absolute value. But, there’s the big point as that is a liquid market, if you look at 2016, transaction volume, it’s still going to be very robust, it’ll be slightly lower than 2015 kind of record levels. But should be similar to 2013 and 2014 and there’s no evidence that, that’s going to abate anytime soon.
Rich Anderson: Great. Thanks.
Jerry Davis: Rich, I’d follow on little bit. Even in the debts of 2009 and 2010, transactions were getting done. We may not like the price, but there is still liquidity and Fannie and Freddie were still doing business. So, I think, there’s going to be always a supply of capital. I think we’ve got a diversified portfolio that we can always look at and say there is a liquidity opportunity there. And so I don’t see much risk from us at the sales level that we’re anticipating being able to execute.
Rich Anderson: Okay, fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Wes Golladay: Hi, guys. You mentioned the risk of concentrated supply and you also highlighted Bellevue has having a bit of a supply increase. Do you think that job growth is sufficient to absorb the supply and with the developers be more rational? We saw in LA where demand was pretty solid yet the pressure on the existing properties existed somewhat in – how you see those two markets being different?
Tom Toomey: Yes. I guess, there’s – we don’t see a rational concession levels in Bellevue at this point that they’ve actually been offering a month free on leases, if not something less. Our portfolio in Bellevue has been able to maintain to date as the supply has been delivering north of 6% revenue growth and you getting very good renewals as well as new lease rate growth. Yes, I think the job growth when you look at Amazon coming in next year, you look at Apple that’s looking to come, you consider that Bellevue has pretty close to Redmond, so it doesn’t just have to job growth in Bellevue, it’s the part of the those places on the east side that benefit. I think Bellevue is a bit different. And I do think job growth will continue and that core of Bellevue will eventually run out of developable space. The other thing to keep in mind and this is a little more long-term but in about five years or six years, the light rail is going to reach across like Washington and really connect both Bellevue as well as Redmond to the west side of town and I think it will enhance the east side even more.
Wes Golladay: Okay. And then going back to LA, obviously you have too large development out there, weighing on your results and normally pressuring you guys this year. Do you see any other large developments that might cause a hick up in another market next year?
Jerry Davis: There is a couple of developers that come in with very aggressive pricing, they can affect us and the places that we’ve seen has happen this year has been the platinum triangle of Orange County. I could see it potentially happening in [indiscernible] and we’ve also felt to that, I can’t say but I don’t foresee it at this point anywhere else.
Wes Golladay: Okay. Thank you.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next is Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Good morning guys. Just I’m curious on your take on this is handful of jurisdictions in Northern California looking at rent control, selection season and I think a few more than a half dozen year properties following to those areas and maybe just a portion of that is would be subject of laws of they’re contemplated. What’s your take on that legislation maybe the odds of its passage and I guess how do you think that effects valuation of it came delay?
Jerry Davis: I’ll talk about our assets there here you can talk valuations afterwards but, yes when you look at it there is five cities in Northern California that are bringing forth somewhat control issues to the balance. There is two markets where we’re located that are bring it is, San Mateo on Mountain View. We really only have three properties that cost to about 2.5% of UDR’s NOI that are going to be affected by it. It’s only for pre-1995 build assets but would still be the right control with the range from 1% to 5% on increases. I’d say another California property association is been finding that pretty strongly and thinks the probability of passages probably limited that we’ll have to wait and see, but right now I can tell you over the next or so. I don’t think those are up to 5% on increases would make much of difference. It’s not the way it was two or three years or a year to three years ago – very high rent increases but again it’s relatively low exposure 2.5% of UDR and Harry, talk more about what you think would be the valuations?
Harry Alcock: Sure. where we sort of really dealt with this type of issue within New York City where you have brand stabilization. Say I guess I answered the couple of different ways. One the short-term that will have probably a slight negative impact on value where the absolute rent growth in the near-term will be slightly lower because you do have these fixed cap on increases. However the way you look at it over the long-term is really a timing issue that typically you have vacancy control, so over time you captured those sort of embedded shortfalls as you’re tendency turns over In the long-term if you get say, five-years into a rent control program, these assets actually traded lower cap rates, because of the embedded upside that exist on the rent roll so that you have a certain number of units that are well below sort of market rent, you’ve assuming that over time, just really on an actuarial basis you’re going to get 5% or 10% or 15% of those assets – or those units that turn over and are able to capture that upside.
Jeffrey Donnelly: And if you so – I guess some – before this legislation came to light, did you ever proceed with the discernible difference between how lenders and investors underwrote 395 product in California or is really no difference?
Harry Alcock: No. I don’t think there has been a difference. I don’t think there is a difference today. But again I think what I just described is sort of how that will manifest itself with any of this legislation is passed.
Jeffrey Donnelly: Okay. That’s helpful. I Appreciate it.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
John Pawlowski: Thank you. Tom. Can you provide color on how the board’s CFO search process is going and an estimate on when we can expect an announcement?
Tom Toomey: Sure, John. We’ll probably have this wrapped up and be able to make an announcement around nearly.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Thanks. Jerry, you have about nine assets hitting same-store pool next year, and your preliminary 2017 revenue growth guidance, what kind of benefit was new same-store pool addition contemplated in the revenue growth guidance?
Jerry Davis: Hey, we’re still doing the 2017 budgets and honestly I didn’t come right out and I have factored in even on preliminary basis what the boost is. Five and the six assets I will tell you it will be part of home portfolio from last year. So whatever you’re expecting Washington D.C. to be. I’d say those should be fairly comparable for us. You also have one other new development in Washington D.C. del Rey Tower that rolls in when you have our Seaport property in Boston that will be rolling in. And then you have one redevelopment that was in San Francisco. So, you factor in that a six of the seven or the six of the eight or so in Washington D.C., one is in San Francisco, and one is in kind of the per size core of Boston, and I would necessarily expect them to have a significant positive impact to our same-stores.
John Pawlowski: Okay. Thank you.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: And our next question is from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rich Hill: Hey, guys. Thanks for all the transparency thus far, just to trying to first about your development pipeline and many more strategic question thinking word. What sort of markets if you have to sort of project right now or do you think are strongest and maybe which are the weakest. And so, how are you thinking about your development pipeline and how might that be pivoting in the future?
Harry Alcock: So Rich, this is Harry. As we talked about before we’ve really developed in seven or eight different markets. So Southern California, Northern California, Seattle and the in the major East Coast markets plus Dallas and potentially Denver as we did in the Steele Creek. So those – we’re going to continue to focus our development activity in those markets, if you can imagine some of that question is really opportunity base that we’re going to look at the opportunities in those markets it has the best location and using the sort of revenue growth that one would expect in those markets we will underwrite that type of growth and where we find opportunities that that sort of meet our return thresholds those, those are locate, those are projects that that we’ll actually move forward and deliver. We’re going to continue to maintain at least that our business plan is to maintain our $900 million to $1.4 billion type development pipeline. So you don’t see increase above that level. And again, we’ll continue to use a disciplined underwriting approach.
Rich Hill: Got it. So, new market that you’re developing in right now that, that you may see it less opportunity in the future than you do right now, it’ll – go ahead, I’m sorry.
Harry Alcock: I think certain markets, at certain times we are going to have less opportunity and I think you could use San Francisco is an example that anywhere, where you do have some pressure on the rental rate growth, you still have land prices that are very high. And so you probably has a kind of a set of circumstances in the City of San Francisco where it’s probably hard, but in near-term for any projects to make sense, but again, these markets change over time and the fundamentals of those markets will change and will continue to underwrite those opportunities accordingly.
Rich Hill: Great. Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nick Yulico with UBS. Please go ahead.
Nick Yulico: Well. Thanks. Just sort of question on your – this is for the Attachment 5, give your return on invested capital metric and as help me understand what you guys are trying to show there if I look historically, kind of goes up year-over-year. And then if I go back to like prior supplemental, the absolute numbers really not that much different from, where you guys are reporting a return on invested capital today. So what exactly you guys showing measure there?
Harry Alcock: Nick, we’re looking at 5 and it’s an operating margin page.
Nick Yulico: I’m sorry, I mean the Attachment 5.
Harry Alcock: Well, thank you, sir.
Nick Yulico: Yes.
Harry Alcock: Anybody got an idea on the question? Looks pretty constant. Nick, we’re all scratching our head and trying to figure out where you gone with the question.
Nick Yulico: Well, like if I look here already, it was up 7.6% versus 7.3% a year-ago, that’s like a 4% difference here at your same-store NOI was up over 6%. And if you go back historically, you’re kind of in somewhere in this ballpark 7% to 7.5% on this metric in your supplemental going back several years. So, I’m just trying to figure out what kind of exactly this metric is trying to show since it doesn’t seem like your return on invested capital for the same-store is really gone up that much over the last several years?
Harry Alcock: The new capital put in, it will be probably just operations in new capital.
Jerry Davis: But 7.6% or it’s a 7.3% call it a 4%, 4.5% growth rate which is relatively consistent with the NOI growth rate.
Nick Yulico: Approximately $12 billion of assets.
Jerry Davis: Yes.
Harry Alcock: Shareholder value $400 million, $500 million.
Nick Yulico: Yes I think we can follow-up on offline. Thanks.
Operator: And it does appear we have no further questions. I’ll return the program to President, John Toomey. Please go ahead.
Tom Toomey: Well, just to be clear it’s still Tom Toomey, I’m still President and CEO. Let me just close with thank you for your time today, and second we’re very focused on finishing up the strong year and certainly look forward to 2017 and 2018 and rolling out that strategic plan again in February of next year as we wrap it up. And we will see many of you at Mary, and we look forward to that exchange and time together in a couple week. So, with that take care and have a good day.
Operator: And this will conclude today’s program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelby Noble - IR Tom Toomey - President and CEO Shawn Johnston - Interim Principal Financial Officer and CAO Jerry Davis - SVP and COO Harry Alcock - SVP, Asset Management
Analysts: Nick Joseph - Citi Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Nick Yulico - UBS Rob Stevenson - Janney Rich Hill - Morgan Stanley. Richard Anderson - Mizuho Securities John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors Drew Babin - Robert W. Baird Company Juan Sanabria - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Dennis McGill - Zelman & Associates
Operator: Good day and welcome to UDR's 2Q 2016 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Shelby Noble. Please go ahead.
Shelby Noble: Welcome to UDR's second quarter 2016 financial results conference call. Our second quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirement. I’d like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in yesterday's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectable of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that do not get answered. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Shelby, and good afternoon everyone, and welcome to UDR's second quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Shawn Johnston, Interim Principal Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. The second quarter of 2016 was another great quarter for UDR, with 8% AFFO growth, driven by strong revenue growth of 5.7% and continued leasing strength in the 400 million development and lease up. This is a direct reflection of the continued execution of our strategic plan. At the core of our strategic plan are four elements. First, a focus on cash flow growth for our shareholders through operational excellence, which Jerry will touch on later. Second, an accretive development pipeline that can be fully self-funded. Third, a diverse portfolio mix of 20 markets with A&B communities in urban and suburban locations. And lastly, a safe low levered balance sheet.  Combined, these four elements are designed to provide the greatest predictability of cash flow growth through a variety of economic cycles. This is reflected in our updated guidance range for the full year with a mid-point resulting in 8% AFFO growth per share, which Shawn will touch on in his remarks. Before I turn the call over to Shawn, I wanted to add a couple of comments on the recent departure of Tom Herzog, our former CFO. While Tom was an exceptional CFO, he left UDR with an impressive bench, and I feel confident in the skills of those in the finance and accounting team to be more than adequate to handle his absence. At this time Shawn Johnston, our Chief Accounting Officer is serving as our Interim Principle Financial Officer, while we evaluate both internal and external candidates. Shawn is an exceptional candidate for the role and we are glad to have him serving in an interim capacity now.  With that, I will turn the call over to Shawn Johnston for additional comments on the quarter.
Shawn Johnston : Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include our second quarter results, our balance sheet update and our third quarter and full year guidance update. Our second quarter earnings results were at the top end of our previously provided guidance. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.44, $0.45 and $0.41 respectively. Second quarter's same-store revenue, expense, and NOI growth were 5.7%, 5.5%, and 5.7% respectively. Second quarter expense growth was elevated due to a higher than expected property tax assessment on our 2014 development completion in San Francisco. Historically, San Francisco is value developments for tax purposes, by using a mix of cost to construct and income capitalization. While we budgeted for a mix that was weighted more towards the interim method than precedent would indicate, 100% of the valuation was eventually based on interim capitalization. This unexpected assessment resulted in a charge of $2.2 million during the quarter. $1.1 million of this was attributable to the period that the community was included in our same-store population, and was recognized as a digital same-store expense during the quarter. The remaining portion of the charge is for real estate taxes while the community was in lease up, which can be found in Attachment 5. Excluding this negative tax variance, quarterly same store expense growth for the portfolio and the San Francisco Bay area would have been 3.4% and 9.9% respectively versus the 5.5% and 33.1% realized. Next, the balance sheet. At quarter end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity was $876 million. Our financial leverage on an un-depreciated cost basis was 33.2%. Based on quarter and market gap, it was 23.6% and inclusive of JVs it was 28.1%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 5.3 times, and inclusive of JVs with 6.3 times. All balance sheet metric improvements were ahead of our strategic plan. I would like to point out a few changes to our supplemental package. First, you’ll note that we have provided additional GAAP metrics in both our release and supplement in response to the recent SEC interpretation regarding GAAP and non-GAAP metrics. I’d also like to direct you to Attachment 15 or Page 28 of our supplement, where we have updated our full year guidance. We are now providing both our previous and updated guidance for ease of comparison. With that, we have tightened our full year 2016 FFO per share guidance range to $1.76 to $1.80, and tightened and increased our FFO as adjusted an AFFO per share guidance ranges to $1.77 to $1.80 and $1.61 to $1.64 respectively. A few key items have impacted our original guidance. First, our same store portfolio is performing in line with original guidance, but our Metlife properties which are primarily urban A have underperformed our expectations. This underperformance has been offset by the outperformance of our development lease ups. Second, the S&P 500 inclusion trade resulted in some dilution. However, this issuance gave us the flexibility to change the timing of other planned 2016 capital events to offset the majority of the dilution and ultimately have resulted in an improved balance sheet. Lastly, we expect a reduction in our full year incentive compensation, which is partially offset by higher than expected healthcare cost, resulting in a net reduction to G&A expense of $2 million at the midpoint. A few other specifics from the page. We increased our sources guidance by $75 million at the midpoint to a range of $650 million to $750 million for the year. This is due to an increase in planned dispositions, which we now anticipate being approximately $400 million for the year. In addition to the $400 million of sales, we have issued a $174 million of common equity, with the remainder of the sources coming from secured debt refinancings. We do not anticipate any additional equity issuances through the remainder of the year. Our debt maturities increased by $60 million as we have accelerated the accretive prepayment on some existing secured debt to the earliest possible date without penalty. Additionally, we reduced our development, redevelopment and land acquisition guidance by $50 million at the midpoint due to timing of spend, and we increased our acquisition guidance by a $100 million in order to satisfy some Section 31 exchanges that we would like to complete this year. For same store, our full year 2016 guidance remains unchanged, with revenue growth of 5.5% to 6%; expense 3% to 3.5% and NOI growth of 6.5% to 7%. Average 2016 occupancy remains forecasted at 96.6%. Third quarter 2016 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance is $0.44 to $0.46, $0.44 to $0.46 and $0.39 to $0.41 respectively. Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.295 in the second quarter or a $1.18 per share when annualized; 6% above 2015’s level, which represents a yield of approximately 3.2%.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Shawn, and good afternoon. In my remarks I will cover the following topics. First, our second quarter portfolio metrics, leasing trends and the rental rate growth we realized this quarter, and early results for the third quarter. Second, how our primary markets performed during the quarter, and last, a brief update on our development lease-ups. We are pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the second quarter, same-store net operating income grew 5.7%. These results were driven by a 5.7% year-over-year increase in revenue against a 5.5% increase in expenses. Year-to-date, through June 30th we've achieved NOI growth of 6.8% behind revenue growth of 6% and expense growth of 4.1%.  Our same-store revenue per occupied home increased 6% year-over-year to $1,921 per month, while same-store occupancy of 96.6% was down 30 basis points versus the prior year period. Total portfolio revenue per occupied home was $2,027 per month, including pro-rata JVs. Although we are feeling the impact of new supply in a few of our core markets, namely San Francisco and New York, the positives we see continue to outweigh the negatives. Stable job growth, new household formations, better delay in home purchase, choosing to rent, as well as empty nester baby boomers moving to an urban setting with a live, work, play atmosphere. Our portfolio mix benefits from each of these scenarios.  Turning to new and renewal lease rate growth, which is detailed on attachment 8G of our supplement, we grew our new lease rates by 4.4% in the second quarter, 330 basis points below the second quarter of 2015. Renewal growth remained robust at 6.3% in the second quarter or 70 basis points behind last year. On a blended rate basis, we averaged 5.3% during the second quarter, a reduction of 210 basis points versus the same period last year. If you look at the 76% of the same-store portfolio not located in New York and San Francisco, our decline in blended rate growth was only 100 basis points. I'd like to point out the exceptional growth we achieved in 2015 was an anomaly. We are now back to a normal operating environment.  Typically, renewal rate growth outpaces new lease rate growth by at least a 100 basis points. Because we were able to drive our occupancy in late 2014 to the 96.5% to 97% level, we were able to push new lease rate growth in the peak leasing season in 2015, higher than that of renewal leases. 2016 is proving to be a more normalized year with renewal growth outpacing new lease rate growth. While we wish every year could be as strong as 2015, we are very happy with the strength seen in 2016 thus far; specially given that we are currently dealing with peak deliveries in the majority of our markets. Next, move-outs to home purchase were up a 150 basis points year-over-year, at 14.1%, and even with our strong renewal increases in the second quarter, less than 9% of our move-outs gave rent increase as the reason for leaving. Now moving on to the quarterly performance in our primary markets which represent 70% of our same-store NOI and 75% of our total NOI. Metro DC, which represents 19% of our total NOI and 14% of our same-store NOI posted year-over-year same-store revenue growth of 1.8%, a slight deceleration from first quarter, due primarily to very strong bad debt collections in the second quarter of 2015. We are forecasting the market to generate top-line growth in 2016 of between 2% and 3% as we will continue to benefit from our diverse 50/50 mix of A and B assets located both inside and outside the beltway. Our B product outperformed our As during the quarter by 170 basis points as sporadic supply issues continue to make for choppy results in some infield locations.  Orange County in Los Angeles combined represent 16% of our total NOI and about 17% of our same-store NOI. Orange County posted year-over-year revenue growth of 8.9% with both our As and Bs performing well above 8% and all sub markets remaining very strong as we face very limited supply. Revenue growth in Los Angeles was 5.2% during the quarter. Our same-store portfolio is primarily concentrated within the Marina del Ray submarket and is currently facing over 2000 units of new supply, which we expect will be fully absorbed by year-end. We continue to see good job growth and the supply picture improving in 2017 for our same-store LA portfolio. New York City, which represents 12% of our total NOI and 13% of same-store NOI posted 4.65 revenue growth for the quarter. While our same-store properties are not directly affected by any new developments, we are feeling the impact from new supply in the Manhattan market as new lease growth during the quarter was 1.9%. New Yorkers who typically have been loyal to their preferred neighborhoods are being enticed and by pricing infinites in places like Midtown West. For full year 2016, we expect New York to have revenue growth in the low 4% range, below our original estimates of approximately 5.5%. San Francisco, which represents about 11% of both our total and same-store NOI is continuing to feel the effects of new supply in several submarkets, including South of market. However, we still expect the bay area to be one of our best performing markets this year with revenue growth between 6% and 7%. Same-store revenue growth in the second quarter was 6.3%, due to the extremely strong blended rent growth we achieved in the third quarter of 2015. We currently see our portfolio being affected by lease-up pressures through the middle of 2017. Boston, which represents 7% of our total NOI, about 5% of same-store NOI produced a strong 6.1% revenue growth during the second quarter. The suburban assets in the North shore were our strongest performers, with growth over 7.5%. Even with new supply downtown, our one same-store assets in the back day posted revenue growth of 4% for the quarter. The Seaport district, home to our 2015 completion on 100 Pier 4 in the South end district, home to our under construction community, 345 Harrison continued to see more growth with additional office and retail tenants in the submarket. Seattle, which represents 6% of our total and same-store NOI posted strong revenue growth of 8.5% for the quarter. 16% of our portfolio is B product, which posted revenue growth of 12.3% where our A quality communities produce 6.6% growth. We continue to benefit from the strong growth inherent in these suburban B assets which are located in submarkets that are less exposed to new supply. Even with new supply pressure, our Bellevue assets posted revenue growth of 6.8% for the quarter where revenue growth in downtown Seattle was essentially flat. Last, Dallas, which represents just over 4% of our total and same-store NOI posted 5% year-over-year same-store growth in the second quarter. Our B properties had revenue growth of 500 basis points higher than our A's, as having new supply in uptown and along the toll ways and packing rent growth in those submarkets. While new supply remains elevated, we expect deliveries to decline after this year and are confident they will be absorbed by the strength in the diversified job market in Dallas. Our secondary market, such as Portland, Monterey Peninsula, Florida, Nashville and Austin which comprised roughly 20% of our portfolio continue to have strong pricing power due to limited amounts of new supply and robust job growth. Our expectation is that these markets have a long runway of growth due to favorable economic.  July results came in, in line with our plan. As we look ahead to the next two months we see stable pricing power and occupancy. Our 50-50 AB portfolio located throughout 20 markets has enabled out performance in our Sun Belt market, Orange County, Seattle, Boston, Portland and Monterey to offset markets that are being impacted by new supply, namely San Francisco, New York and Los Angeles.  I'll turn now to our four end lease up developments, which you can find on attachments. 9A and 9B or pages 21 and 22 of our supplement. Our pro-rata share of these four properties represents over $400 million or roughly 30% of our pipeline, inclusive of the west coast development joint venture. In total, these properties are performing ahead of plan. First, 399 Freemont our 447 home, $318 million 50-50 met by JV leased up in San Francisco, with 50% leased and 43% occupied at quarter end. Today we are 57% leased and 48% occupied with rents exceeding pro forma. We are currently operating six weeks' concession as we’ve begun to see increased competition from other lease ups in the submarket. Over the last month, we have taken over 30 leases.  The following three communities are all part of the west coast development joint venture. Katella brand I, our 399 home, $138 million lease up in Anaheim, California was 65% leased and 58% occupied at quarter end, and as of today it's 72% leased and 64% occupied. We are currently offering less than one month of concession at this community and leasing remains very strong with about 30 applications per month.  8th & Republican, our 211-home, $97 million lease-up in the South Lake Union submarket of Seattle was 47% leased and 37% occupied at quarter end and is currently 60% leased and 46% occupied, and we are averaging over one application per day. CityLine, our 244-home, $80 million lease-up in the Columbia City submarket of Seattle was 87% leased and 84% occupied at quarter end. Today, the property is 89% leased, and 86% physically occupied. All in, we had a very strong second quarter, and we remain very positive on the outlook for multi-family fundamentals, and our ability to execute throughout the remainder of 2016. With that, we will open the call to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi. Please go ahead.
Nick Joseph : Thanks. Just sticking with operations, you outlined A versus B performance cost in many markets and the 50/50 diversified portfolio, I think you have a unique perspective on this. So when you expect that spread between As and Bs to contract and when could As actually outperform Bs, just given the current supply picture?
Tom Toomey: Good question and, I’d tell you it varies market by market, but I think overall, and we stated this probably for the last two to three quarters, we would see As getting closer to Bs probably mid-year, next year, maybe a little bit after that. And then as you get deeper into ’18 I think As probably start competing more head-to-head with Bs. But it’s definitely market dependent. For example, I would think in Washington DC, we’ve seen that spread contract and expand multiple times. Last quarter it was about 50 basis points where Bs were outperforming. This quarter we expanded to 1.7, but we do see a slowdown of new supply effecting our product and DC over the next year and half. So I do think As, because there are typically better locations by the second half of next year should start doing much better there. When you look at a place like New York, it’s probably a little more prolonged, call it maybe even 2019 or further where we see Bs continuing to outperform. And in San Francisco I think its similar. You’re going to see supply continue to offset the market in so many places like that at least through the middle of next year. And I think that will cause As to continue to have to go head-to-head against new supply well into ’18. So I think San Francisco, New York, Dallas, Austin is probably pushed out a bit, but several of the other markets that saw new supply come a little bit earlier, it’s shorter but, on average I'm guessing, it gets closer in late ’17 and probably pulls even in ’18.
Nick Joseph : Thanks. And then as per the two-year outlook, you put out 2017 operating assumptions. You’ve maintained 2016 same-store revenue growth. I was wondering if there is any update to the 2017 estimate of 4.75 or 5.25?
Tom Toomey: Yes, I can tell you we -- clearly we saw a deceleration coming in 2017. And as you said, we’ve put that in our 2-year outlook. And the range was the 4.75 to 5.25, which implied about a 75 basis points decline from 2016. And we’re continuing to project a slowdown in ’17 based on a lower blended rate growth in ’16 compared to ’15. But at this point it’s probably a little early to give guidance on where we think ’17 is going to come in. We still don’t have great visibility on pricing for September and the fourth quarter of this year, and we really haven’t fine-tuned our expectations yet for 2017. So a little bit early, but it's probably leaning towards the lower end of that range.
Nick Joseph : Thanks. And just quickly, on that range, does that contemplate the assets that are not in the same-store pool that you laid out on attachment 7B, that will roll into the same-store pool in 2017.
Tom Toomey: Yes.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hi it’s Austin Wurschmidt here with Jordan. Just revisiting Nick’s earlier question on Bs outperforming As in most of your markets. I was just curious what the price differential is between your As and Bs in some of the similar submarkets?
Tom Toomey: It depends A and B. The difference between A and a B in Dallas is probably $250 to $300. When you get to the New York, it's probably north of $1000 differential. San Francisco, it's going to be $800 to $1,000. So it can vary, but you are typically looking at it getting close to a $1,000 in some of the high rise and urban markets on the coast. And when you get into the Sun Belt it can be tracked down to just a $200.
Austin Wurschmidt: So it's fair to say around 20% to 25% in some of your larger markets?
Tom Toomey: Yes, that sounds right.
Austin Wurschmidt: Okay, and then just thinking about guidance, what are you assuming in terms of blended lease rate growth in the second half of the year?
Tom Toomey: Second half of the year, the blend, we're looking at it being low for us. Probably you are going to see in the second half -- I can you this. Renewals for July are coming in on effective basis at about 5.9%. And as you look out to next month or two, it's probably going to stay in that 5.7% to 5.8% range but then in the fourth quarter it will come down probably mid-5%. And then we're seeing new lease rate growth in July is currently at about 3.2% and our expectation would be it will just come down a hair over the last three months. We really -- we saw pricing last year in the fourth quarter come down a bit. So we're not anniversaring off such high prices. But yes second half is probably going to be low for us compared to the 5.3% that we have in the first half. 
Operator: And next we have Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Just a few quick questions. Jerry, on the operations, on the first quarter call you guys were -- earlier here, you guys were asking about the high guidance and actually Herzog explained how the high same-store NOI guidance, what the leakage was, that it wasn’t necessarily translating to FFO growth, but now this quarter where we see some of your peers dialing back their expectations for the year, what are some of the things that because you guys to be able to maintain such a high guidance range? Is it that the amount of Bs that you have or is just a fact that in your portfolio mix you said markets like Dallas and Norfolk, southern markets that aren’t represented in some of the other in some of your other bi-coastal peers.
Tom Toomey: Yes. I’ll start. First I’d remind you, we got out of Norfolk in the fourth quarter of the last year. So it's gone. Yes, I think a big part of it that you have to consider is we really drove weight very strongly in the second half as paid benefits this year. And when you look at the -- we anticipated there would be a deceleration in rate growth with this year and that has happened. And while I'll say directionally and in total, that reduction was pretty close, we missed on a market-by-market basis. For example, 29% of our portfolio, which is made up of New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles, we’re missing our numbers. We came into the year thinking San Francisco would be an 8. Now we think it's probably going to end up at 6.5. We thought New York was going to high 5s. Now we think it's going to be low 4s. And Los Angeles, we came in think it was going to be call it a 7, and now we think it's going to be mid 5s. What we have that a lot of people don't is the diversified portfolio. 20 markets, we got the 50/50 split between A, Bs and Urbans. And what's really helping us is that 42% of our portfolio is performing better than we had expected coming into the year. So it's offsetting those three markets that are doing worse. And those are markets like Seattle which I think all of us are doing well in right now. Our Orange County portfolio with 8.9% revenue growth in the second quarter is doing exceptionally well. We're doing very well in Boston, where we have predominantly a suburban portfolio in our same-store pool. We held up at about a 6 -- a little north of the 6 revenue there. Two markets in Florida, both Orlando and Tampa are doing better than we expected. Nashville is on fire right now, and again we're very suburban B there. So we're not being impacted at all by the new supply. And then we have our Monterey and Portland portfolios that are doing well. So the beauty of our portfolio with that diversification is we're not dependent on a couple of the markets doing well or not doing well. We realize this diversified approach that's going to continue to help us in the future, because all markets are going to go through the natural cycle. So we’ll always have some that are doing better, some that are doing worse. So, I think it's really more of a portfolio diversification that's really helping us.
Alexander Goldfarb: And historically, like Toomey is talking about, hardest market, the market that you had used to source capital to help fund the development, based on what you're seeing in this cycle, does the weakness in some of the coastal markets pressure at the high end change your view and maybe some of the coastal markets are going to be seen for harvesting rather than some of the markets like Richmond, some of those others?
Tom Toomey: I think there's still a couple of markets that we probably are ready to exit a little more quickly than others, and I think Harry will talk maybe as soon as I get off this on which ones we’re looking at in our disposition program this year. But markets that we've historically talked about that were in our warehouse and we kind of stopped talking about that, because we -- we've really come to realize, there're good strong markets, and they're going to perform well over the long term, places like Florida, again Orlando, Nashville, Tampa, places like that, I think we're satisfied to stay there over the midterm and probably long term. There's no rush to exit. But we'll selectively sell assets, and at times get out of markets to fund the development pipeline. But maybe Harry can give you a little more input on what we're looking to sell this year.
Harry Alcock: Yes, Alex. In the short term -- we're always looking at which assets to sell to fund our development pipeline in particular. This year we've looked at -- we intend to sell Baltimore -- at least sell down portfolio to some extent. We have a group of assets in the market today. We're also going to sell a couple properties in Dallas for the balance of the year.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And then Harry, while you’re on, could you just walk us through the ground lease deal that you did in LA and the economics then how this fits in within UDR's investment game plan?
Harry Alcock: Sure. Well Alex, as you know, we look at all these trades in the context of best invested return to the shareholders. La Jolla, the effective land sizes of $400,000 per unit, which is the price that's unheard of the Los Angeles, we were able to monetize most or all of our future development gain today, and then convert this one-time gain into another structured deal where we received nearly 7% return on our capital. And so while its different than Steel Creek, it’s another example of how we deploy capital and then create transactions.
Operator: And next in queue we have Nick Yulico with UBS. Please go ahead.
Nick Yulico : Well thanks. So I guess just turning back to the guidance, specifically on same-store revenue growth, where you’ve gone 6% year-to-date and for the year saying and 5.5% to 6% is the range, how should we think about what level of conservatism is built into the guidance? Because it doesn’t seem to imply much of a deceleration in the back half of the year?
Jerry Davis: Yes, Nick, it’s Jerry. I’d tell you right now, we look at our model, we’re coming in right in the midpoint of guidance. There’s a couple of things that could push us, there’s really one thing that push us to the top-end, and that would be if we get a significant occupancy pick-up. And we have been pushing to drive occupancy a little bit higher over the last month or two. The thing that could drive us to the bottom is if we see a further deterioration in operating fundamentals. And typically those would probably have to come with more downside than we’ve projected in New York and San Francisco since the other ones have been reacting kind of stable. There is a couple of things though -- because I know what you’re talking about. We’ve got a 6 or so in the first half of the year, which would imply second half would be a 5.5. But there’s a few things to keep in mind. If here so far we had 6.3% rent per occupied home growth, that’s been offset by about a 30 basis points decline in occupancy; we had very difficult occupancy comps at the first half of last year. Our occupancy in the second half of last year decelerated about 20 or 30 bps. Now we’re still very high at 96.6, but it wasn’t at 96.8 or 96.9. Our expectation and what we’re shooting for this year is to have a positive spread over last year’s occupancy. So we’re not going to be losing revenue growth even if occupancy declined. We’re hoping we get a little bit of pickup in that. Then the second thing just that’s interesting is our fee income is up almost 10% year-over-year, and we would expect that to continue through the second half of the year. And that’s really coming partially from lease break fees; people electing to move and relocate for jobs or buy houses or things like that. And but the second part is we started working on an initiative in the second half of last year to drive higher revenues from our parking rent, which was an initiative we began working on like I said, late last year but we’ve got the fruits of it this year, to find a way to increase this under optimized real estate. So you got 6% of your revenue stack coming from fee income, that’s growing at a much higher rate than my rents. And you know, how optimistic or pessimistic or conservative is that midpoint? Right now we’ve factored in like I said earlier that we think blended rate growth for the second half of the year is going to be low 4s. So again, you’re looking at renewal growth in the low 5s and new lease rate growth, maybe right around 3, and that seems to us to be pretty sustainable right now.
Nick Yulico : Okay, sounds fine. I guess just one other follow-up on that. You did talk about the second half blended lease growth of low 4%. It sounds like there is other items in your sort of revenue that are helping as you mentioned fee income et cetera. So I guess point is we shouldn’t be using that low 4% lease rate growth as sort of a directionally where your same-store revenue growth is heading is, how should we think about?
Jerry Davis: Well, I'll say this. You're lease rate growth or what we get from new rental renewals benefits you over the next 12 months. So a portion of what we’re realizing in the third quarter of this year is based on the very strong lease rate growth and renewal growth that we got at the end of the last year. So it continues to pay benefits for the next 12 months. So what I'm telling you that I'm going to do over the next six months has some benefit over the next six months, but it also has a benefit over the following six months. So you can't just look at my current -- what am I signing leases for, because that's only for the percentage of residents or expirations that are happening at that time. 
Nick Yulico : Yes, so I meant that the second half blend of lease growth of low 4%, whether that sort of indicator about where 2017 same-store sales revenue growth would be, not this year?
Jerry Davis: It does build. You are right. It does build into 2017. The others saying is though, what are rents going to do next year, and we’re going to have some markets where you’re probably going to see rate growth continue to go down, but we have other markets for example Los Angeles where we’re fighting heavy new supply right now, but I expect that one to pick up quite a bit next year. So some of is dependent on how we do next year but we are building up part of our rent role right now for 2017.
Nick Yulico : Okay, that's helpful. And just to clarify, when you talk about the fee income being strong, is any of that from actual leased termination, lease break fees of residents, or is that helping you at all?
Jerry Davis: Yes, that is -- that's about half of it. We're hitting a portion -- we'll probably pick up a little over a $1 million, $1.2 million this year of additional revenue from parking, and that's just basically -- and it’s predominantly in garden communities, charging people for parking and determining which spaces are the most preferable and trying to monetize that. But the other big mover is lease break fees, where somebody wants to cancel their lease ahead of the natural expiration date. They are contractually obligated to pay us to get out of the lease. So a portion of it is that.
Operator: Next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Janney.
Rob Stevenson : Jerry, when you look at 2017 deliveries in the New York area, is that -- how much of that is concentrated in Manhattan, and would be sort of direct competition for you guys versus how much of that stuff is in Queens and Brooklyn where you don’t have any assets?
Jerry Davis: Most of it is not directly impacting us. When you look at approximate to our neighborhoods, we’re not going to head to head with much, but we have been feeling the impact coming from whether it's mid-town in west Brooklyn, you have people in New Jersey, as well as Queens, they are all kind of a stealing some people away, if you can get nice new product for a lower effective rate. I don’t have the numbers off the top of my head about how much is in Manhattan versus Queens though.
Rob Stevenson : When does the that property that's just north of View 34, that we followed the property tour is scheduled to start leasing?
Jerry Davis: I think it's late fourth quarter or first quarter. We think we’ll probably feel some effect from that, but their rents are quite a bit higher than ours.
Rob Stevenson: Okay, and then Harry the guidance on the acquisition went from $0 million to $100 million to a $100 million to $200 million. Is that third party acquisitions or is that you guys buying in some of the Wolf stuff?
Harry Alcock: It's not the Wolf stuff. So it generally is going to be third party acquisitions and there are couple 10/31 trades that we're looking to execute in the fourth quarter.
Rob Stevenson: You don't want the contract currently?
Harry Alcock: No.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Rich Hill with Morgan Stanley.
Rich Hill: A quick question. I think I remember you asking about of this call that you were seeing a little bit more supply pressures in the LA market. That’s maybe a little bit different then some of the commentary if you referred from last years. So I'm curious, how much of that is driven versus by Class A versus Class B? And are you actually starting to see supply pick up in maybe the Class B space versus the Class A?
Tom Toomey: It’s a good question. Here's what the deal is. 90% of our same-store portfolio is located in Marina del Rey. So it's three properties over in Marina. Marina is about a two-mile drive to Playa Vista where all of the tech firms are relocating to the area called Silicon Beach. We've got two lease ups occurring in Playa Vista right now. One is a 1,500-unit deal, the other one I think is 400 units. But they are coming in offering concessions of one to two months free. And what’s it's really done, it's directly impacting my three [ph] properties in Los Angeles that make up 90% of my portfolio. So, yes, I don't think any of my peers would be feeling the same thing, because they don't have as much concentration in one sub market in Los Angeles as I have.
Operator: Next we've Richard Anderson with Mizuho Securities.
Richard Anderson: So, Harry, you said something interesting earlier about how you were kind of abandoning -- maybe it’s Jerry -- abandoning this warehousing concept, and thinking about keeping some assets in some markets in the portfolio. And so I was wondering if you could talk about any other adjustments you're making to the strategy like that. Because one of them, I recall when you spent some together last year, the 50/50 Class A, Class B could actually morph into more like 60 or 70 Class A over time. Do you feel like maybe there's an adjustment there that you'll make in the current environment kind of like how you're adjusting your warehousing kind of concept?
Tom Toomey: Rich, this is Toomey. I think abandoning or changing is probably a little bit of an over statement. I think what we're doing is constantly weighing our market mix and the price point in what we think cash flow is going to grow at. And so when we think we have a market for example where Baltimore has performed in last five years, averaging 3% growth, we kind of look out the next five years and say, we don't think it's really going to change a whole lot. Where else do we think we can redeploy that capital in the enterprise, most immediately in the development pipeline. So we're always revisiting our markets. On the balance of 50/50, the As that we're putting in today, 10 years from now will be Bs. And so I think we'll probably hover around the 50/50, it might go 60/40 but I don’t see a long-term directional change in that allocation. I think what ultimately we’re trying to build, and have done so far and will continue to refine is building cash flow, and where we see it can grow the best. And concentrated positions could create concentrated risk. And so we’re always going to have this diversification. We think over time it works. Some markets having Bs work better than As. Other cases where we look at jobs and where we think they're coming up in the price point, As are going to be better. So I think that’s the overriding doctrine that we’re overall thinking about our capital allocation and decisions, and markets from time-to-time. Florida is an example right now, talking off the cost, is going to enjoy a another couple year run, but supply will start coming at Florida in the near-future, and then we’ll look at how we feel about our assets positioned in that market and rather we should move more capital out of that, and into other places where opportunities will become available.
Richard Anderson: Okay. And then as a follow-up, was there anything about the QR print that kind of caused you to at least take another look at your numbers and make sure you weren’t missing anything. The is one kind of cynical view is that the rest of the group is going to have to revisit guidance, not this quarter maybe, but next quarter. I’m just curious if there was any level of reaction on your part from seeing that profit take effect?
Tom Toomey: Rich, I'm not going to comment on EQR or their results and their outlook. What I am going to say is, is that Jerry and his team run a culture from the bottom-up focusing greatly on what’s going on in the ground, reforecasting the business constantly, monitoring our traffic or pricing power, and that feeds right up to us on a weekly basis, and we discuss how does that fit in our outlook for the future, and we’re very comfortable with the guidance we’ve just given. We feel like a lot of the year is pretty much behind us. There's not a lot of leases to price in that fourth quarter window, and we’re trying to really focus on our '17. And I think that’s a credit to his team, to Shaun and his efforts in forecasting FP&L, that we have a pretty darn good handle on exactly where we’re at, what are the levers that we can move, and what’s our range of outcomes. And that’s why we tightened guidance the way we did, but we feel very good about the guidance we’ve given, and it's a credit to Jerry and his operating team, but also in way it's positioned
Operator: And moving on we’ll next hear from John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors.
John Pawlowski: Jerry, rent growth across a number of Sun Belt markets, namely Dallas, Tampa and Orlando for example, seem to have decelerated throughout the quarter. Do you expect that reacceleration in the back half of the year across some of these Sun Belt markets?
Jerry Davis: You know Dallas I think is going to continue to be difficult. Its having new supply there. Our B product is continuing to do well, but we’ve got properties in uptown as well as Plana [ph] that are going up against new supply. So I think you’re going to continue to see a struggle in Dallas, but I don’t think it’s going to get any worse. I think when you look at the other Sun Belts, Orlando and Tampa, I think you're going to see Orlando turn back around. What happened in the quarter -- second quarter is we probably got a bit aggressive on renewal growth, where we were popping out 7.9%, and opened back door a little, put a little pressure on occupancy levels, and we had to cut new lease rate growth to get occupancy back up. Our occupancy in Orlando today is 97.1%. That compares to an average of 96.5% during the second quarter and we've seen a lease rate growth in the month of July jump back up to 6.6% compared to the 4.9% that we reported in Q2. So I think Orlando feels good and then Tampa just feels stable. We've had a few lease ups in a sub market of Tampa that's affected us, and I think they're starting to stabilize now and I think our numbers will too.
John Pawlowski: And then Harry what timing can we expect on the roughly $400 million of dispositions, how is pricing shaping up versus expectation?
Harry Alcock: Pricing is coming in sort of at or slightly above expectations. We expect these things to close mostly early in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Drew Babin with Robert W. Baird Company.
Drew Babin: One follow-up question on the 10/31 opportunity. Would you say that the opportunity on the disposition side, is kind of a more compelling reason for the increase in your overall transaction activity for this year, or would you say that the opportunistic use of the capital on the acquisition side is the more exciting opportunity?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. So I think there's a couple of questions there. One, we sell a number of properties every year to fund -- there's a bucket of capital to fund various uses, including specifically development. We do have 10/31 opportunities that we're going to look at. The pricing on the acquisition we think is likely to be generally market. We'll look at markets such as DC, Boston, Southern California, Northern California, Seattle to redeploy the capital. We think that will be largely market. The cap rates on these sales, typically our Baltimore assets are going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of 6%. The cap rate on one of our Dallas acquisitions that's in the market today called Cert, which is a Metlife JV asset, which should be somewhere in the neighborhood of 5.25. We've got one additional Dallas asset that will definitely be a component of the 10/31 and we think that's probably a mid 5s type trade.
Drew Babin: And secondly I was hoping to dig in on Manhattan a little bit. With View 34 being same-store pool this year, and obviously that's been a strong asset so far. Can you talk at all about how the Manhattan portfolio is performing ex-View 34? Or conversely just provide how View 34 has done year-to-date?
Harry Alcock: Yes. View 34 actually added about 70 basis points to our numbers. And I -- hold up one second, let me get the details. I think -- look at the Manhattan portfolio, View 34's revenue growth during the quarter was about 6.1% year-over-year.
Tom Toomey: It's Toomey. I'd add. That's what's reflective when you do a good job on a rehab of a B, and you keep it in that B price point and boy, I wish I could find more View 34s is the answer?
Drew Babin: So can you talk at all specifically about how Downtown's performing?
Tom Toomey: Sure. Yes, Downtown is definitely our hardest hit submarket in Manhattan for same-stores. But our two Downtown properties had revenue growth during the quarter of just under 3%. Now when you get up to a one Met JV, which is in the upper west side, Columbus Square, that property had revenue growth of just under 1%. So that's the one that is combating most head to head new supply. And then just to do a full lap through, Manhattan we only have one other deal and it's in Chelsea. And that property has continued to do extremely well and it had revenue growth in the mid sixes.
Operator: Next we have Juan Sanabria with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Juan Sanabria: Just wondering if you could briefly run through what your exceptions are across let's say your top five markets for new supply 2016 and then going into full year 2017?
Jerry Davis: Sure. When we look at D.C. in 2016 our expectations for news -- I'll tell you, we get this data from Axiometrics. So if you get Axio data, it's going to be roughly the same, but D.C. 2016 is about 13,500 units and 2017 is projected to be about 9,000. New York is going to go from 25,000 this year to 30,000 next year, and that is the one market we see where supply in our major markets is going to be higher next year than this year. San Francisco goes from about 13,000 to about 7,000. Seattle goes from about 10,000 to 6,000 and I guess the last market I would highlight is we showed Dallas going from about 18,000 units this year to about 13,000 next year.
Juan Sanabria: A couple of your peers have commented that they may be few numbers higher than what Axio actual uses. Is there any concern on your part that those numbers may be understated and your 2017 figures could be under more pressure than where the numbers may currently spin out too?
Tom Toomey: Juan this is Tom. This is an interesting topic, and I'm glad you kind of got us there, is what is the supply picture look like in the future, because I think everybody is kind of throwing around different numbers. I would tell you some anecdotal information that's critical to this conversation would be is what are banks' lending on, and what is the bank lending environment. And if you start digging into that with the bankers, you're realizing very rapidly that the terms on construction loans, the pricing on them, and the availability is contracting at a rapid pace. And we've seen several large banks just red line and say we're not doing multifamily loans any longer, period. Or probably now price terms that are prohibitive to make the deals work. So, I think you are going to start to see some of those construction numbers start really coming down rapidly, as people start to get into their construction loan draws, and trying to get their terms and their penciling work. I think it also creates an opportunity for UDR to look at wharf and steel type creek opportunities, that might start becoming and available in 2017, should this come to fruition. So I would stay very focused on what the supply of money looks like, the terms of that, and watch how that ultimately unfolds. I know everybody's numbers are all over the map right now, but what I look at is one of the drivers and it's not the opportunities, not the fundamentals. Those are there. It's the question of capital and the price of that capital and will deals work. And we'll stay focused on that, which is my recommendation for 2017.
Juan Sanabria: And then in Europe any remarks? Tom, you talked about being focused on operational excellence. I think you've hit a little bit on the parking upside. Any other things you could point to that you're working on that maybe we'd say some margin upside and any sort of target numbers you could talk to?
Tom Toomey: I'll let Jerry clean it up, but I'll start with it. One we're a very operationally focused company, and it comes a lot through innovation. So, there's always as you can see from prior road shows, we've always listed out initiatives that we're focused on. We have basically a biweekly meeting on innovation here, and we're talking about the product, the initiatives that we have underway, what's working, what's not and we're always constantly pressing the next envelope for our customer. And we do a great job of listening to what they want, and what they are willing to pay for. And its Jerry and his team to filter through that innovation list and put it in the practical terms. This parking conversation that he alluded to earlier is really a conversation started two years ago, and ultimately we've built systems out, convinced the field about the pricing scheme and they've done a great job of executing it. And I can tell you that at the last count there were 57 initiatives on that schedule. Some will not work, many of them will. So we're going to continue to be innovative operationally, and that's how it makes the difference at the enterprise.
Jerry Davis: I'll give you a few examples. Tom spoke and you mentioned the parking, another one, and they're not all revenue enhancing. Some are expense reducing. So we -- and some are capital expenditures that give us that return. But one is converting common area space lighting to LED lighting, which dramatically drops down, both your electrical cost as well as the maintenance time people have to spend replacing those light bulbs. And we've seen a reduction in our electric costs this year from doing that. Secondly package lockers. Some people believe in them, some people don’t. I will tell you we do. We've installed well over 40 lockers; we've got another 35 that are being installed right now. We're doing it for two reasons. Dealing with package management is a huge time suck on our onsite teams. So it opens them up to do more work makes money for us. And secondly it's a benefit that residents enjoy to have 24/7 access to pick up their own packages. So we get a little bit of a rent from that doing that too. And the packaged lockers have an IRR, that we look at it, well over 25% to 30%. So, financially it makes a lot of sense, but we always do things that the residents want, and that typically is good for us. And what both of those things do? You heard me mention on the LED lights because it takes -- gives back some time to our maintenance teams. And you heard me on the package lockers, say that we've been able to give some time back to our leasing maintenance. This year, and if you look at our personnel numbers, personnel expense number, you'll see that it's roughly flat for the quarter. We've been able to reduce about 1.5% to 2% of our site headcount this year because of some of these efficiencies that we've been able to do. So those are just a couple of examples, but like Toomey said we're always looking. There are some that we'll spend a great little time on, and they don't work, but we're always trying to search for the next thing to expand our margins.
Operator: And moving on we'll hear from Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay: You mentioned that the supply in Marina del Rey would abate to the second half. Are you seeing any of your major markets where the supply could be back half loaded this year?
Tom Toomey: Back half loaded, let' me think. I think Bellevue -- probably Bellevue, Washington. So, one, and I'll get Harry in on this on a minute. Bellevue is one where there's lot of cranes and there's a lot of supply coming. We're currently doing exceptionally well there with 6.5%, 7% revenue growth this quarter on our same-store pool, but our expectation was that we would be more affected by new supply there and that's one of the reasons that our Seattle portfolio is outperforming. But Bellevue is probably one that I could say picking up later this year and maybe spreading into the first half of next year. Can you think of anything else, Harry?
Harry Alcock: Well, New York obviously continues to second half of this year and into next year, you're going to see that heavier supply in New York.
Tom Toomey: And I will tell you another one, that this will continue to get hit, and we don't have any same-store properties there, but Downtown LA has quite -- I mean probably got 3,000 to 4,000 new supply that's in some stage of lease up or pre-lease up right now. So Downtown LA is going to -- it's going to be interesting to operate there over the next year.
Wes Golladay: And real quick, you had mentioned the lenders who were looking to cut back on multifamily lending. Was this more emphasis on the coastal markets or is it broad based including the Sunbelt as well?
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. We're seeing it across the template. And so when we talk to people about how they're sourcing their capital, where half of them go to other pools of money, foreign banks, local, regional banks, all of which do not have the capacity of our big national banks. And so by virtue of just pricing and the size, we expect that will drive some of the geography of where supply is going to come. So it's going to start moving to the Sun Belt and it's start going to moving suburban, and then also I think it's going to decrease that urban pressure. So we're going to see the market shifting.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll hear from Dennis McGill with Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Dennis McGill: A couple of quick ones. On the 4.4% new lease growth rate for the quarter, what would that look it if you split it by urban and suburban assets?
Tom Toomey: Urban and suburban. I don't have that number on me.
Dennis McGill: Okay. We can follow up. And then just a more bigger picture, it sounds like right now it's widely accepted that San Fran and New York are going through an adjustment phase. But these are markets that I think most have said have come in below expectations and weaker than even maybe six months ago, but it doesn't sound like there's any assumption that other markets could follow that path. Is that right and then I guess what gives you confidence that there is not another one sort of uncertainty around the corner, especially with the urban portfolio. I understand the suburban protection, but any urban environment where supply is pretty pronounced virtually across the country?
Jerry Davis: Here is how I would think about it. First, New York and San Francisco are not really surprises to us. They are urban settings, when you see supply coming, you see it coming years in advance. Second, we've had great job growth in both of those markets, and both have tapered off to more of the norm. And so that combination kind of gives you what those markets are. As we look towards the future, we don’t see as a big supply pressures coming at the urban portfolios, but we do have a concern about job growth sustaining itself, and I think everybody should. And were waiting to see how the election turns out and how the economy turns out, but in both of those camps that's -- the future will be what it's going to be. So I'm not at all surprised about those two markets. We are not surprised about our outlay exposure. We saw it coming. What we see was this. These are supply driven numbers that are changing our pricing power. It is not the underlying fundamentals of demographics and or job markets that are driving our business right now. Those are still in very good shape. And so we we're very focused on the supply pressure, and think we have a very good handle on it, feel good about the way we're running the business to deal with that supply. When it abates, we think we're back to guns on pricing, and we'll do very well in that environment. 
Tom Toomey: And I would just add, even though we don’t see any markets right now, if one pop-up for let's say there is job loss in a particular market or something like that, that goes back to the benefit of being in 20 markets and having that A and B portfolio. We've got other markets that can counterbalance something like that.
Operator: And at this time, it appears we have no further questions. I'd like to turn the conference back over to President and CEO, Tom Toomey for any additional or closing remarks.
Tom Toomey: Great, thank you again for all of your time. Again, I think we had a very solid quarter on all fronts. Certainly we remain focused on the strategic plan and the execution of it. A big part of that is just execution and we're doing it right now. What is the strategic plan focused on? Growing cash workflow through all points in the cycle. We're going through one of those right now. You can see from our results we're still able to sustain and guide to on a strong cash flow number, and I think that's attributed to the team in the room, in particular Jerry and his operating team, and their focus on adjusting their strategies by individual assets, by unit types to meet the market and get ahead of it if you will. And also we're enjoying a very good strong development pipeline that's leasing up very well and gives us confidence for the future. So with that, we thank you again for your time and look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a nice day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelby Noble - Senior Director, IR Tom Toomey - President and CEO Tom Herzog - CFO Jerry Davis - COO Harry Alcock - SVP, Asset Management Warren Troupe - SVP, Corporate Compliance Officer and Secretary
Analysts: Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Rich Hightower - Evercore ISI Nick Joseph - Citi Richard Anderson - Mizuho Securities Nick Yulico - UBS Drew Babin - Robert W. Baird John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors Jana Galan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rob Stevenson - Janney Michael Lewis - SunTrust Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill
Operator: Please standby, we're about to begin. Good day, and welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Shelby Noble. Please go ahead.
Shelby Noble: Welcome to UDR's first quarter 2016 financial results conference call. Our first quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our Web site, ir.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirement. I'd like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in yesterday's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask you that you be respectable of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that do not get answered. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Shelby, and good afternoon everyone, and welcome to UDR's first quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available for the Q&A portion of the call. The first quarter of 2016 was another great quarter for UDR, with strong same-store results and development lease-ups continuing to perform well. As you have come to expect from UDR, we remain focused on executing on our previously communicated two-year strategic plan, which is still the right plan, given the long-term strength of the apartment business. From a big picture point of view, we're now in our sixth year of achieving 5% plus NOI growth. Over the past two years, most of our markets have seen accelerating growth trends due to supply/demand imbalance, and while our overall 2016 same-store operating trends continue to improve year-over-year in a few markets as anticipated, we have started to feel the impact of concentrated new supply. We believe apartment growth is sustainable, and supply can be absorbed with steady job growth and household formations. Deliveries of new apartment homes are projected to peak in the cycle in 2016 at around 380,000 units, and will subsequently drop in 2017 to 300,000 units, while job growth is forecast to be in the 2 million to 2.5 million range in both years. In this environment, market mix and price points will be key, and this plays well to our overall strategy that centers around our diverse portfolio mix of 20 markets with A and B quality communities in urban and suburban locations, which over the long-term we expect to continue to perform well through the cycles and provide consistent cash flow growth. Our two-year strategic plan issued in February showed strong expected 2016 revenue and NOI growth of 5.75% and 6.75% at the midpoints. And we spoke to an anticipated solid, but slightly decelerating 2017 operating environment with revenue and NOI growth of 5% and 5.5% at the midpoints. Since then, there have been a number of publications speaking to flowing revenue trends in certain markets. And as such, I have asked Jerry to provide an update on our market expectations for the balance of 2016 and how we currently see 2017 stacking up. I hope you find this useful and that you reach the same conclusion that the UDR team. It's a great time to be in the apartment business, and therefore, we're reaffirming our full year guidance provided in the initial outlook, and we'll provide an update during the second quarter earnings call. Also let me take a moment to mention that we were pleased that in early March we were added to the S&P 500 index, which is granted to our investors and the entire UDR team who made this possible. With that, now I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Herzog: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include the first quarter results, our balance sheet and capital markets update, our casualty loss update, and development and transactions update, and our second quarter and full year guidance. Our first quarter earnings results were in line with our previously provided guidance. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.43 and $0.41 respectively. First quarter same-store revenue, expense, and NOI growth remained strong at 6.4%, 2.7%, and 8.0% respectively. Next the balance sheet; at year end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity was 1.1 billion. Our financial leverage on an un-depreciated cost basis was 33.0%. Based on today's market cap, it was 23.8%, and inclusive of JVs it was 28.2%. Our net debt to EBITDA was 5.4 times, and inclusive of JVs was 6.5 times. All balance sheet metric improvements were ahead of plan. During the quarter we issued 174 million of common equity at a net price of $34.73 per share in conjunction with our inclusion in the S&P 500. In addition, in January we paid 83.3 million of 5.25% medium term notes. On to casualty losses; in conjunction with the previously announced damage to our 151 homes, 717 Olympic Community located in the Los Angeles, we recorded a casualty loss of 1.1 million during the quarter attributable to business interruption and temporary housing for our residents. This resulted in a charge of approximately $0.50 to FFO, what was added back to FFO was adjusted. We expect to recover a significant portion of this charge from the insurance providers. And any subsequent recoveries will be included in FFO, but deducted from FFO as adjusted. As a reminder, 717 Olympic is owned by the MetLife II JV. It has no impact on our same-store results. As of today, all damage has been fixed. The community if fully operational and we're over 88% leased. Turning to development, we commenced construction of our 585-home 367 million-345 Harrison Street development in Boston's South End, which we intend to fund with non-core asset sales. We have identified a number of assets that we'll be marketing to satisfy our funding needs for the year, with a significant portion of these sales coming from the mid-Atlantic markets. At the end of the first quarter, the company had an under-construction development pipeline for its pro-rata share totaled 1 billion. The development pipeline is currently expected to produce a weighted average spread between estimated stabilized yields and current market cap rates above the upper end of the company's 150 to 200 basis point targeted range. Next, transactions completed in the quarter. During the first quarter, we sold our 95% ownership interest in two land parcels located in Santa Monica, California for $24 million. This resulted in a gain to FFO of 1.7 million, which was backed out of FFO as adjusted. On to the second quarter and full year 2016 guidance, second quarter 2016 FFO, FFO as adjusted, and AFFO per share guidance is $0.43 to $0.45 and $0.39 to $0.41 respectively. At this time we are maintaining our full year guidance ranges for both earnings and same-store metrics. Full-year 2016 FFO, FFO as adjusted, and AFFO per share is forecasted at $1.75 to $1.81, a $1.75 to $1.81, and a $1.59 to $1.65, respectively. For same-store, our full year 2016 guidance remains unchanged, with revenue growth of 5.5% to 6%, expense 3.0% to 3.5%, and NOI 6.5% to 7.0%. Average 2016 occupancy remains forecasted at 96.6%. Due to the $174 million equity issuance in the quarter, we no longer anticipate a bond issuance later this year, and are updating our full-year interest expense guidance to 121 million to 125 million, from 128 million to 132 million. Other primary full-year guidance assumptions can be found on attachment 15 or page 26 of our supplement. Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.295 in the first quarter or $1.18 per share when annualized, 6% above 2015's level, and representing a yield of approximately 3.3%. With that I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon everyone. In my remarks I'll cover the following topics. First, our first quarter portfolio metrics, leasing trends and the rental rate growth we realized this quarter, and early results for the second quarter. Second, how our primary markets performed during the quarter with a high-level update for 2016, and 2017. And last, a brief update on our development lease-ups. We are pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the first quarter, same-store net operating income grew 8.0%, our highest growth rate since the first quarter of 2012. These results were driven by a very strong 6.4% year-over-year increase in revenue against a 2.7% increase in expenses. Our same-store revenue per occupied home increased by 6.7% year-over-year, to $1,897 per month, while same-store occupancy of 96.5% was down 20 basis points versus the prior year period. Total portfolio revenue per occupied home was $1,995 per month, including pro-rata JVs. Stable job growth, limited impact from new multi-family supply, rental preference from both new millennial households, empty-nesters, and everyone in-between all driving this continued growth. Turning to new and renewal lease rate growth, which is detailed on attachment 8E of our supplement, we grew new lease rates by 3.7% in the first quarter, 50 basis points below the first quarter of 2015. Renewal growth remained robust, at 6.9% in the first quarter, 120 basis points ahead of last year. On a blended rate basis, we averaged 5.3% during the first quarter, an improvement of 40 basis points versus the same period in 2015. In April, these trends continued with new lease and renewal rate growth of 4.2%, and 6.8% respectively. And our current physical occupancy is 96.5%. Our leasing success and stable occupancy gives us confidence that demand is more than sufficient to continue pushing rate higher throughout the upcoming prime leasing season in the majority of our markets. Next, move-outs to home purchase were flat year-over-year, at 13%, in line with our long-term average. Even with our strong renewal increases in the first quarter, less than 9% of our move-outs gave rent increases the reason for leaving. Before I move on to the quarterly performance in our primary markets, I'd like to give a general update on our general portfolio. First, third-party data indicates that in every one of our markets we expect supply to peak this year, with the exception being New York City. Second, job growth remains robust, and we continue to have strong pricing power in the majority of our markets. The overall economic environment we see today is very similar to what we provided in our two-year outlook. Now, moving on to the quarterly performance in our primary markets, which represent 70% of our same-store NOI, and 75% of our total NOI, Metro DC, which represents 18% of our total NOI posted year-over-year same-store revenue growth of 2.1%, compared to 1.9% in the first quarter of '15. We are forecasting the market to generate top line growth in 2016, between 2% and 3% as we will continue to benefit from our diverse 50-50 mix of A and B assets located both inside and outside the Beltway. In the first quarter, our A's and B's had very similar growth rates. Apartment supply in 2016 is expected to increase by 13,600 homes, and then fall to 9,000 homes in 2017. While job growth in 2017 is expect to increase by 1.9%, up from 1.6% in 2016. Our current forecast is that DC will have modestly-accelerating revenue growth in 2017, compared to 2016. Orange County in Los Angeles combined represent 16% of our total NOI. Orange County posted year-over-year revenue growth of 8.4%. We continue to remain very optimistic on Orange County as the market is only expected to see 5,000 units of new supply and nearly 35,000 jobs, implying a 7:1 ratio, which is roughly twice the long-term historical average. Revenue growth in L.A. was 8.8% during the quarter, continuation of very strong results in the back half of 2015 due to job growth and supply absorption in our Marina del Rey concentrated submarket. Lease-up pressure from almost 2,000 recently-delivered apartment homes in the neighboring Playa Vista market began negatively impacting our pricing power in the middle of the first quarter. And we think this competition will continue to affect us through the end of the third quarter. Fortunately, tech-related jobs continue to come to this part of Silicon Beach. Overall, L.A. will see over 12,000 apartment homes delivered in 2016, or about 1% of supply. And the market is projected to create 88,000 new jobs, again a 7:1 ratio. 2017 and 2018 are each projected currently to see deliveries flow to 7,000 to 8,000 homes per year, with job growth only slowing slightly. L.A. looks best to be a strong market over the next several years. And after we get past the short-term lease-up pressures in our Marina del Rey-Playa Vista submarket. We will get back on track to above average growth. We still anticipate full-year 2016 revenue growth in L.A. to be in the 6% range, and would expect 2017 to also be in that range. New York City represents 12% of our total NOI, and posted 5.8% revenue growth in the quarter. While our same-store properties are not directly affected by any new developments, we are beginning to feel the impact from the new supply in the Manhattan market. New Yorkers who typically have been loyal to their preferred neighborhoods are beginning to be enticed by pricing incentives in places like Midtown West. 2016 deliveries of 25,000 apartment homes are adding 1% to existing supply. 2017 is expected to have deliveries even higher, at 30,000 apartment homes. It's still right around 1% of existing supply. The higher deliveries in these years are directly related to the expiring 421 tax abatement program. Once we get through these multiyear elevated supply levels, new development should decrease significant. Job growth in 2016 and 2017 is expected to be right around 1.3% each year. For full year 2016, we have revised our revenue growth expectations down to about 5% in our New York portfolio, which is 50-60 basis points below our original business plan, because of the continuing pressures in new supply, we currently would project 2017 revenue growth in New York to be modestly lower than it will be in 2016. San Francisco, which represents 11% of our total NOI is feeling the effects of new supply in several sub markets, including software market. However, we still expect the bay area to be one of our best performing markets this year, with revenue growth of 7 to 8%. Same-store revenue growth in the first quarter was 9.6% due to the extremely strong blended rent growth we achieved in the second and third quarters of 2015. The good news is that 2016 will be the peak of deliveries this cycle at 12,600 apartments or roughly 3% of existing stock and the number gets cut roughly in half to 6800 homes in 2017 representing approximately 1.6% of existing stock. Annual job growth in 2016 and 2017 is expected to average about 2.5% each year. Although the Bay area is slowing, we still expect to be in above average market this year and next. Boston, which represents 7% of our total NOI produced a strong 6% revenue growth during the first quarter. One same-store property in the Back Bay neighborhood had revenue growth of 5% our suburban assets in the north shore were our strongest performers with growth of 7.5%. The Seaport district, home to our 2015 completion 100 Pier 4, continues to see more growth with additional office tenants in the submarket, including the first quarter that GE will be relocating to Seaport about one-half mile from our property. We started an additional this quarter in Boston South End, a 585 home $367 million project 345 Harrison Street. New supply in Boston is projected at 6100 homes in 2016 with slight deceleration in 2017 to 5500 homes. Both years represent less than 1.5% of existing stock. Job growth is currently forecasted to be about 1.5% both years. We expect revenue growth in 2017 to be comparable to this year. Seattle which represents 6% of our total NOI posted 8.4% revenue growth, continue to benefit from the strong growth inherent in our suburban B assets which are located in sub-markets that are less exposed to new supply. Long-term, we continue to like the downtown Seattle sub-market and believe that the ongoing creation of new jobs by companies such as Amazon, Google, Facebook, and Expedia will continue to drive demand in Seattle's urban core. The Bellevue submarket is in the midst of fairly heavy new multi family development that is not put up significant pressure on our portfolio as evidence by 7.7% revenue growth in Bellevue this quarter. Deliveries in metro Seattle are expected to peak in 2016 at 9800 apartment homes, before following the 6200 homes in 2017, while job growth continues at more than 2%. We expect revenue growth in 2017 to be comparable to this year. Last, Dallas, which represents just over 4.5% of our NOI, posted 5.8% year-over-year same-store revenue growth in the first quarter. Our B properties have revenue growth that was 400 basis points higher than A's as heavy new supply in uptown along with tollways and impacting rent growth in those submarkets. New supply in Dallas is projected to peak in 2016 at 18,000 new units and then drop to 12,700 in 2017. Job growth in the Dallas market should remain strong both years above 2.4%. Outside of our primary markets, such as Portland, Monterey Peninsula, the Sun Belt, Nashville in Austin, which comprised roughly 20% of our portfolio, we are above our initial expectations provided in our two year outlook. So we continue to have strong pricing power due to limited amount of new supply and robust job growth. Our expectation is that these markets have a long runway of growth due to favorable economics. April results came in inline with our plan, and as we look ahead in the new two months, we see improving pricing power, along with stable occupancy. Our 50-50 AB portfolio located throughout 20 markets has enabled our performance in our Sub Belt markets, Orange County, Portland, and Monterey Peninsula to offset markets that are being impacted by new supply in San Francisco, New York, and L.A. On a national basis, and within our core markets, apartment deliveries are expected to peak in 2016. Currently projections from Axiom Metrics have 2017 deliveries coming down over 25%. New York is the only market that we operate in that looks to experience a higher number of deliveries in 2017 than it had in 2016. Remember, that earlier this year, in our two-year outlook we indicated a 75 basis point deceleration in 2017 with a revenue growth guidance mid-point of 5%. Our overall view has not changed. I'll turn now to our four in lease-up developments, which you can find on attachment 9A and B or pages 19, and 20 of our supplement. Our share of these four properties represents $316 million or roughly 23% of our pipeline, inclusive of the West Coast development JV. In total, these properties are performing ahead of plan. 399 Fremont, our 447-home-$318 million lease-up in San Francisco, California took first move-ins in mid-March, and was 26% leased and 15% occupied at quarter end. Today, we are 29% leased and 24% occupied, with rents exceeding pro forma. We are currently offering a month concession, as planned, as this community, nothing that we will see increased competition for other lease-ups in the submarket in the near future. Katella Grand I, our 399-home, $138 million lease-up in Anaheim, California in the West Coast development JV was 37% leased and 29% occupied at quarter end. And as of today, is 47% leased and 37% occupied. We are currently offering less than one month of concessions with this community. And leasing has been very strong in April, with 41 applications. CityLine, our 244-home, $80 million lease-up in the Columbia City submarket of Seattle was 37% leased and 34% occupied at quarter end. Today, the property is 66% leased, and 52% physically occupied. 8th & Republican, our 211-home, $97 million lease-up in the South Lake Union submarket of Seattle was 8% leased and 0% occupied at quarter end. And today, it is 16% leased and 6% occupied. First units were available for move-in in mid-April. All in, we had a great first quarter, and we remain very positive on the outlook for multi-family fundamentals, and our ability to execute during the peak leasing season, and throughout the remainder of 2016. With that, I'll turn the call back to Tom.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Jerry. And before opening up to Q&A, I want to take a moment to sum up our prepared remarks. We still feel very good about multifamily fundamental, and are at a phase in the cycle where market mix and price points of our portfolio are critical. As Jerry mentioned, due to changes in conditions some of our markets are underperforming, and some are outperforming our original expectations. However, on balance, our outlook for the portfolio is unchanged. This is a testament to our overall strategy and market mix, which is less volatile and more predictable, on average, throughout the cycles. We feel good about 2016 and '17, and remain on target. UDR has the right plan with right team in place to execute. And we feel confident about our future opportunities. With that, I will open it up to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hi, good morning. It's Austin Wurschmidt here with Jordan. Just wanted to touch a little bit on the non-core asset sales, I was curious if you guys were looking to do a portfolio sale. What's the potential timing, and will you exit any additional markets? I know you mentioned a concentration in the Mid-Atlantic.
Tom Toomey: Jordan, this is Toomey. With regard to that, we're going to expose probably 300-plus million to the market on individual asset bases, and we'll see what the pricing comes in on those, and we feel like it's a good strong market to expose assets and we'll get good pricing on them.
Austin Wurschmidt: And how should we be thinking about pricing, what's sort of your cap rate expectations at this point?
Tom Toomey: Do you want to take it, Harry?
Harry Alcock: Sure. This is Harry. So it depends a little bit on the product mix. I can tell you, in general, the marketplace, Class As are trading at coastal Class As, and main to main locations are trading at four, sub-four. The Bs that would likely comprise most of what we sell, are going to trade between 5%-5.5% cap rates, and depending on location and specific asset type. There continues to be a strong bid for these assets, particularly in the B space, but A and C continues to be readily available. I can tell you Fannie and Freddie both expect to meet or actually exceed 2016 volume versus 2015. So it's a good time to sell assets right now.
Austin Wurschmidt: Thanks for the detail there. And then just touching a little bit on D.C., I mean, you continue to get a little bit of traction on new and renewal lease rates there, and I was just curious how that acceleration stacks up versus your expectation, and any detail you could provide on submarket trends and what you're seeing subsequent to quarter end?
Jerry Davis: Yes, sure, Austin. This is Jerry. D.C., again, we continue to think it bottomed about a year-and-a-half ago, late-2014, but we continue to see supply pressures and various submarkets throughout the Metro D.C. area, such as Arlington and Alexandria. What's interesting is we've seen the compression between what As and Bs are doing -- occur [ph]. Currently, it's probably less than 100 basis points. Our properties in that 14th and U Street neighborhood, including Capital View, View 14, Andover Place and Thomas Circle, those deals are all putting up probably about 3% revenue growth. And then a couple of the places over off Columbia Pike in Arlington are negative revenue growth right now. When you get outside the Beltway, even though outside tends to do a little bit better than inside the Beltway, we'll have a couple of properties out there in Woodbridge that are flat-to-slightly negative. So that the A-B mix has benefited us in the past, where these have significantly outperformed, but we are seeing neighborhoods in D.C. where supply has subsided, reacts very well and starting to see good rent growth. All in, D.C. is performing about where we expected. I'll touch on the home portfolio that we bought back in October, it's performing pretty much within plan -- in accordance with the plan that we had. We found a few opportunities to drive expenses down. We're in the process of spending coming close to $20 million on some initial capital expenditures, some on unit interiors, some on the exteriors of the properties, but as we chug through that we're seeing occupancy, which when we bought the portfolio, I think, was down around 92%. Today, occupancy in that portfolio has risen to between 95% and 96%. So D.C., I would tell you, is going according to plan. Our expectation this year, like I said in my prepared remarks, is that revenue will be between 2% and 3%, and then our expectation going further out is supply continues to be absorbed and '17 is better than '16.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks for the color, and I'll yield [ph] the floor.
Jerry Davis: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: Thank you. I just wanted to clarify your reduced outlook on New York. So it seems like you have 6% renewal growth this quarter and unusually low turnover of 20%, but you see revenue declining in 2017. So I just wanted to ask if that's purely due to increased vacancy, or do you see rates coming down as well?
Jerry Davis: No, I think it's going to be more rate. I think occupancy there will stay in the 97-98 range. Today it's in the high-96s. The recent turnover was down really in the first quarter as we moved more of our explorations into the more seasonally high demand second and third quarter. So it wasn't purely that we were retaining more people. It was more that we had fewer explorations in the first quarter. So we are definitely feeling the effect of the supply pressures, whether it's Midtown, West, Brooklyn, they're starting to have an effect on our Financial District properties. And if you really stratify what we did in the city in the first quarter, our two down in the Financial District popped revenue growth of about 4.5%, and our Chelsea and Murray Hill properties came in north of seven. So we're feeling it a little bit more in the Financial District. And then if you go up to our MetLife JV property in the Upper West Side, Columbus Square, that one is definitely feeling the effect of the supply in the Upper West Side, and have revenue growth of about 1%-1.5%. So I don't think you'll see us -- that the slowdown that I talked about in '17, I think is going to be more rate-driven than occupancy.
John Kim: And how comfortable do you feel in your 2016 outlook in New York given, as you mentioned, we're heading into the busy leasing season?
Jerry Davis: Yes, New York, actually, it's doing about as well in April as it did in the first quarter. I mean, I would've hoped it would've accelerated, but it hasn't yet, but new lease rate growth in April is about 2.5%-2.6%, but renewal rate growth has jumped up to 6.7%. So I think we did a good job pushing those into the stronger periods, but we feel good about where I expect now. I think I said on the prepared remarks that we've revised our expectations there from being high-fives to low-fives. I guess there is the possibility if we continue to encounter more significant supply pressures that could come a bit lower, but right now, pretty comfortable in that five range.
John Kim: Okay, thanks Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: I'll go next to Rich Hightower with Evercore ISI.
Rich Hightower: Hey, good afternoon guys.
Jerry Davis: Hey, Rich. So just a quick question on the schedule of new and renewal rates in the press release, really appreciate the detail there. As it relates to the different markets with different factors sort of offsetting one another, is there a way for you to peg the likes of hitting above the midpoint of the same-store range that didn't really change the several puts and takes during the quarter, in that sense?
Jerry Davis: I guess I would say this, overall, and maybe -- hopefully this will answer your question. Overall, first quarter came in where we thought it would. So far, in April we're right on track also. You're always going to have some markets that perform a little bit better than expectations. Some that are below, and obviously, the three that we spoke to in the prepared remarks that are currently under are San Francisco, New York, and Los Angeles. And the reason for this under performance really is the effects of new supply. We've talked for years that continuing to get 10% revenue growth in San Francisco wasn't long-term sustainable. And I guess the developers and city officials also took notice of this. And this previously undersupplied market is getting a slug of new supply right now. Fortunately for us, it's going to peak this year, then start to decelerate next year. But what we notice too, and I had this in our remarks, is success of new lease-up properties that are putting some of this pressure on us. That our 399 Fremont lease-up is well ahead of leasing velocity. We're getting rental rates that are above pro forma rents, which were $6 a foot. And we're giving away one month free. So what really shows up is there is demand, and there is traffic for apartments. But we have a lease-up property that's basically getting discounted down 8% because of one month free. You're going to find it harder to push rate on thanks to our properties. But yes, those -- we do have the three underperformers. We also, as I stated earlier, we've got about a third of the company that is exceeding expectations. And those are Orange County, which is I won't say significantly, but it's ahead of where we expected. Our two markets in Florida, Orlando and Tampa are significantly ahead of what we would've expected when we did our business plan. As is Nashville, Portland, and Monterey. And I think the big difference between the ones that are underperforming and those that are outperforming is which ones are being affected by new supply. Those that I just said that are outperforming tend to be B product, which doesn't compete as much against new supply, and they're in markets that really are not getting heavy doses of supply.
Rich Hightower: All right, that's very helpful. And then maybe as one quick follow-up there as it relates to the A/B strategy and Bs outperforming on account of new supply, is it entirely a function of less supply with the B assets versus A, or is there also an element of trading down or anything else on the demand side of the equation that might be leading to outperformance there in general?
Jerry Davis: I think it's predominantly lack of new supply. I mean, there could be some situation of trading down. We've seen the reasons for move-out being rent increase. We're to about 9%, that's stable with where it was about a year ago. We've got two markets that are above 20%, and those are San Francisco, and Los Angeles. And even though you could sit there and think maybe it's because they're getting priced out of the market. When we really see forwarding addresses on where these people move to, they're frequently moving to that brand new supply down that street that's offering the one-month free. Or in the case of Marina del Rey, a month-and-a-half to two months free. The price is then similar to what we were asking them to pay. So we're able to trade up, if you will, into a brand new community, but it's at the same rate. So I don't think it's price-fatigue. There's probably a little bit of that that's inching in there, but I think it's predominantly supply.
Rich Hightower: All right, great. Thanks, Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. Can you give us an update on the West Coast Development JV, and it looks like a few of the assets are now in lease-up, and what you're seeing in those markets?
Harry Alcock: Sure. I'll start, and then Jerry can jump in. Two of the assets are in lease-up, CityLine in Seattle, and Katella I in Anaheim. And as Jerry mentioned in his prepared remarks, they're both leasing up very well. We just started leasing 8th and Republican, and South Lake Union near Amazon. We've at least, I don't know, 10% or so of the units…
Jerry Davis: 16.
Harry Alcock: 16% of the units at this point. The next ones are going to be Downtown L.A. asset that will be in leasing in the third quarter. And then the second phase of the Katella project, which would be in leasing early next year.
Jerry Davis: Yes, but Nick, I'll give you a little more color on how well those lease-ups are doing. As Harry said, they're all at or above what we expected. Katella Grand has probably been my biggest surprise. It's up in the Platinum Triangle. And we're getting rents that we anticipated, and call it the $2.25 to $2.30 a foot range. Then able to drive that thing up to 37% leased and 36% occupied using, typically, less than a month free. So that one's been a big surprise, to me, how strong it was. But I think it is a special project. CityLine up in the Columbia City location, that one got off the ground a little bit slow. And we cut rate a bit to get velocity going in the first quarter. But we caught back up to our budgeted occupancy level. And today, that property is 66% leased, 52% physical. And we've gotten rents back above market rate. And we brought concessions in at about a month free now. And the third one that is doing real well right now is 8th and Republican. And we opened the doors to that one about two weeks ago in a very, or as I've stated a minute ago, we're about 16% leased and 6% physical. One extra benefit that we found out a month or two ago, we thought we were getting dropped right in between Amazon land. Google announced recently that they're going to be putting a few offices up within several blocks of this property too and they will be out a couple of years.
Tom Herzog: This is Herzog, too, Nick. I'll add one other thing. Keep in mind, with the West Coast development JV that we do get a 6.5% pref [ph] until such time as the assets are stabilized as defined. And they absorb any operating losses during that time period. So, in the meantime, while these are stabilizing, we're earning a 6.5% on our investment.
Nick Joseph: Thanks, and then just on the new development in Boston, can you talk about the desirability of that project and expectations in terms of the spread over existing cap rates that you expect to achieve?
Harry Alcock: Sure, Nick. This is Harry. I'll talk about this for a couple of minutes. First, we're building a project in a location that will appeal to a broad range of renters. I'll talk about the neighborhood first, and then economics. This is a new location within the South End, which is one of Boston's most desirable neighborhoods. It's primarily a residential district with old 19th century brownstones. But this particular location is only a 10-minute walk to the Financial District, the Back Bay, and GE's new headquarters that'll bring 800 new employees to Boston. There's tons of restaurants, bars, galleries, and boutiques along Fremont Street. Our side is located directly across the street from a new Whole Foods Market that opened last year. There's been some recently built apartment projects, ink block in the Troy totaling more than 800 units that are nearly fully leased up. The first condo building across the street sold out. And prior to completion of more than a $1000 a foot, they have just started construction on a second condo building related companies purchased a site, kitty-corner from ours, and is into the city for approval of 175 apartments and 100 condos. In terms of economics, yield based on today's rents is about 5.5%. If we get 3% revenue and expense growth for the three plus years, the yield will grow to above six, and more than 200 basis points above today's cap rates. Rents today are more than $400 below our Pier 4 deal that we leased up in seven months last year. When you are comparing similar unit types and like similar assets in Boston, the cap rate for this asset would be very low like lease-up 4% cap rate. We believe in fact that this location could outperform Boston overall, which according to Axial averages nearly 4% per annum through 2019. In addition to Whole Foods and retail and residential construction, our units and our 40,000 square feet of retail will help complete the transition of this new location within a very established and desirable overall neighborhood. Downtown Boston expects to average less than 1500 unit deliveries per year through 2020, and we also believe supply is manageable.
Nick Joseph: Thanks.
Tom Toomey: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: We will go next to Richard Anderson with Mizuho Securities.
Rich Anderson: Thanks. Good morning out there. So if you are doing 8% same-store NOI growth this first quarter, and it sounds like you're going to have a good second quarter, and your guidance is 6.75% still, should we be assuming that you're expecting a supply-induced meaningful deceleration in the second half of the year? Is that how we should read this at this point?
Jerry Davis: Rich, I will start that. This is Jerry. I mean, really when you think about what makes up your revenue growth, it's really the -- it's any change in your occupancy year-over-year and then it's really the weighted blended average of increases for renewals and new leases over the preceding 12th period. So when you really look at how our revenue growth will decelerate over the years, you're really having to look for example in second quarter what did we do in second quarter last year on blended growth and what do we expect to do this year in second quarter on blended growth. And because last year the second and third quarters were extremely strong, and as we go into this year's second and third quarter, the rate growth is going to be less than it was last year. You have a natural deceleration. Now, I guess you could say accurately that it is primarily coming from new supply deceleration that is predominantly occurring in those three markets I talked about earlier, because they have the heavier weighting on our total revenue growth, but I guess long story short, I think you kind of hit it on the head, but I just wanted to make sure people really understand what the components are that really drive the rate growth. For example in first quarter of this quarter what we achieved in the third quarter of 2015 adding more of an impact on first quarter revenue growth than what we achieved as far as rate growth in the first quarter.
Rich Anderson: Okay.
Tom Toomey: Let me add to that. One of the things I'd have you keep in mind is we obviously had a good start to 2016 from a same-store perspective. And as we look at guidance for the balance of the year, it's still too early to make any modifications in our view. We want to get more into peak leasing season, but we do feel good about where we are at, and we will revisit again next quarter.
Rich Anderson: I appreciate that. Thanks, Tom. And then, one of the little tidbits I find interesting is that your development pipeline is at the top end of your kind of range of incremental yields, close to 200 basis points and yet you're worried about supply all around you. I mean, why do you suppose that those two opposite sort of things are happening right now? I would think maybe with elevated level of supply, your own development pipeline would be at least underperforming a little bit in that environment. Can you just kind of walk through that?
Tom Toomey: Rich, this is Toomey. I think it's a testament to Harry and his team. I mean, they have found very good site. They've done a good job of reading what the market opportunity is, and providing a hell of a good product. And I think you're seeing that both last year with Boston and this year with San Francisco. So I think it's a little bit of that aspect of it, if you will. I think it's a fair question. We're probably new to it, and we wanted it little bit more, and try to come up with reasons. We're really focusing on the forward aspect of the business. And we want to stay discipline about allocating our capital and sustaining that type of gap or accretion, if you will. And normally that's -- people wander into the subject of would you expand it? And I don't think we will. I think we're going to stay very disciplined about our development and keep going forward.
Rich Anderson: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Nick Yulico with UBS.
Nick Yulico: Thanks. I was hoping you could shed a little bit more light on why the joint venture assets are underperforming so much on a same-store growth basis they did; 1% same-store NOI growth versus 8% for the rest of your portfolio, I guess you talked about in New York what else is going on there?
Jerry Davis: Yes, Nick, this is Jerry. When you really look at it, and I think we stated this earlier, A and especially A plus product competes more against new supply than B. We stated before that the spread between As and Bs in your same-store pool is probably about 100 basis points. But when you do look at the MetLife assets, and there is -- again, there is 24 assets I believe in the same-store pool in MetLife. There's five of them that are in urban course where heavy new supply is hitting -- that's definitely hitting A plus product. One of those is in downtown Seattle. One is in Washington D.C. One is Columbus Square, up in the upper West side. One is in uptown Dallas, and then the last one is in downtown Austin. Those five properties make up 41% of the total NOI for MetLife JV, and they have a revenue growth of 0.6%. So, you know, under 1% because they're going head-to-head against so much new supply. When you look at the expense side, you have situations where I believe last year in the first quarter we had pretty good real estate tax, the appraisals have benefited us, but it's predominantly because of those five properties that are in the urban core of heavy new supply urban locations.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Yes, that helpful. I guess my follow-up on that was, you know, if I go through your proxy and I look at some of the short-term compensation metrics for executives, one piece is that same-store revenue growth in market versus your peer group, and then I'm wondering why then it makes sense to be carving out, I think that calculation causes out the MetLife JV assets, which seems like it would actually be that beneficial if you're thinking about how your portfolio is being comp versus your peers which often have less JVs or don't have as much exposure with the JV in a market like New York or Boston?
Tom Toomey: Nick, this is Toomey. It's a good question. First, when we manage and set forth budgets with Met, we have them as a partner in the room, and they weigh in on how they want to be asset run, and we weigh in on it. And we usually somewhere in the middle of that arrive at how we're going to manage the assets. I think, second, we saw the pressure that Jerry alluded to, with ultra A assets, and we really have that conversation run those assets in that manner, and we have since day one disclosed it transparently. With respect to the comp point on the issue, we're very comfortable, we have deliberation with the Board internally that we've got the right comp plan and we launched the right action, which is to win our market. And I think we do that pretty darn consistently, and I think it's a testament to Jerry and his operating team and the innovation that they drive. So we're comfortable with our plan, and how we treated the Met JVs and disclosed them.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: We will go next to Drew Babin with Robert W. Baird.
Drew Babin: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. First question, just kind of going back to Nick's question on MetLife; the expense growth was relatively high in that JV, to your point about kind of working with MetLife you control the expenses, is there anything in that you might do differently if you're in 100% control of the property, or is there anything that can be done on the expense side, or is that kind of just an outsized impact from 421 in New York?
Tom Herzog: Some of it's outsized impact, some of it's also is real estate tax, timing of real estate tax refunds last year versus this year, and you really need to see a full year and not judge it purely on a quarter. But you will find also in some of these locations where there is heavy new supply, things like personnel growth, because in places where there is heavy new supply, you're constant competition to get the best employees to work for you. So that can drive that number up to. But I can tell you this, we typically attempt on any initiatives that we're rolling out for expense reductions, whatever we do for UDR, we typically do UDR wholly-owned we typically do with MetLife portfolio also.
Drew Babin: Makes sense, and then secondly just looking at private equity appetite for real estate assets, obviously there's been a very strong bid for theoretically more stable suburban properties with home properties and associated states being bought Starwood buying to our portfolio et cetera. What are you seeing in these eight markets in TBDs in terms of who is looking at assets, are you receiving any interests externally from any of the large private equity players, was their appetite kind of more geared towards stable, more stable assets with theoretically higher yields?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. I think on the -- you have a sort of a by and large a bifurcated buyer class between the main and main class A assets, which are going to be pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and we're starting to see an influx of investment from Canada from the Middle East and Asia. And perhaps to a lesser degree the private equity funds typically have slightly higher IRR hurdles than these others. And therefore while they do they buckets of money that would lend itself to buying A properties, they tend to buy kind of buy A minus properties primarily. At least that's what you've seen historically. That's what we're seeing now that, that there is both asset classes we are seeing very deep buyer pools, which has obviously positively impacted asset pricing. In terms of others sort of reaching out to us, that's something that happens routinely, whether it's from private equity firms or sovereign wealth firms or other buyers, and that happens routinely at really at all points in the cycle.
Tom Herzog: Nick and Drew; if Nick you're still on the call, I want to loop back on the Met thing, a couple of points occurred to me and I was just looking at this notes. Just a reminder, that's 10% of our NOI, you know, we're consistently treated at, and sometimes it's better and sometimes it's worse than the wholly-owned portfolio. But what I look at and we go over every year with our Board, our IRR is going to returns on our investments from beginning to the end. And it's a good thorough review, and I'm just looking at the math coming up on its sixth year that we've been co-investing with them in this JV, and the IRRs are now at better than 15.5%. So I think it's been a very good investment, a very good relationship, and one that we look forward to continuing in the future.
Drew Babin: That's helpful, thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors.
John Pawlowski: Jerry, thanks for the operating update for April in New York; could you share a new lease and renewal growth trends for April in San Francisco, and what you're seeing heading into May?
Jerry Davis: Sure. I don't have May on me right now, but in April, San Francisco's new was 2.8%, and renewals were fairly stable with where they were in the first quarter at 7.5%.
John Pawlowski: Thanks. And lastly, what drove the decision to sell the two land partials in California?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. Two projects are in Santa Monica, they both had sort of retail type operating assets on the partials, and as we pursue the re-entitlement of those sites over the past several years, it became obvious to us that the city was not going to sort of cooperate and allow a re-zoning of those assets, and so we sold them to retail units.
John Pawlowski: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And we will now next to Jana Galan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jana Galan: Thank you. Jerry, I really appreciate the market outlook for supply and job growth. Do you think that we also need to see wage growth accelerate to continue the success you had in your renewal increases?
Jerry Davis: I don't think it would hurt obviously. I still think even with the wage growth that we've been having over the last several years, we've seen, and with going on with the rent growth we've had. We still have rent to income level that's pretty consistent with where it has been at about 23%. And we haven't seen a huge spike in turnover. So we're not driving many more people out because of rent growth, but yes, I think anytime you can see some wage growth improvement, that's helpful. I'd say a couple of things that have helped somewhat is for our suburban, especially B renters, lower gas prices have kind of supplemented their wage growth. And I think when you look at the more urban dwellers, I don't think again it's so much wage growth that's affecting us there. It's their ability to jump to new lease-up, but I'm never going to argue against wage growth. When you see indications that whether it's California, or different cities in California, or Seattle has done rents in the minimum wages to $15, even though to put a little bit of expense pressure maybe on operators like us, because it will drive -- even though we don't have many people that makes below $15 an hour for an unskilled job. When you have skills that will spread that gap up, I think overall -- I think wage growth like that's going to be good for our sector, and would help us continue to drive rate.
Jana Galan: Thank you. That's it from me.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Jana.
Operator: We will go next to Rob Stevenson with Janney.
Rob Stevenson: Thanks. Jerry, in Tampa and Orlando, at this rate, how long do you expect to be able to keep this up and is there is a situation where you worry about -- now, it's sort of $1200 a month rent for largely class B products that you're getting into the point where people can afford townhouses and condos in those markets and you could start seeing some move out and accelerate?
Jerry Davis: I mean, you always worry about that, and you have worried about that in the past. Today, about 15%, little over 15% of our move outs in Tampa are to purchase homes. So it's not huge. That people that qualify for the homes want to have to own a home, and I do think in that market you can see high single-digit new and renewal growth for a long period of time. I don't think it's going to last forever. I think it's been a very good multiyear run. I think it can use to run for another year or two, because we're not been affected by new supply. Job growth has been better than in the past. It's been higher quality biotech and medical jobs that have been coming to places like Orlando. But now, do I think it can continue at the levels that it's at today for multiple years? I don't think so, but I don't think it decelerates rapidly in 2017 either.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then Harry…
Tom Herzog: On a lighter note, I think Jerry is going to give all our existing residents a Netflix account and send them the big short movie.
Rob Stevenson: Harry, in terms of land, I mean, how aggressive have you guys been these days, and is there anything reasonably priced in your core markets, or is it now sort of going to condo developers and other bidders at higher levels that you guys are comfortable buying land for future development?
Harry Alcock: Well, I guess there's a couple of things; one, we're continuing to look at land size in markets where we historically have built on the coast, and in addition we're continuing to work through the MetLife land bank and we've got projects in Seattle and in L.A. in the East Bay, and expect it will continue to grind through those and expect to start some of those over the next couple of years. Really you should think about it, the sites that we are looking at, these are going to be sort of late '17, and 2018 starts. And so, when we are looking at the fundamentals of these markets, where we have declining supply, really in '17 and '18, these are going to be '19 and '20 deliveries. But to answer your question specifically it is somewhat more challenging. Clearly, the number of percentage of projects that pencil today is much lower than it had been historically, but we expect to continue to find enough projects both externally and within our MetLife JV, using consistent underwriting standards without any type of aggressive rent growth assumptions. So we'll continue to maintain similar development pipeline as we have historically, and fit within our 900 million to a billion core type target.
Rob Stevenson: Does this force you to do more sort of Santa Monica type of things, where you have to buy stuff on the anticipation that you could try to get re-zone and take that sort of risk out there these days in order to find site?
Harry Alcock: Not necessarily. It doesn't mean that we won't a little bit of that. Again, we try to manage the amount of sort of preconstruction risk we take, but for example, if you look at a market like Boston, where we just started a project and therefore we would expect to start the next project sometime in two or three years, clearly, if we found that an adequate site, it's conceivable that we would take some entitlement risk. But we don't necessarily think that's something that we are going to have to do a lot of.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Lewis with SunTrust.
Michael Lewis: Hi. Thank you. You talked quite a bit about supply peaking everywhere, but New York in 2016, and I was just wondering how comfortable you are that 2016 will be the peak supply year, because as long as you have strong fundamentals, higher occupancy, positive rent growth, low cap rates, it may entice more people to build, it's working for you right, so it might work for others. So, just curious what your thoughts are on that?
Tom Toomey: Michael, this is Toomey. A very good question, and one thing that we alluded to a couple of years, when we saw the banking industry becoming further and further consolidated and regulated is we realized the impact would be -- as the Fed would have the ability to choke off construction loads. And what we are currently seeing in the marketplace and if you talk to private developers is securing a loan for new development in the multifamily space is getting very, very difficult. And you are going to see them less in deals, because it's going to require more equity, there is going to be less proceeds out of construction, and tougher underwriting. I think that combined with the transparency of operating environment and cities difficulties around zoning and entitlement processes is going to slow it down a great deal. And I didn't hear any development in the last three months, talking with a lot of private guys that said, "Hey, we think we are going to do more business in '17 than we are doing right now." Everybody looks at it and says, "We are pulling back. We will be enforced to pull back, and we will have to re-look at our numbers and come up with more equity." So I think that's going to be the biggest choke point about new supply and it's certainly not the demand side of the equation, it is certainly there, and we will persist for many more years. It's the supply is going to choke down.
Michael Lewis: Thanks. And that's actually a good -- your answer does lead into my second question, which is you have an outlook out there through 2017, do you think by the time we get to the end of that outlook, this dynamic between the suburbs outperforming the center city and B's doing better than A's, do you think that dynamic will start to shift by the end of 2017, or do you think will still be an environment like that?
Tom Toomey: Well, you are asking a very broad question, and it's hard to draw a blanket over the whole U.S. We can take individual markets and probably take it offline and go through those, but my view on long-term is that a lot of developers are moving out to the suburbs, where they are building kind of an A minus product to a price point sensitive customer, and they are going to be able to put up a lot more doors quicker in that type of environment. And the suburbs by the time '17 arrives will be probably turning over. I think they are going to be a good spot for '16 and '17, but after that I would suspect that they are going to start seeing the same supply pressures that we are seeing in some of the urban markets today. And so, they will probably start turning over then.
Michael Lewis: Great, thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb: Hey. Thank you, and sorry, I hopped on late this busy earning day. So if you answered this, I apologize. But on the Santa Monica land, did you guys say how long you owned that land for?
Tom Toomey: Alex, we bought it in the second half of 2012; so, about three and half years.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And just given that you guys, you know the coastal markets well, was it just something, did -- was the pushback on the entitlement changed much -- was it much different than you originally thought, or you always thought it would be a difficult one to get done and you were just willing to buy it and see if you could get it done?
Tom Toomey: Well, Alex, at the time that we acquired it, that was a -- Santa Monica was granting these re-zoning types of projects that would allow for a certain density in a lot of these sites. Shortly after we acquired it, the city basically shutdown, and I remember in the year 2014, they issued something like 50 total building permits. And so, basically over the three years, it became obvious to us that we were not going to get these sites re-zoned anytime soon, given that they had existing retail uses, and we had retail buyers available, we decided to get rid of them.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay. And do you have any other in the rest of the portfolio, any land positions, anything that's sort of comparable?
Tom Toomey: No.
Alexander Goldfarb: Okay, thank you.
Tom Herzog: Alex, I should add one thing.
Alexander Goldfarb: Sure.
Tom Herzog: Just keep in mind on those two small land assets that had a little bit of retail on top of them. We did ultimately sell them both at gain. So, for what it's worth, there were some gains, but it was more gain.
Alexander Goldfarb: Gains are good. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hey, guys, it's Austin here again. Just one quick follow-up, Jerry, I was wondering if you could give a little color, your thoughts on some of the rental rate moratorium and other regulations that we have seen in Northern California, particularly with regard to the vintage of your Northern California portfolio.
Jerry Davis: Yes, you know there have been a few things that have come up, there were some meetings last week, or the week before in San Mateo that talked about properties built I think before 1980, or -- it's 20 to 30-year-old product, but it seemed like it got shot down pretty quickly, but I can tell you this, our two deals in San Mateo are older than that. So if it's passed, those potentially would be affected. The other ones that we've heard about, but we are not directly affected are -- I think it was a 90-day restriction on renewal growth in Oakland, and not positive effect, past just talked about, just directly affect us. And then the other one that was getting talked about I believe was in San Jose, you know, putting a -- moving the cap on renewals on rent control buildings, I think was going from 8% to 5%. Ours is not a rent control building. So I don't think it would have any effect on us in San Jose, and our asset there is a little bit newer. So at this point, I think the only one that potentially in the future could affect us if it did get passed, but again it seems like it shot down pretty quickly by City Council in San Mateo.
Austin Wurschmidt: Great. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: At this time, there are no other questions in the queue. I will turn it back to Tom Toomey for any closing remarks.
Tom Toomey: Well, thank you all of you for attempting, for being on this call today, I know it was a long call, but I thought it was very fruitful to have a good dialog and go through the markets in detail. A reminder to you as I listen to the questions and reading the call notes, a lot of you is right now on focus on the short-term, and really we are focused on the long-term aspects of the business, which do not remain anything, but positive. The demographics are on our side. The supply/demand curve is on our supply side to be able to execute our strategy, deliver solid growing cash flow and paying dividends. And so, I think the construct of the business is great, where we're from a strategic standpoint of being in the markets we're in, the mix of portfolios and the management team to execute on that. And so, we think the future is very bright. We think just as we've always tried to be very transparent about the operations of the business, when you back up and you look at the end results of the cash flow growth, the prospects for the balance of the year in '17 as well, we're very excited about those prospects and eager to just keep working on those. And so with that, I will close, and we thank you and look forward to seeing many of you in the next conferences over the next couple of months. Take care.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 15:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelby Noble - Senior Director, IR Tom Toomey - President and CEO Tom Herzog - CFO Jerry Davis - COO Harry Alcock - SVP, Asset Management
Analysts: Nick Joseph - Citigroup Jana Galan - Bank of America Ian Weissman - Credit Suisse Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Nick Yulico - UBS John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Rob Stevenson - Janney Capital Markets Dan Oppenheim - Zelman & Associates Rich Anderson - Mizuho Security John Kim - BMO Capital Market Greg Van Winkle - Morgan Stanley Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Market
Operator: Good day and welcome to UDR's Fourth Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Shelby Noble. Please go ahead.
Shelby Noble: Welcome to UDR's fourth quarter financial results conference call. Our fourth quarter press release, supplemental disclosure package and updated two years strategic outlook document were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirement. Prior to reading our Safe Harbor disclosure, I would like to direct you to the webcast of this call located in the Investor Relations section of our website www.udr.com. The webcast includes a slide presentation that will accompany our two year strategic outlook commentary. On the Safe Harbor, statements made during this call which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion we ask you that you be respectable of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that do not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Shelby and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to UDR's fourth quarter and 2016 and 2017 strategic plan update conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A. During this call we will present our updated two year strategic outlook as we have done in the last three years. In 2015 we again met or exceeded all primary objectives of our strategic plan as to-date have meaningfully outperformed in each of our prior plans. Tom will address this outperformance and the next two years strategic outlook in detail later in the call. Turning to 2015, it was another great year for UDR and we continue to see strength in all aspects of our business. A quick recap of the team's accomplishments during the year. First our operations continue to run on all cylinders and delivered strong same store results across the board. With same store NOI growth of 6.7% a full 220 basis points ahead of our initial expectation. Second we delivered over $300 million of development which leased up well and we expect to hit our targeted returns of 6.2% or better at stabilization. Third we entered into two accretive problem solving transactions, mainly the $559 million West Coast development Joint venture and the $901 million Washington, D.C. acquisition in which we kept to our principles of self funding accretive cash flow growth and continued strengthening of our balance sheet. Last we grew AFFO per share by 12%, a strong rate, which resulted in a 7% dividend increase and meaningful consensus NAV per share growth of 15%. We continue to believe that growth in these two metrics translates to the strong total shareholder returns over time. Looking towards the future. We feel very positive about our business and our prospects. Multifamily fundamentals remain extraordinarily strong. The positive demographic trends amongst our prime renters, the 22 to 35 year old population cohorts, is expected to grow through 2030 and is not reversible. This coupled with steady job growth, gives us confidence that our operating platform which is our primary driver of our cash flow growth should continue to generate impressive results in the future. Our self funded development pipeline is expected to generate the incremental cash flow and value creation we originally forecasted. Expected additions to the pipeline in 2016 will maintain our targeted size at $900 million to $1.4 billion and our forecast to be highly accretive. Our ability to fund this pipeline with asset sales largely reduces our dependency on capital markets and as we stated in prior years, we'll continue to focus on improving our debt metrics. In summary, there remains a long runway for growth of UDR and we have the right plan and team in place to capitalize on the opportunity. With that I'd like to express my sincere thanks to all my fellow UDR associates for their hard work in producing another strong year of results. We look forward to a great 2016. And now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Herzog: Thanks, Tom. Our fourth quarter earnings results were in line with our previously provided guidance. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.41, $0.42 and $0.37, respectively. Fourth quarter same store revenue expense and NOI growth remained strong at 6.2%, 5.2% and 6.6% respectively. For full year 2015 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $1.66, $1.67 and $1.51, respectively. Full year same store revenue expense and NOI growth are 5.6%, 3.0%, and 6.7%, exhibited continued strong demand for apartments and above our initial expectations provided last February. At year end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity was $987 million, our financial leverage on an undepreciated cost basis was 34.6%. Based on our current market cap, it is approximately 26% and inclusive of JVs it was approximately 30%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 5.7 times and inclusive of JVs was 6.7 times. All balance sheet metric improvements were ahead of plan. On to first quarter and full year 2016 guidance; full year 2016 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share is forecasted at $1.75 to $1.81, $1.75 to $1.81 and $1.59 to $1.65, respectively. For same-store our full year 2016 revenue growth guidance is 5.5% to 6.0%, expense 3.0% to 3.5% and NOI 6.5% to 7.0%. Average 2016 occupancy is forecasted at 96.6%. Other primary full year guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15, or Page 28 of our supplement. First quarter 2016, FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance is $0.42 to $0.44, $0.42 to $0.44 and $0.40 to $0.42, respectively. Finally, with our release today, we've increased our 2016 annualized dividend to $1.18 per share, a 6% increase from 2015 and represented a yield of approximately 3.25%. With that I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks I will cover the following topics. First, our fourth quarter portfolio metrics, leasing trends and the continued success we've realized in pushing runaway growth again this quarter and into January. Second, the performance of our primary markets during the quarter, and expectations for 2016. And last, a brief update on our lease-up developments and the Washington D.C. acquisition. We're pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. Our fourth quarter same-store revenue growth of 6.2%, was driven by an increase in revenue per occupied home of 6.5% year-over-year to $1,794 per month, while same store occupancy of 96.5%, was 30 basis points lower versus the prior year period. Our fourth quarter strategy of holding rates high along with aggressive rate increases throughout 2015 benefits us in 2016, as we entered the year with almost 2.75% of our revenue growth already baked into our rent roll. Our robust full year same store revenue growth of 5.6% was driven by 5.5% increase in revenue for occupied homes and flat occupancy. We see a strong growth rate growth continuing in 2016. Turning to new and renewal lease rate growth which is detailed on Attachment 8-G of our supplement. We continue to push rate in the fourth quarter, new lease growth totaled 3.8% or 170 basis points ahead of the fourth quarter of 2014. Renewal growth remained resilient, improving 170 basis points year-over-year to 7%. This year-over-year acceleration was accomplished with only a 40 basis point increase in fourth quarter turnover. Next, move-outs to home purchase were up 120 basis points year-over-year at 14% in line with our long-term average. Importantly our full year 2015 turnover rate increased by just 20 basis points versus the full year 2014. Even with renewal increases at a seasonally strong 7%, only 7% of our move-outs gave rent increase as the reason for living in the fourth quarter. However, we expect turnover to increase roughly a 100 basis points in 2016 as our revenue growth is highly predicated on the rate growth and not year-over-year occupancy gains. Moving on to quarterly performance in our primary markets, which represent 69% of same-store NOI and 75% of our total NOI. Metro DC, which represents 18% of our total NOI posted positive full year revenue growth of 1.7%. We expect improving full year revenue growth in 2016 of around 2.5%, as we continue to benefit from our diverse exposure of 50% B assets and 50% A assets located both inside and outside of LA. Orange County and Los Angeles combined represent 15.4% of our total NOI. Orange County posted sequential revenue growth of 160 basis points and continues to outperform our budgeted expectations early in 2016. LA is materially stronger due to our heavy concentration in the Marina Del Rey submarket as new jobs have continued to migrate to this highly desirable submarket. Fourth quarter revenue growth in LA was an impressive 10.2%. Our current expectation is that both of these markets will generate revenue growth in the 7% range in 2016. New York City, which represents 12% of our total NOI, posted full year revenue growth of 5.6%. We saw seasonal weakness in the fourth quarter and early January, but future trends are pointing to strength within our submarkets. We continue to expect new jobs in technology, finance and media, which will benefit our Lower Manhattan properties. Our 2016 forecasted revenue growth of 6% is above 2015. I would remind everyone that View 34, is on same-store approval beginning in the first quarter of 2016. San Francisco and San Jose, which represent 11% of our total NOI, posted full year revenue growth of 9.7%. Although we saw weakness in the fourth quarter it is indicative of the first quarter and fourth quarter seasonality that we have seen in this market in the past. With that said, we believe this weakness is possibly more than just seasonal and do not expect this market to post for double digit revenue growth that it has in recent years and we have forecast a deceleration in 2016 to revenue growth of 8% or so. Future trends are slowly improving from what we saw in the fourth quarter but we are keeping a close eye on the job growth and absorption levels within our submarkets. Keep in mind San Francisco job growth has been above 4.5% for the past few years. Axiometrics' current forecast calls for job growth to decelerate to 2.5% to 3% but still well above the national average of 1.75% to 2%. Seattle, which represents 6% of our total NOI benefitted from strong growth from suburban B assets who are less exposed to new supply than A assets Downtown. Although new supply will challenge us somewhat in Downtown Seattle and to a lesser degree in Bellevue we expect 2016 to be slightly below our 2015 numbers or roughly 7% growth. Boston which represents 7% of our total NOI, should continue to see new supply pressure downtown but our suburban assets in the north and south shores should fare well to lead better in 2016. Long-term we like downtown submarket and look to continue to grow through development in this submarket. Most recently GE announced the relocation of their global headquarters to the Seaport district. This will bring another 800 jobs into the submarket which should directly benefit our 369-home, 100 Pier 4 community and our future 345 Harrison development in Boston South End. Our forecast calls for revenue growth to accelerate slightly from the 5.5% growth posted in 2015. Last Dallas, which represents 5% of our total NOI, posted 5.1% year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. We expect new supply pressure in uptown and Plano in 2016. January results indicate that these submarkets are performing slightly better than initial budgeted expectations and 2016 revenue growth is projected to improve to roughly 5.5% from 5% in 2015. As you can see on the Attachment 7-B of our supplement, our 320-home Los Alisos community located in Orange County, our 196-home Waterscape community located in Seattle and our 740-home View 34 community located in New York City are joining the same-store pool in the first quarter of 2016. Turning to our in lease-up developments; Katella Grand I our 399-home, $538 million lease-up in Anaheim, California in the West Coast development JV was 16% occupied at quarter end and as of today is 20% occupied and 27% leased. We are currently offering less than one month of concessions at this community and leasing has been very strong in January with 25 applications. CityLine, our 244-home, $80 million lease-up in Seattle, Washington was 9% occupied at quarter end. We are on budget and meeting our lease-up expectations. Finally, 399 Fremont our 447-home $318 million lease-up in San Francisco began leasing during the fourth quarter. At quarter end we were just 2% leased and today we are over 10% leased with rents exceeding pro forma. We will have our first new rents in March of 2016. Now a quick update on the Washington, D.C. acquisition. We are three months into owning these communities and everything is going as according to plan. Currently we're making CapEx improvements to two of the properties to either cure deferred maintenance or drive a higher return through revenue enhancing improvements. And we still expect these communities to perform in line with our D.C. portfolio this year with revenue growth right around 2.5%. Currently we would expect five of the six communities in this portfolio to enter our same-store pool in the first quarter of 2017. With that I will remind those listening that there is a link to our updated two year strategic outlook document on the Investor Relations page of our website. We'll pause for a moment so that everyone can gather the two year outlook materials. Well I'll now turn the call back over to Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thanks, Jerry, and please turn to Page 3 for some high level thoughts. Firstly we view this year's update as continuation of the last three plans. We believe this continues to be the right path for UDR, here's why. The plan's primary objective is to drive high quality cash flow growth, while incrementally improving our balance sheet and portfolio. In other words consistent sustainable growth that is funded in a safe low risk manner. We believe that successful execution of these objectives will drive strong total shareholder return. There are four key points I'd like to highlight, why we think there's a long runway of accretive growth ahead. First, fundamentals; you've seen plenty of published data on this and clearly demographics, supply-demand characteristics are in our favor and any good business that has good growth for a number of years means solid fundamentals. The second is strategic position, where do we start. Well we're in 20 markets, 50% A and B quality mix. We like this position. We think it solves for the number one critical element of any future growth, which is the positioning of our portfolio such that our residents will continue to be able to grow to pay higher rents. And third is the team and the skills. Operationally we continue to innovate, invest in technology and training programs all of which are designed to increase our margins, which now stand above 70% at the NOI line, extraordinary for any business. On the development side, we'll remain focused on looking at our risk adjusted returns and staying disciplined. Third is problem solving, clearly we operate in a cyclical economy and along that line there will be challenges and opportunities. We have a team that is very experienced of managing through these cycles if not anticipating these cycles and these opportunities. Certainly I feel confident that the team has the ability to capitalize on these opportunities as they become available. And lastly and just as important is managing risk. And we see ourselves managing this through first our diversity of our market mix, our discipline around our development and certainly a continued improving balance sheet set of metrics and lastly our transparency and disclosure and communication style. We believe these main objectives can continue our cash flow growth and optimizing our total shareholder return. We remain fully focused on executing them. With that I will turn over Tom to discuss in detail the updated outlook.
Tom Herzog: Please turn to Page 4, as Tom mentioned earlier we have met or exceeded all of our primary financial and operational objectives to-date, as set forth in our prior three year plans published in 2013, 2014 and 2015. In particular our same-store growth and development deliveries have outperformed over the past three years and have served as primary drivers of our better than expected cash flow growth and improvements in balance sheet metrics. Turning to Page 5, perhaps the most critical driver of UDR's value creation strategy is our best-in-class operations. We're continuously implementing new revenue growth and cost efficiency initiatives throughout the organization to improve how we do business. As noted on this page, we have consistently produced better overall top line growth versus peers and the U.S. average since the initiation of our three year plan in 2013. During this time we've grown our total revenue per occupied home by 26%, increased occupancy by 100 basis points, reduced turnover by 310 basis points and improved our NOI margins by 220 basis points. So, how are we maintaining our operational advantage and how do we intend to keep it in the future? Please turn to Page 6, many who listen to this call are familiar with the primary revenue generation and expense control initiatives that are underway. These along with potential future initiatives are presented in the table on this page. Importantly all of our growth and efficiency initiatives have one thing in common, to either provide our customer wanted service or allow our associates to do their jobs better. Current initiatives should continue to drive our bottom line and our list of potential future initiatives is extensive. Please turn to Page 7. This page lists some of our operational projects that have been implemented over the past couple of years and their impact on our NOI. As is evident, we have made solid progress in each initiative to-date and our bottom line has benefited greatly. We will continue to capture additional NOI efficiencies from these initiatives. Operations have been and will continue to be a significant competitive advantage for us. This is not just because of our superior blocking and tackling in the field, but also because of the creativity of our operations team employs to continuously improve the business. Turning now to capital allocation and development on Page 8. Development remains a vital component of our value creation strategy. While not as many deals penciled in today's environment, development remains accretive and will continue to be a primary means through which we continuously improve our portfolio. At year end our underway development totaled $670 million for which the equity requirement was 55% funded. Additionally, our share of the West Coast development joint venture going in value was $271 million, towards a 100% of equity has been funded. This pipeline is concentrated in our primary coastal markets. Inclusive of the West Coast development JV, we expect to deliver $375 million and $220 million of projects in 2016 and 2017, respectively. Our annual targeted spend of $400 million to $500 million per year and our targeted trended spread versus cap rate of 150 to 200 basis points have not changed. While construction costs continue to increase so do rents. To mitigate market risk around new development projects, we employ the following disciplines. First, prior to development financing, we generally seek and title land, demand full drawings and a GMAX contract, thereby locking in costs and reducing risks. Second, we diversify our geographic exposure. Our goal is commence a new development in a target market as the previous development is leasing up. Third, we utilize conservative top line growth assumptions to underwrite our projects. And lastly, we deploy our self-funded strategy to fund our development pipeline and reduce the payment fee on capital markets. Through our free cash flow and non-core asset sales, we can fully fund our annual development spend. In other words, we are match funding our risks as we recycle older, non-core assets to develop new core assets in our primary markets. In 2016 and 2017, we’ll continue to mine our current land bank as well as at new land sites. We are planning two to three starts in 2016, which include one large wholly owned project 345 Harrison in Boston and one or two smaller 50-50 JVs with MetLife. As of year-end 2015, our shadow pipeline was approximately $900 million at our pro rata ownership and represented $425 million to $475 million of value creation assuming current spreads. Please turn to Page 9. We anticipate that on full stabilization, which occurs at different periods for each project, the pipeline of underway and completed developments is expected to generate accretion of $0.07 per share with growth thereafter. On an NAV basis, we expect our pipeline to generate $1.75 per share at stabilization approximately 35% to 40% value creation over costs. Page 10 exhibits some of our recent developments. Please turn to Page 11. As focused as we are on operations and development, maintaining a strong balance sheet along with a self funded plan is just as important. We exceeded the balance sheet metric goals provided in our 2013, 2014 and 2015 strategic plans. We expect further improvements in 2016 and 2017. This has also been acknowledged by the rating agencies. In 2014 we received a credit upgrade for Moody’s to Baa1 and 2015 received an upgrade from S&P to BBB+. On the capital markets front our 2016 or 2017 capital needs will be funded through a combination of asset sales and new equity and debt of which we’ll utilize the most advantageous source depending on our strategic objectives, market conditions and pricing at the time the capital is needed. Please turn to Page 12. In 2015, our AFFO per share growth was a strong 11%. In 2016, AFFO per share growth is expected to average in the 6% to 9% range. This growth will continue to be driven primarily by favorable same-store growth and development earn-in and these will be partially offset by a few items, including non-core dispositions, higher expected interest rates and 421-A and 421-G property tax impacts. In 2017, AFFO per share growth is expected to be in the 5% to 8% range. This 100 basis points delta is primarily due to lower same-store assumptions. As in our prior strategic plans, we rely on land third-party data providers for our future growth expectations in the out years. And of note these estimates have proven conservative in the last several years and our team has been able to outperform. We expect the business to drive 9% to 11% NAV growth in 2016 and 8% to 10% NAV growth in 2017. Please turn to Page 13. This page provides our 2016 guidance, initial 2017 expectations and detailed modeling assumptions. In 2017, we're expecting solid same store and cash flow growth based on still strong third-party job growth expectations against moderating new multi-family supply growth in our markets. In addition, our expected asset sales and the entrance to our same store pool in 2016 and 2017, will enhance our same store mix toward higher growth markets. And finally Page 14. Our 2016 top line growth assumptions for our markets are presented on the map. We expect the West Coast and Southeast to grow at a rate above the portfolio average. The Mid-Atlantic will continue to perform below the portfolio average but we'll improve slightly, and is still expected to outperform relative to our peers due to our 50-50 mix of As and Bs in D.C. and less direct exposure to new supply inside the [Beltway]. With that I'll turn it open for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph of Citigroup.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. I'm just wondering, what the two year plan assumes for the broader macroeconomic environment and has it baked in any sort of recession over the next 24 months?
Jerry Davis: Nick this is Jerry. We really look at the Axio and Moody's data to start with, what they are forecasting is continuation of job growth, not too far off from what it was in 2015, call it a little over 200,000 per month. Supply is going to impact this year, probably a little bit more than it did last year and then in '17, there is a drop-off. So we look at the macro data and then we start looking at specific submarkets where we operate and take into account, how directly we're going to be affected by that. In addition, when you really go through -- actually there's a few other things to consider. We'll continue to spend about $35 million to probably low $40 million in revenue enhancing improvements to our properties that will add probably between 15 and 25 basis points into 2017 and probably about that much in 2016. And as we look further out into 2017, there's probably only a couple of markets that look to us, like they would be decelerating from the growth rates that we anticipate in 2016. Those are Northern California, Seattle for the most part and then we see some that we think are going to be improving and that would be the Mid-Atlantic, we also see Boston most likely improving for us. And then the rest of our portfolio whether it SoCal or the Sunbelt, we would expect to be modestly down And when you blend all that together it takes you from our midpoint this year of about 5.75% growth down to that 5%. So, again we don't really anticipate a recession, we don't claim to be economists. We subscribe to what they say but that's how we're looking at the business.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. And then, you clearly benefited from strong operating trends and the developments delivering ahead of expectations, but I am a little surprised that you expected 2016 core FFO growth isn't higher, given the expected same-store NOI growth, the benefit of the two accretive 2015 transactions and the benefit of leverage. So could you walk through what is driving expected core FFO growth, that's actually below expected same-store NOI growth for 2016?
Tom Herzog: Yes. Sure Nick, this is Tom Herzog. To your point, the same-store comes in at a $0.12 positive number, development comes in at $0.02 which is lower than what we had in 2015 and that's purely due to timing on what got delivered. In 2015, we had [Channel], View 34, 27 Seventy Five, 2016 we're looking at Pier 4, Beach & Ocean, which has got some drags from 399 Pac City, Jamboree, 3033 and Domain Mountain View, all great projects but at this point there's some drag. So that lowered the development by a bit from what we would have seen in 2015. Some of the items there would have leaned against the FFO growth relative to the NOI. It would have been, floating interest rates are up about 40 basis points in our model as a penny. The average revolver balance is going to be down some call it $150 million or so that's a penny and a half and that was just due to the timing of that mid September debt issuance. The tax benefit goes from $3.9 million to $1.5 million and that's a penny. [Non-interest] exchanges picks up another penny. And then to your point earlier that is partially offset by the accretive West Coast JV and some accretion on the Home transaction, those are all the moving parts. This is as we'd have expected our core and basic growth going forward is just as strong, but we just had a few items that caused FFO to come in a little bit lower relative to the same-store.
Nick Joseph: Thanks. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jana Galan of Bank of America.
Jana Galan: Thank you. I was wondering if you could expand upon the comments you'd made earlier on the first quarter softness in San Francisco and San Jose that what you're seeing that could mean that it could be more than just seasonal?
Jerry Davis: Yes, it's hard to tell at this point in time. We did see or have some occupancy and pricing power pressures in the fourth quarter, but as we rolled into January we started to see signs of improvement. Now new lease rate growth in the fourth quarter was 5.2%, renewal growth was 9.3%. As we look at January, our January new leases are up 4.2% in San Francisco and San Jose and that compares to 3.3% in December, so it is improving. And our January renewals are still well above 8% at 8.4%, our occupancies at 97, so it has strengthened. Now as we look at job growth which is the primary concern in those markets right now it's been running about 4.5% for the past couple of years and when we have talked Axiometrics, they are forecasting for job growth to decelerate to 2.5% to 3% and while that's about a 150 basis points to 200 basis points deceleration, it is still well above the national average of job growth of 1.75% to 2%. So we like to think it's all seasonal. We are going to know in the next 60 days if it is and over the last three to five years there has probably been two or three times in the first quarter when I grew concerned about the strength of San Francisco only to see things turnaround as we got into the month of March and April. So it's just a little bit early to tell, but on the ground we are not seeing any significant job loss from any single employers and as I've said as we've come out of the fourth quarter and entered the first quarter we have seen fundamental starts to strengthen again.
Jana Galan: Thank you, Jerry. And then on the operational initiatives, very impressive to get to your [20%] NOI margins. I guess how much room is left in terms of reducing days vacant or maintenance staff efficiencies?
Jerry Davis: I think days vacant we have gone from about 26 days to 20, we are not going to be able to get it much lower, I don’t think, call it maybe another two days but we have been chopping a day, day and half of each of the last three to four years. It's starting to slow a bit. The only thing you can do to reduce it quicker is to cut rates that's how you can really move to compartment homes and we are more focused on driving rates. So we will let that vacant day stay about where it is. On the staffing efficiency I think we can continue to drive that metric even better. There is a few things technologically, we are working with our property management software provider to help us go to the next step on. But I would tell you as we created our expense budgets for 2016, we do have our repairs and maintenance coming in at flat once again and this is probably going to be the further fourth straight year that it's been negative to positive -- negative or up 1%. So we've kept that under pretty good control while we've been able to achieve turnover that's remained flat. So we use those guys times not just to push price down but to enhance service, which helps us maintain a steady turnover.
Jana Galan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Weissman of Credit Suisse.
Ian Weissman: Hi, yes. Good afternoon. How are you doing? Did you guys put out I guess guidance for the year about budgeted spend of $550 million to $700 million combination of debt equity and sale proceeds I think for the balance of this year? And maybe you could just talk about the attractiveness of the each in this environment as we sit here today.
Tom Herzog: Ian it's Herzog here again. I think about it this way. If we are looking at debt let's just start there. Typically we are going to use substitute debt to refinance debt that's maturing and that might be coming in at the call it 4.2, 4.3 range in our model, would be cheaper right now. So I think the debt in terms of that type of the cost on an unsecured basis that's on a 10 year. Let's go to equity. Equity, I am going to look at an AFFO yield on a current year basis and just based off of AFFO projected for the midpoint of today's share price that comes in at about 4.5% current. Of course we are going to add growth for that so I have to look at it on a cost of equity basis and that's probably going to be somewhere just shy of probably 8% or something like that on the cost of equity basis. And then you move to sales of assets and again on current yield they depend on what cap rate of assets that we are selling, I think our sales for 2015 came in at a 5.8% cap rate. Jerry is that correct?
Jerry Davis: Yes.
Tom Herzog: 5.8%. But again it depends on the mix of what we are selling and as we think about how we fund our business, the debt maturities, which are rather modest over the next couple of years probably comes from refinancing of debt. When you think about the development spend, call the development spend $500 million including re-debt, including land, we can fully self fund as I said in my scripted remarks through a free cash flow, through our 1031 exchanges on land and on a portion of our development spend that the balance funded through sales and gain capacity out of our $125 million, $130 million. So if we choose to we can fund the entire development spend on a self funded basis and our debt maturities through re-fies. In the mean time we have a $1 billion of capacity right now on our revolver in cash. So, again that percent of our business being quite self funded. But when you look at each decision as it comes to pass during the year against these various forms of capital, those are the different decisions that we -- those are the different data points that we look at and we make a decision on how to fund the activities.
Ian Weissman: I guess the question now in terms of asset sales today if you just think about the window of opportunity, do you think that window has changed in this environment?
Tom Herzog: Jerry do you want to take that?
Jerry Davis: Sure, this is Jerry. So, for asset sales, right now there's still a tremendous amount of capital chasing assets. A assets, B assets, cap rates are very favorable, capital is readily available to acquire these assets, but we don't see that changing any time soon. Debt remains readily available, cash flows continue to grow and we're seeing investors, not just pension funds but also sovereign wealth funds, FIRPTA changes potentially have opened up additional investment in U.S. real estate to foreign entities. So, at this point, the disposition market continues to be very liquid.
Ian Weissman: And just lastly, just to clarify, your $500 million of development spend, what does that imply for starts this year, if I missed that?
Jerry Davis: Yes, we're going to have two to three starts this year, 345 Harrison in Boston and then one to two other JV starts with MetLife.
Tom Herzog: In terms of dollars that will be somewhere in the neighborhood of $350 million to $450 million, which is very consistent with our starts every year since 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Sadler of KeyBanc.
Austin Wurschmidt: Hi, good afternoon, it's Austin Wurschmidt here. I was just curious given the continued focus on driving rate in 2016, does the 2017 outlook assume a similar level of revenue, I guess is earned-in headed into 2017 as you entered 2016?
Jerry Davis: Austin this is Jerry. I would expect it to be a little bit less. We do not anticipate as you get to the back half of this year to have quite as much ability to drive new lease rates or renewal rates. Our expectation when we did our budgets was that market conditions would be a little bit weaker across the board, well not across the board, but in aggregate call it 70 to 80 basis points. So, if I do guess right now what I think we would go into next year with, that will be in the 275, it's probably going to be somewhere closer to the 240, 250 in order to get that deceleration for midpoint-to-midpoint of about 75 basis points.
Austin Wurschmidt: And then I was just curious Jerry what -- you mentioned New York kind of strengthening as you look out a little bit, could you just give us some color on where you're standing on renewal lease rates for New York?
Jerry Davis: Absolutely. Right now they are going now between 6% and 7% January, probably in that 6% well that's what we achieved in January. As you look out over the next two months, it's probably a hair less, call it 6% to 7% but we are seeing strength, I'll say strength. We're seeing a stable environment in our New York portfolio and I would add our occupancy today in New York is at 97%. When you look at New York, we're in three submarkets, we're in Chelsea, we have two assets -- or three submarkets, we've two down in the financial district, we have one in Murray Hill and we have our last one, which is a Met JV is in the Upper West Side. The Upper West Side is definitely the weakest of the group where in fourth quarter we had revenue growth of about 1%. When you look at the other three that are in our same-store pool which is the two downtown as well as Chelsea, revenue growth was 5.5% to 6%. So, we're not seeing supply issues anywhere except the Upper West Side. You're not really seeing affordability to a great extent right now and you're not -- we are also not seeing job loss anywhere.
Austin Wurschmidt: That's helpful. I mean from a demand perspective I guess you mentioned you're not seeing any job loss, but as you look out, I mean do you think if job growth were to slow that some of the demographic trends in New York, do you think could that be enough to back fill demand given the supply that we are seeing in New York?
Jerry Davis: Yes, I do, because a lot of our portfolio is B, with the exception of probably our Chelsea property as well as our Upper West Side. Our Murray Hill and our two downtown properties really do cater to that B-renter and I think people can trade down if they wanted to do from the A's to come to us and several of our floor plans especially over View 34 are very large. So people did feel the squeeze and had to double up, I think that would be an alternative too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico of UBS.
Nick Yulico: Just going to that Attachment 7-B where you breakout all the projects been added to the same-store this year. Looks like you fell almost 1,600 units and you had about 35,000 in your same-store, so you are adding about something like 5% units. Can we get a feel for what the revenue growth assumption is for these assets that are being added to your same-store figure, how much of a benefit to your overall same-store it is?
Jerry Davis: I will probably just cut to the chase and say what the benefit is to my same-store. It’s about 20 basis points. It’s predominantly coming from View 34 and these other two. But just to give you a little indication. Our New York, which Herzog was going through the two year outlook, we have said New York revenue is going to come in really within our midpoint 5.5 to 6, it’s much closer to 6 than 5.5. But View 34 was adding roughly 80 basis points to New York. So without that one I would have been in the low 5s. But again when you look at the components of each one of these that's going into the full year, this year call it 20 basis points. So without those I would have been I guess 5.5 to 5.6.
Nick Yulico: Okay, thanks. It's helpful. And then as far as -- maybe this one is for Tom Toomey. As far as your -- as you think about the class B piece of your portfolio and maybe some markets Orlando or other places. How are you sort of weighing keeping that as kind of a hedge against new supply and assets have done quite well versus all the talk coming out of NMHC which was redevelopment value-add? If you could sell those properties to people, you are getting sort of the most aggressive pricing the market has ever seen?
Tom Toomey: I guess I look at it this way. Through cycles these tend to hold up very well. And when you find markets that we look at income to the ability for the resident to pay, to our ability to continue to push rent increases through to them. The Bs probably have a bigger bandwidth in our mind to absorb it and then on the down side they are probably insulated more than the As. So I’ve always drawn to kind of good solid B in a great location as a good long-term cash flow driving machine. And so we’ll probably always have a good mix of Bs in the portfolio and we will solve really for our ability to grow cash flow over time.
Nick Yulico: As far as Bs go, I mean what percentage of your portfolio you think is class B at this point?
Tom Toomey: We think it’s about 50-50 right now between A and B. And then over time those As will turn into Bs and we’ll have to continue to reload at the top end. But we’re always probably be a company that will have that balance of 50-50.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pawlowski of Green Street Advisors.
John Pawlowski: Thank you. With regards to CapEx, can you let us know what percent of NOI you are expecting to spend in '16 for both recurring and non-recurring?
Tom Herzog: I’m sorry, just as far as what the CapEx numbers are? I can give you those real quick. The CapEx per door on the recurring is at $1,100 a door, for revenue enhancing it’s about $550 a door and then for A and Bs whatever the number would be, we plan to spend about $50 million in total. So you could do the quick door calc on that. I don’t know that I answered your question.
Jerry Davis: This is actually the question, I think came up from a call earlier today when one of our competitors was talking about looking at CapEx as a percentage of revenue, revenue on a per door basis. I don’t think we have that number of the top of our head, but it’s fairly easy for us to calculate and get back to you.
John Pawlowski: Second question, past few quarters you suggested the increase to G&A guidance has largely been due to higher than expected incentive program payouts from outperforming targets. Looks like G&A ended up 50% higher than initial guidance. So could you just give us a little color on what specific metrics for were hit that drove the $8 million overrun?
Tom Herzog: If you look at G&A there are a number of different -- by the way, you’re right. It was FTI and LTI that drove the higher G&A. Our metrics stand around things like same-store, development spreads, balance sheet metrics, TSR and then on top of that we had a couple of major transactions that were very good for our business including the West Coast development JV, the Home transaction, the Washington D.C. acquisition. And so we hit on all of our metrics in 2015 without exception and it did result in to the metrics that we have set for higher than average LTI payouts and FTI payouts. One of the thing I will have you note though that might get missed is that we have the transitional plan in place moving from the old LTI program to the new. So now we have a three year cliff left on the TSR portion and we didn’t use to have that. So the transitional piece is about $3.5 million of that $10 million variance. So just keep that in mind.
Tom Toomey: John, it's Toomey. I will just tell you, '15 we hit everything right on the ballpark, from ops to transactions to the financing of the company to TSR. And so I’m grateful for that performance and happy as hell to payout bonuses across up and down the entire organization and we'd like to do it again, frankly. We add all those metrics and perform at that level again, we'll be paying at that level.
John Pawlowski: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb of Sandler O'Neill.
Alex Goldfarb: Good afternoon. Just a few quick questions here. First on the -- what slide is it, Slide 7, Jerry where you guys talked about the benefit of reducing the downtime of days taken and then you also talked about going back and resuscitating old leads both as increasing NOI. It would seem like resuscitating old leads would sort of cut down on vacancy. So, are the two NOI impacts -- that would seem to be overlapping, are they two distinct NOI benefits or you are just citing the difference of different initiatives but in aggregate you wouldn't add those two together?
Jerry Davis: There's probably a little bit of overlap. You are right, part of what helps us fill vacant units faster is going back after lost leads. There probably is a hair bit of duplicity in there, what we're really looking for is again on the resurrection of discarded leases, trying to help out our site associates that at times you don't have enough time to do accurate follow-up. So, yes, there is probably a little bit of that that could be occurring.
Alex Goldfarb: So, what else is driving, apart from resuscitating old leads, what else drives reducing the downtime of the unit? I mean it takes a certain amount of time to clean the unit, there's regular marketing traffic which you guys are pretty good at. So what else goes into cutting down that downtime of the unit?
Jerry Davis: That's a multitude of things. One, we spread the lease expirations throughout the month instead of having them all occur at the same time. Some -- it's much easier just to say lease has expired at the end of the month but when you do that you have 30 people move out of a 600 unit property, your maintenance team can't get to the 30th apartment to turn it until day 22. By spreading that throughout the month, we're able to do a little bit better. The other things you do as you try to entice people to push up their moving date. If you know an apartment is going to be market ready on the 26th of the month and somebody comes in and says, hey, I want to move in at the end of the month or beginning of the month, you basically tell them when they will be moving in. So you push them closer to the 26th instead of automatically just putting them in as a move-in on the 30th and that's cut off three days. So, some of its strategic, some of it is putting in more demanding metrics on our maintenance team, for expectations of when apartments need to be turned, old school way of doing it. You wouldn't go turn a unit until it was leased. The way we try to do it is turn it as quickly as you can from when somebody moves out. So you have ready inventory. But those are obviously the major factors.
Alex Goldfarb: Okay, that's helpful. And then sticking with you Jerry, you made the comments earlier on San Francisco and too early to tell, was just sort of year-end softness versus, there is something that is happening in the job market there. But just curious given your other tech market exposure like in Seattle and maybe Boston as well, do you get a sense if there is a linkage, so that if there were a slowdown of tech let's say in San Francisco, your team in Seattle or Boston or other tech oriented markets would feel it or the deal is that a number of the what could be happening at a local doesn't necessarily happen at -- in the other tech related markets?
Alex Goldfarb: Yes, I don't think it happens quite as much. There's more startup activity honestly in the Bay Area. So if funding for Unicorns and the other tech startups slows, I don't think it has as much of an effect in places like Seattle, down in LA where Silicon Beach is becoming really a tech hub or out in Boston those are typically more established organizations that aren't dependent on financing.
Alex Goldfarb: Okay and the point is you're not seeing any softness in any of those other three markets you just cited?
Jerry Davis: No. We're actually seeing strength in all three of those other markets.
Alex Goldfarb: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Stevenson of Janney.
Rob Stevenson: Good afternoon, guys. Jerry, in terms of what you've been saying in the third and fourth quarter so what's your -- what's baked into your 2016 guidance, is there any real bifurcation between the various D.C. submarkets these days, operating performance wise?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think your Bs are still continuing to outperform. They have compressed at times and then widened but our B product outside the Beltway continues to carry us versus our inside the Beltway. When I look at our As they are currently coming in probably close to -- our A urban had revenue growth in the fourth quarter of about 1% and our Bs which are predominantly in the suburbs came in about 2%. So, revenue growth basis, call it 100 basis points.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then -- Jerry, when I think about turnover for you guys. I mean, turnover ratcheted up modestly year-over-year to 52%. How should we be thinking about the impact of 100 or 200 basis points of turnover in terms of the bottom line? What does that represent penny wise for you guys if turnover goes up a 100 basis points in 2016 over what you are expecting?
Jerry Davis: It really depends on what you are getting for rate growth. If I'm pushing renewals at 8% and my turnover goes up a 100 basis points, it's probably positive to my bottom line and it also depends on how quickly I can reload. I don’t have the exact number off the top of my head. I will tell you my expectation this year for 2016 is my turnover is going to go for about a 100 basis points because we are going to continue to try to drive the rate. So I don’t think you are going to see it continue to come down. We are not seeing an increase in move-outs to home ownership. We are not seeing it from money problems. The one metric that is tending to migrate up a little bit is move-outs due to rent increase, but it still has not gotten to a level that I see is pushing an inordinate number of people out of the door. And if you look at that schedule that's in our supp, which shows the turnover metrics comparing this year to last year, it's attachment 8-G. There is really only one market where you see a significant increase and that's our Monterey County which went probably from 49% to almost 57%. That's also a market where we have revenue growth this past year in the low to mid teens. So we would do it all again in places like San Francisco and areas like that it's going up a 100, 150 bips and I will take that too, as long as I am getting renewal growth that's approaching double digit.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then on the real estate tax side. What's the impact from 421-b expirations and what's the overall assumption for real estate tax growth in 2016?
Jerry Davis: I will give you second part, then Herzog's going to talk more 421s. Overall this next year our expectation is real estate taxes are going to go up in that probably 7% range. Now that sounds like a huge number. This past year our real estate tax expense we thought was going to come in 5.5% to 6% and it actually came in right around 3%. We benefitted dramatically from our appeal wins, it's probably pushing close to a $1.8 million to $2 million that brought us down almost 200 basis points. When we factor in and budget for real estate tax growth, we do not expect or build in any refund. So again it's going to be roughly up at that 7% range is what we are showing today and a chunk of that as Herzog will say in a minute is due to the 421s. Tom?
Tom Herzog: Yes, Jerry. From a same-store perspective, Rob, the 2016 same-store expenses, as a company, we would expect that to be impacted by 45 basis points, and in 2017 about 70 basis points. I will mention that on schedule -- in the Schedule 8 series of our supp we do footnote for the total portfolio and for New York specifically the impacts on same-store expense and same-store NOI so that you can see it with and without. And from an AFFO perspective in 2016 it's about $670,000 roughly just from the burnoff of the abatements and whatnot, and in 2017 it would be about a $1.3 million. That's what built into the numbers right now.
Rob Stevenson: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Oppenheim of Zelman & Associates.
Dan Oppenheim: Thanks very much. I was wondering, if you can talk a little bit in terms of the 2016 expectations, where you see the greater risk? If you think about the revenue side potentially here in the Bay Area, we've certainly seen some of the deceleration as of late, but then also on the expense side talking about R&M being flat or is it personnel costs, which probably have to come down from where they have been lately, or the tax side. How do you think about weighing the risks as you go through 2016?
Jerry Davis: I'll start with that. This is Jerry. I see little risk on the expense side. Again we have expenses budgeted at 3.25%. When you have a margin like us, what really moves the business most is the revenue. I think I told you what we have in our model currently for real estate tax is 7%, it really doesn't have refunds calculated in and I'm confident that we are going to get some of those. And the other expense categories we are looking at and that we've built in, the second largest component of our expense stack is personnel which is about a quarter of our total expenses. We expect that to grow between 4% and 4.25% higher than it has the last couple of years as we have more competitive pressures to attract and retain our associates. All the other categories, marketing we expect to go down. Our marketing team has done a great job with both at our website as well as working with the ISOs or ILSs to bring down our cost. Repairs and maintenance, I don’t see that going up dramatically. I think we have debt locked down pretty well. So on the expense side I think it's not overly risky. The revenue side there is always risk and probably the two markets that we are keeping our eyes on the most, would be San Francisco because we hear all those same information, you guys hear. New York we're watching that closely too and as I've said earlier about both of those markets, they both today, it's not apparent to us whether it's seasonal issues that created the weakness in the fourth quarter, because we're starting to strengthen or if it is something more. But as I look at it there's really three markets that today you would say are kind of risky and it'll be those two as well as Austin. But what I would also say is those constitute 25% of UDR's total NOI. When you look at all of the other markets combined which make up 75%, we see strength. We see strength in Sothern California, the entire Sunbelt with the exception of Austin is extremely strong today. D.C. are still going to be a laggard by comparison, it's improving and we think Boston is improving. So, while there may be a risk in a market or two, the benefit of having a geographically dispersed and asset class differentiation between the As and Bs I think gives us pretty good protection.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson of Mizuho Security.
Rich Anderson: Thanks. Good afternoon. I just have one question because I guess everything else is perfect. On the debt, the 5.7 debt to EBITDA today, going to maybe as low as 5, in 2017 looks so great. But then when you wrap in the joint venture impact, 100 basis points up now, it kind of muddies it a little bit, maybe significantly in the eyes of some people. I'm just curious what you think about that in terms of managing your leverage at the joint venture level so that the full leverage story looks better than what it appears at this point?
Tom Toomey: Rich it's a fair question, this is Toomey. I think your math is about right and as we think about the joint venture, but maybe The Street doesn't always look through to as the strength of our partner and MetLife and their position and strength. And so they are very comfortable running these development joint ventures and then when they're completed, they will finance them out at 40% to 50% leverage which would be a high for UDR's corporate entity. But we're comfortable with them as a partner financing around that level and we feel that they are there for a long period of time and will perform if necessary and have shown a track record of doing so through many cycles.
Rich Anderson: So it will be same 100 basis point impact two years from now, you think?
Tom Toomey: I would put it at that. I think that's fair, the way it looks organically right now, I would -- everything Tom said, I obviously agree with as well. One of the things we have to take into account is that when you look back at what's taken place in the company over the last number of years, we have dramatically reduced leverage but over the last two years it's been clearly or substantially organically. And so you've got the organic improvements that'll occur but also as we have an opportunity to do up a Home or West Coast development JV. If we were trading at a place where we could issue stock at a premium, that does give us an opportunity to further de-lever the enterprise by acquiring assets on an accretive basis at a premium and that lowers the leverage of enterprise. The other thing I've mentioned is when you look at our current leverage levels with the rating agencies and we have had studies done by three different banks, as to where we are rated at the BBB+, Baa1 and what the sweet spot has been determined is at the leverage level that we're at that's the BBB+, Baa1. So, to go through a natural means to further improve that leverage and do so on a dilutive basis is not something that's all that enticing, as we think we can continue to improve it over time in the ways that I just described.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kim of BMO Capital Market.
John Kim: Thank you. I had a question on your reduced acquisition guidance compared to last year's. I realize this is really just for modeling purposes but has your risk appetite changed? And, also, can you provide some color on the volume and characteristics of potential deal flow compared to maybe a few months ago?
Harry Alcock: John this is Harry. I think we do acquisitions primarily as opportunity based and so the significant acquisition we had last year, which was the Home acquisition, really we were able to solve the problem and then we had a currency that was required in order to get that deal done. As we look forward, again if something like that came up we certainly would take a look at it. But as we started last year we don't have any expectations that can materialize again. If it does we'll certainly take a look at it, but we don't have any reason to expect that, that will reoccur.
John Kim: And what about the risk appetite?
Harry Alcock: Well, so again, our risk appetite has remained unchanged and you also asked about deal flow. I mean there are tremendous amounts of deals in the market today. You saw last year was nearly $140 billion in transactions across the multi-family space, which was a record year. And NAREIT a couple weeks -- at NMHC a couple weeks ago the broker community is indicating that they’re actually ahead this year of where they were last year. So we expect there to be sort of continued frothy deal market. But again it’s very difficult for us right now to compete with the pension funds, the sovereign wealth funds and the assets that we want to buy again. If an opportunity materializes where we can solve the problem we think that might be just a spot where we could potentially capitalize.
Tom Toomey: John, this is Toomey. I would just characterize it as this way. It’s not an element of risk and it’s more of an element we believe fundamentals of the industry have many years ahead of strength. It's just a function of pricing and opportunities and we would rather save our currency for where we can have more predictability and that’s in our development pipeline today. On the acquisition front prices are pretty good. I think assets still have some room to run, but we think, we want to be a self-funded company that can internalize our growth if you will. And the best path for that is continue the development today. We’ll continue to look at the market on an acquisition front, but really do not feel that pricing wise, we’re going to get the same type of returns that we would be getting in our development pipeline.
John Kim: Okay. And then I think, Jerry, you mentioned that you see Southern California decelerating in 2017. Can you break that down between Orange County and LA, if there's any difference?
Jerry Davis: I thought that there would be stable to slight deceleration and that’s mainly just based on how strong we see it this year. They are both going to be coming in our current projections close to 7%. If I had to forecast between the two, I’d probably -- it’s probably about even. I think they’re both going to remain strong for a while. They ’re both late to the game. You’ve got fantastic tech job growth that Marina del Rey submarket where most of our assets are located in LA and obviously that’s slowing down. I think the jobs still haven’t fully arrived. If I look down at Southern California, I just read the other day there was more job growth there in 2015 than there has been, since I think late 1999 levels. So it’s picked up. You don’t have any one large employer. You don’t really have significant supply issues in Orange County and in LA. Most of the new supply’s come downtown, where we’re not located. So I would say at this point, I don’t see a significant differentiation between how the two are going to perform next year, this year I would expect our LA portfolio probably to be a hair higher than our Orange County.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Van Winkle of Morgan Stanley.
Greg Van Winkle: Hi guys. You mentioned seeing some outperformance from B's versus A's right now in D.C. Are there any other markets where you're seeing a significant bifurcation? Does that hold true in a lot of the markets where there's a lot of new supply and is that gap widening at all?
Jerry Davis: Greg, it will expand and contract quarter-by-quarter today, the differentiations by about a 150 basis points nationally. You’re right, you tend to see that differential in almost every market where new supply is coming into compete against our A product. So I would say on a national basis for us, that’s probably about what the difference is, call it 150 bips. I saw it probably reached its peak a year, year and-a-half ago when it was well over 200 basis points. At some point earlier this year, I remember looking and it felt like it had contracted down to about 50, but in the fourth quarter, it was about 150.
Greg Van Winkle: Okay. Thanks. And then something that's not contemplated in your two-year plan is stock buybacks. If the market continues to provide limited opportunity for acquisitions with a favorable window for asset sales, and your stock trades at a discount to NAV, is that something that might be on the table at some point, or not something that you really think about?
Tom Toomey: Not at this point, Greg. We are trading somewhere in the vicinity of NAV. As you know, there is a lot friction costs that’s involved. We’d be nowhere near looking at stock buybacks at the current date.
Greg Van Winkle: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Wes Golladay of RBC Capital Market.
Wes Golladay: Hello, everyone. A quick question on the Unicorns. How big of an issue do you think this is? And if you had to estimate how much your new leases come from startup employees, what would you think that is?
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry, I don’t know how big a risk it is. Currently I wouldn’t say it’s a huge risk, but that could change in the next 90 days as we see more. So I wouldn't put the risk at extremely high. As far as percentage of my leases that come from those types, I don’t track that data or at least I don’t have it on me. I don’t think it's a very high percentage.
Wes Golladay: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call to President and CEO, Tom Toomey for any additional or closing remarks.
Tom Toomey: Well certainly, and again thank you for your time and interest in UDR today. Certainly wrapping up, 2015 was a great year and as we talked throughout that year, we're positioning the company for a great 2016. I think we're off to a very solid start on that front and we look forward to updating you after the first quarter.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelby Noble - IR Tom Toomey - President & CEO Tom Herzog - CFO Jerry Davis - COO Warren Troupe - Senior EVP Harry Alcock - SVP
Analysts: Nick Joseph - Citigroup Austin Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ian Weissman - Credit Suisse Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley Nick Yulico - UBS Dan Oppenheim - Zelman & Associates John Pawlowski - Green Street Advisors Wes Golladay - RBC Capital Markets Ryan Peterson - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Aaron Hecht - JMP Securities Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Company
Operator: Welcome to UDR's Third Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Shelby Noble. Please go ahead.
Shelby Noble: Welcome to UDR's third quarter 2015 financial results conference call. Our third quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, www.UDR.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirement. I would like to note that the statements made during this call which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in yesterday's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion we ask you that you be respectable to everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that do not get answered. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Shelby and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to UDR's third quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. Let me start by saying the third quarter was fantastic on all metrics. With 10 months of 2015 complete, four things stand out to me. First, we set out a strategic plan in February and have exceeded it on all fronts. Second, we surpassed our expectations with exceptional operating results which Jerry will outline in his remarks. Third, we were presented with a couple of strategic problem-solving opportunities that we were able to take advantage of. Namely, the $559 million West Coast development joint venture and the $901 million Washington, DC acquisition. These both fell in line with our long-term goals. As they both were accretive to cash flow growth, we were able to issue equity at or above NAV and they were lowered our overall leverage metrics. And lastly, we sold or have under contract $800 million in gross assets, our share of which is $480 million. Let's turn to 2016 and the long-term outlook. As you know, the macro numbers around jobs, household formation, supply, et cetera, look very favorable for the foreseeable future. When we further analyze our specific submarkets and individual community dynamics, we believe that our portfolio of mix of A and B communities in our urban and suburban locations will continue to perform well throughout the cycles. I know the question on your mind of how 2016 looks. Jerry and the entire operating team have been working hard to position UDR for a strong result in 2016. Without giving forward guidance at this point, we expect 2016 revenue growth to be at least as good as 2015, but after eight years of sub-3% expense growth, we do expect pressure from payroll and taxes to lead to expense increases of just over 3%. All-in, with strong operating fundamentals and over $500 million of development in lease-up, we're in good shape to drive cash flow and NAV growth for 2016 and into the future. As promised, we will publish another two-year strategic plan in February 2016 that will outline what we can expect for our shareholders. With that, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all my fellow UDR associates for an extraordinary work in producing another strong quarter of results. We look forward to the remainder of 2015 and to a great 2016. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Herzog: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include third quarter results, balance sheet and capital markets update, recent transactions, casualty loss incurred during the quarter, 421-a and -g impact on New York property taxes and revised full-year 2015 guidance. Our third quarter earnings results were above the upper end of our previously provided guidance ranges. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.42, $0.42 and $0.37, respectively. This was primarily driven by better-than-expected year-over-year third quarter same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth which were strong at 5.9%, 2.7% and 7.3% respectively. Jerry will provide additional color in his prepared remarks. Next, balance sheet and capital markets activity, in August, we issued $102 million of common equity at a net price of $35 per share. In September, we issued $300 million of 10-year, 4% senior unsecured notes with a yield to maturity of 4.03%. Inclusive of swap breakage fees, our all-in rate was approximately 4.5%. Subsequent to quarter-end, we amended and recasted our unsecured revolving credit facility which increased the size from $900 million to $1.1 billion, extended the maturity to January 2021 inclusive of the extensions and reduced our interest rate spread by 10 basis points to LIBOR plus 90 basis points. We also amended and consolidated our $350 million of term loans under the same facility, repriced the loan to LIBOR plus 95 basis points, a reduction of 20 basis points and extended the maturity date to January 2021. These transactions completed our debt and equity needs for the year. At quarter-end, our financial leverage on an undepreciated cost basis was 36.7% and on a fair value basis, it was 26%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 6 times and inclusive of pro-rata JVs, it was 7 times. All metrics have continued to improve during the year as we had anticipated in our two-year outlook. At the current date, our liquidity is measured by cash and credit facility capacity is $991 million. On to recent transactions, as previously announced in our October 7 press release, subsequent to quarter-end, we closed our Washington, DC acquisition. With this transaction, we purchased six communities valued at $901 million in a recovering Washington, DC market. The transaction was funded through a combination of $565 million of common OP units issued at $35 per unit, the assumption of $89 million of mortgage debt, $221 million of Section 1031 exchanges which are under contract and $26 million in cash. Additionally, we have another $66 million of communities under contract to sell. We expect to close these transactions in December and upon completion, will have exited the Norfolk market. Next, casualty loss incurred during the quarter. In late September, 717 Olympic, a 151-home community located in Los Angeles, California which we have a 50% interest through our MetLife II joint venture, experienced extensive water damage due to a sand pipe rupture. As a result, we had to fully evacuate the building. Until clean-up is completed and all safety measures are met, residents will not be allowed to reoccupy the building. We have arranged for them to live in furnished apartments in Downtown LA. The full extent of the damage is still being quantified and will be updated in our fourth quarter earnings release. As a result of the casualty, we expect to incur a $0.01 charge to FFO, of which is only $256,000 has been incurred as of September 30. While the joint venture's insurance policy has a $25,000 deductible, the $0.01 charge is attributable to business interruption and temporary housing for our residents which GAAP requires that we recognize as incurred. As this charge is expensed, it will be deducted from FFO, but added back to FFO as adjusted. We expect to recover a significant portion of this charge from the insurance providers and any subsequent recoveries will be included in FFO, but deducted from FFO as adjusted. Since 717 Olympic is owned by MetLife II JV, it has no impact on our same-store results. Next, I will provide an update on the tax impact of the 421-a and -g real estate tax programs which impact three of our New York City assets, 95 Wall, 10 Hanover and Columbus Square. Individual programs by property burn off in varying amounts over the next 15 years and the impact is based on future assessed values and levy rates which for the out years we cannot fully estimate. However, I will provide the impact for 2015 and projected impact for 2016 and 2017 and we will continue to update you over time as the valuation of levy rates become known and we determine the projected impact. For 2015, 2016 and 2017, 421-a and -g in New York City is expected to negatively impact our same-store expenses by 25 basis points, 45 basis points and 70 basis points, respectively and impacts the year-over-year AFFO by $240,000, $670,000 and $1.3 million, respectively. As a reminder, when we acquired these buildings, the 421 property tax impact was included in our underwriting assumptions. Notably, the rent growth for these properties has surpassed even our underwriting and all-in IRRs to-date in these investments are in the low to mid-teens. On to fourth quarter and full-year 2015 updated guidance. We increased our full-year FFO as adjusted and AFFO guidance ranges for the third time this year, primarily due to stronger-than-expected operations. Our FFO as adjusted per share and AFFO per share guidance ranges increased by $0.01 and $0.02 at the mid-points, respectively. Full-year 2015 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share are now forecasted at $1.65 to $1.67, $1.65 to $1.67 and $1.49 to $1.51, respectively. For same-store, we have increased our full-year 2015 revenue growth guidance by 12.5 basis points at the mid-point to 5.25% to 5.5%. Expense growth increased by 12.5 basis points at the mid-point to 2.75% to 3% and our NOI growth forecast increased by 25 basis points at the mid-point to 6.25% to 6.75%. The revenue increase was driven by strong new and renewal rate growth. Fourth quarter 2015 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance is $0.40 to $0.42, $0.41 to $0.43 and $0.36 to $0.38, respectively. Other primary full-year guidance assumptions can be found on attachment 15 or page 28 of our supplement. Finally, in the third quarter we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.2775 per share or $1.11 per share when annualized, representing a yield of approximately 3.1%. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks, I will cover the following topics. First, our third quarter portfolio metrics, leasing trends and the rental rate growth we realized this quarter and an overview of our current operating strategy. Second, the performance of our core markets during the quarter. And last, a brief update on our development lease-ups. We're pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the third quarter, our same-store revenue per occupied home increased by 6.2% year-over-year to $1,792, while occupancy declined 30 basis points to 96.6%. This led to third quarter revenue growth of 5.9%. Our revenue growth for the first nine months of the year was 5.4% year-over-year. Turning to new and renewal lease rate growth which is detailed on attachment 8-G of our supplement, our ability to push new lease rate growth continued to outpace historical precedent during the third quarter by a wide margin. We grew new lease rates by 7.6% in the third quarter, a full 310 basis points ahead of the third quarter of 2014. Renewal growth also remained robust, at 7.3% in the third quarter or 220 basis points ahead of last year. This strength in pricing and demand served as the primary driver of our sizable 12.5-basis point increase in same-store revenue guidance at the midpoint or 137.5 basis points from our initial guidance provided in February. As Tom mentioned earlier, we increased our full-year revenue growth guidance range to 5.25% to 5.5%. Although we expect a normal seasonal slowdown to occur starting soon, we continue to see strong fundamentals and our strategy continues to be driving rate growth in order to help build in our 2016 revenue. Third quarter expense growth was 2.7% and brings our year-to-date growth to 2.3%. We increased the mid-point of full-year expense guidance by 1/8 of a point to 2.875%, due to increased insurance premiums and higher sight-level incentive compensation due to outperformance of property-level budgets. Moving on to quarterly performance in our primary markets, these markets represent 70% of our same-store NOI and 74% of our total NOI. Orange County and Los Angeles combined represent 17% of our total NOI. Orange County posted year-over-year revenue growth of 6.4% and continues to outperform versus our initial budgeted expectations. Our LA portfolio posted strong third quarter revenue growth of 8.2%, an acceleration over the 3.8% revenue growth reported in first quarter and 6% in the second quarter. The job growth we have spoken to in the west LA coastal communities from Santa Monica to Playa Vista is continuing to arrive and we continue see the Marina Del Rey submarket as a primary beneficiary of these new jobs. We expect full-year revenue growth of nearly 7% in 2015, quite an acceleration from what we had forecasted earlier in the year. New York City which represents 13% of our total NOI, saw revenue growth of 5.8% year-over-year. Continued investment and retail interest at the World Trade Center site supports our long-term view that there is a long runway of growth potential for our New York City portfolio. Metro DC which represents 13% of our total NOI, posted year-over-year same-store revenue growth of 1.6%. As I stated on the second quarter call, job growth is returning and in some submarkets, supply is easing. Importantly, we have continued to focus on growing market rent via new lease rate, pricing, when possible, as it translates into renewal pricing power as well. We still anticipate full-year revenue growth in DC of just under 2%. San Francisco which represents over 12% of our total NOI, continues to show no signs of slowing down, as seen by revenue growth of 9.2% in the quarter. Our Santa Clara properties continued to be the strongest with revenue growth of 12%, while our San Jose properties which are competing with new supply pressure, posted revenue growth of 6.2%. Our downtown San Francisco properties have strengthened to revenue growth of 7.9%. Seattle which represents almost 7% of our total NOI, posted 8.3% revenue growth in the quarter. Our portfolio continued to benefit from the strong growth inherent in our suburban B assets, primarily those located in Renton and North Seattle which are submarkets that are less exposed to new supply. We currently see full-year Seattle revenue growth coming in around 7.5% to 8%. Boston which represents over 6% of our total NOI, posted 5.7% revenue growth in the third quarter, despite new supply pressure downtown. Our best performance is in our suburban product, but our Back Bay property had strong revenue growth also, at 5.3%. I'll now turn to our in lease-up developments which you can find on attachments 9-A and -B or pages 21 and 22 of our supplement. Our pro-rata share of these properties represent over $400 million spent. 100 Pier 4, our 369-home, $218 million development project in Boston Seaport district was 92% leased and 90% occupied at quarter-end and today, is 95% leased and 93% occupied. With first move-ins in mid-March, we stabilized in seven months and asking rents today of $4.78 per square foot are ahead of our original underwriting of $4.30 a foot. Steele Creek, our 218-home participating loan investment in the Cherry Creek submarket of Denver is currently 86% leased and 75% physically occupied. The property is achieving rents in the $3.30 per square foot range versus initial underwriting of $3.10 per square foot. We have two West Coast development JV properties that began leasing during the third quarter. Katella Grand I, our 399-home, $138 million development project located in Orange County, is currently 12% leased, with move-ins scheduled to start in December and CityLine, our 244-home, $80 million development project in Seattle, is currently 6% leased and we expect first move-ins there in November, as well. We expect October new lease rate growth to come in between 5.25%, 5.5% and renewals to come in a bit over 7%. Same-store occupancy today is 96.5%. We see continued pricing power and stable occupancies in almost all of our markets. In fact, no market has physical occupancy today less than 95%. These factors leave us confident for the remainder of 2015. Given the impressive strength we have seen year-to-date, we will have approximately 2.75% of 2016 revenue growth [indiscernible] by year-end. In addition, we're working on a number of initiatives that are both good for residents and for UDR, including parking solutions and solar solutions. The impact of strong rate increases for the second half of 2015 will be the catalyst for what we believe will be another strong year in 2016. With that, I'll open up the call to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go first to Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: Appreciate the commentary on 2016 same-store revenue growth being at least as good as 2015. What job growth and supply assumptions are baked into that outlook?
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry. It's basically similar job growth to this year. Call it 200,000 to 250,000 jobs per month. Nationally, when we look at how that affects our core markets, it would be down just modestly from about 870,000 jobs to 856,000 jobs in our markets. When you look at supply, it's looking for deliveries in 2016, 320,00, 325,000 jobs next year. But once again, when you look at our core markets, it's coming down about 20,000 -- I'm sorry -- not jobs, deliveries. It's coming down about 20,000 from what we experienced in 2015.
Nick Joseph: And then in terms of operational efficiencies, you guys have talked about a lot in the past. I wanted to get your take on the impact of package deliveries on the business and how you're dealing with it at your garden-style communities?
Jerry Davis: Sure. We've been looking at package deliveries, honestly, for a couple of years and been trying to find a solution that the carriers will be accepting of, as well as what will be best for our residents. And we think we found a few package locker systems that seem to work for us. To date, we've tested between eight and 10. Just about a month ago we ordered an additional 20 package locker systems. When we look at it and there have been studies done on this, a person can handle about 15 packages per hour, so the way we've looked at it, our average resident probably gets between four and six packages a month. You're going to save, 300 to, call it, 500 hours on average at a property per year in efficiency. We think our people are going to be able to take that time and either do a better job performing services or they will be able to tend to prospective residents better because the time that current residents were coming in to get their packages which are after work and weekends, is the same time our leasing office is most busy with prospective residents. The other thing we see is a huge benefit, especially in our garden communities that we don't have a front door, is our residents are going to have 24/7 access.
Nick Joseph: Then finally, can you give us an update on the potential sixth acquisition as part of the Wolff deal?
Warren Troupe: This is Warren. The sixth asset was held in a partnership with a third party and the structure has turned out to be too complicated so we've decided not to pursue it any further.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Austin Wurschmidt: It's Austin Wurschmidt here with Jordan. Just had a question on thinking about portfolio allocation going forward. You guys have a sizable chunk of the development pipeline in Southern California. As you start to think about the Wolff JV assets stabilizing late next year and into 2017, how are you thinking about your exposure to that market?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. Our portfolio allocation in terms of development, our general plan is to have a diversified portfolio. So we have an asset in Boston that we're just stabilizing. We expect to start our 345 Harrison land site that we acquired last year for $32 million and that will be nearly 600 units and upwards of $300 million-plus. We have an asset in DC that we're just completing and so we generally would expect to start another project in DC sometime in the relatively near future. In terms of California, we're relatively heavily weighted in California from a development perspective. We're going to have several of these assets running through the completion and lease-up phase in 2016 and into 2017 and so naturally our development exposure to Southern California will lighten up and then we'll look to backfill in the ordinary course.
Tom Toomey: Jordan, Austin, this is Toomey. What I would add to it is my recollection is SoCal was one of the last areas to enter the recession and one of the last to come out. And so if you look at the recent job growth and supply dynamics, we think it's got a long runway to deliver and we're excited about the Wolff transaction, in particular, because we accelerated a lot of communities and development into lease-up to take advantage of what we think is a very strong market in 2016 and 2017. So we're well-positioned in that marketplace.
Austin Wurschmidt: And then just turning to DC, DC decelerated a little bit this quarter. I was just curious if there's anything submarket-specific and then what your outlook is for that market going forward?
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. You're right. DC did decelerate slightly to 1.6% growth. Overall, though, we feel DC is stable and this year it will come in about a 1.5% to 2% revenue growth. As I look in the current -- as of today, my market rents are up 2.7% from where they were last October, so that's encouraging for growth in the future. A couple other things that I would think are worth noting. A few years ago, we talked about the differential between A and B product. In DC and probably two years ago, that difference was 600 to 700 basis points, where Bs were probably producing 3%, 3.5% revenue growth and As were negative 3.5%. Today, that has compressed down to about 50 basis points. So As are just 50 basis points behind B. A lot of our inside the Beltway is doing as well as outside the Beltway. Areas of new supply that have affected us, particularly at our Arlington properties are the new supplies happening in Crystal City, Rosslyn-Ballston and Potomac Yard. When I look at the 14th Street Corridor and we've got four assets in that Thomas Circle, Logan Circle area, we're seeing revenue growth that's approaching 3% there, so that is strengthening. But overall, DC feels pretty stable. The last thing I would add that probably had a modest effect on our deceleration this year is our DC team was spending quite a bit of time over the summer preparing to ensure a smooth transition of the six Home properties. That transition has paid off, as we took over those assets about three weeks ago and things are going well. And then as we look into 2015, again, our expectation is revenue growth at UDR for the DC portfolio will be just under 2% and as we look further out to 2016, it's going to go up modestly, call it mid-2%s.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ian Weissman with Credit Suisse.
Ian Weissman: Just two questions, I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit more granularity on resurgence in Southern California, specifically Los Angeles which beat our forecast by at least 150 basis points and you were up 260 basis points sequentially. Can you talk about some of the drivers in LA today and how sustainable that growth rate is?
Jerry Davis: Sure, Ian. This is Jerry again. First thing, I would start off is remind you our LA portfolio is almost entirely concentrated in Marina Del Rey. We only have four assets in our same-store pool. One is in La Mirada, but the other three are in Marina Del Rey. What's really driving it is two things. About two years ago, up through about a year ago, you had a surge of new supply that was hitting Playa Vista and that was putting supply pressure on our Marina product. And that was being built really in anticipation of all the tech jobs that were coming to Silicon Beach, the area between Santa Monica and Playa Vista. Those jobs are now coming in and it's companies like Facebook, Google, Yahoo, Microsoft, Snapchat, YouTube, Twitter, Uber. So as these jobs come in, it's really driving demand extraordinarily in that Los Angeles submarket of Marina Del Rey and that's what's really propelling our growth. You look back to first quarter of this year, our growth was only 3.8%. In second quarter, it got up to 6%. In this quarter, it was well over 8%. Our expectation is it's going to go a bit higher than even what we did in third quarter, in fourth quarter. LA, honestly, for our same-store portfolio is one of the markets I'm most excited about for 2016 and it's being driven by that job creation in Playa Vista, Venice and that submarket. As you get more into Downtown LA, we have the one asset that we owned with MetLife. That area is feeling quite a bit of new supply and the growth there is not nearly at the level that our portfolio is. So I wouldn't read into LA in general, based on what our results are, because ours are focused on that one submarket.
Ian Weissman: And finally, just thinking about the Equity Residential deal who sold assets in South Florida, Denver, DC, Seattle and Inland Empire, you guys are the only other apartment REIT to hold assets in each of those markets. The market liked the deal. The stock was up on the news. It wasn't about G&A savings or even higher growth. It was all about the bid for B-quality assets in B markets. How should we think about your plans moving forward, just given what the capital that sits on the sideline and how aggressive it's getting in these markets? And what are your thoughts about accelerating sales in some of these non-core markets?
Tom Toomey: I would make four or five points on the subject. Just as a reminder, in 2008, we did sell one-third of the company as part of a larger portfolio repositioning because primarily we thought at the time assets were trading well above their replacement cost and as part of that transaction, we declared a special dividend. So we're not afraid of that type of transaction and have executed on it in the past, but today, we don't see that type of repositioning necessary. We've still got very good strong growth from our assets in those marketplaces. Second, I would add that we have a prudent capital allocation process in place. By using asset sales to fund development, we're largely removing any dependency on capital markets for our future growth. And as a reminder, our strategic plan which we continue to outline and update, is focusing on consistent cash flow growth. After you look at these transactions and realize the amount of dilution and how much growth you would have to compensate for in the future, they don't seem to be as penciling out at this time. But we'll continue to monitor the market and see what happens with respect to asset pricing and we're aware of a good action on Bs right now. You can see this last year we sold $800 million, our share, $480 million of them. Then we used those proceeds very accretively to fund our development pipeline. So we've got a good plan, we've outlined it and we'll do it again and we'll see how the market unfolds.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel St. Juste: So Mr. Toomey or maybe Jerry, I would like to get some more color on a comment, I think it was you, Tom, who made it earlier on the call, that your revenue growth for next year can be on par with this year's but from a different angle. I look across the various key regions in your portfolio and expect another solid year, next year for sure, but expect to see some slight deceleration on the revenue side in New York City, Boston. There has been a bit of concern around San Francisco, not only with the recent Wall Street Journal article about the tech ideal slowdown, but also a little supply-related concerns in Bellevue, up in Seattle. Are you effectively counting on Southern California, Denver and perhaps DC to accelerate a bit from here, a bit more from here, make up for those decelerating trends in the other markets here?
Jerry Davis: First I would say, in Denver, we don't have any same-store properties, so we're not counting on anything from there. When we look at the entire portfolio, we see a few things happening. Probably there are two or three markets that we're penciling in that will most likely decelerate next year. First is NorCal, that's probably based more on our aversion to [indiscernible] than anything else. If I had to guess on any one market that I would presume would beat -- could beat my plan next year, it would probably be NorCal, because I don't see the fundamentals really coming down. You just don't think it can continue to pop at 10% growth. And I'll give you an example. Last year we thought the same thing. In the month of October, my in-place rents are 4% higher than I budgeted a year ago, so I thought it was going to happen last year. It didn't. It surprised. But we're counting on it to come down a bit, but it would still be our best market next year. The other markets that I see probably decelerating some next year are the two Texas markets, Dallas and Austin and that's really just supply-driven. We're starting to feel it already in Austin, especially our A product is starting to feel it more than it has because job growth was keeping up. Right now, job growth is still good, but the supply is hitting us. Dallas, pressures in uptown, as well as up in Plano-Frisco, are hitting us in some of our assets. Our B product, especially in the Addison area, are doing phenomenally well, very high single digits. But when you get down to Uptown, currently we're seeing about 3% growth. Don't see that improving a lot next year because of new supply. SoCal, as I stated earlier, very bullish on LA, at least our portfolio there. Orange County's going to hang in there and probably be slightly above average and do at least as well as it did this year. When I look at Seattle, you brought up Bellevue. There is new apartment supply coming there. There have been some jobs that have, like Expedia, that have gone over to the west side in Seattle, but an article came out yesterday about Salesforce just rented 75,000 square foot of office space that they will put 500 people in. That office location is directly across from our Met JV and it's about two blocks from our Elements communities. So we're feeling a little better today than we probably were a week ago about Bellevue. But the B product in Seattle is going to hold up very well. We're probably about 30% to 40% of the properties we have in Seattle are B. So we're optimistic about that. Boston, you brought that one up. Honestly, we've been pleasantly surprised this year. As I look at which one of our markets today is doing, again, better than I would have expected, Boston's picking up steam. We usually see a turndown. We moved some lease expirations from fourth quarter into third quarter, but it's allowed us to maintain occupancy where today it's 97%. My year-over-year market rent growth in my four same-store Boston properties is up 8.4% October versus October. And today, I've got a loss-to-lease of 3.1% in Boston. That compares to 0.3% last year. So Boston honestly doesn't feel that bad to me. So I look at those and the other two that honestly are probably going to do as well, if not a bit better next year, are the two Florida markets. Orlando has been surging and Tampa is not far behind it. The Mid-Atlantic, it's still going to be tough. It will be our worst performers, as I said earlier. DC is going to perk up a hair to mid-2%s. Baltimore, Richmond, we're not quite as optimistic there. It will stay below average. But overall, again, the Texases and NorCal would be the ones that I see coming down a bit, SoCal is going up, Florida's probably going up and the rest of them are about the same.
Tom Toomey: Haendel, this is Toomey. I would add this. My quote is revenue for 2016 is at least as good as 2015. And what I would point to, is Jerry and team have been really focused a lot about middle of this year on 2016, by pushing the rents which give us that carry-through. He mentioned in his prepared remarks, 2.75% of revenue is already in the books for next year. We think that trend could continue, but we'll play it out. They have just done an exceptional job of positioning us for 2016, a good number.
Haendel St. Juste: And just so I'm clear, Jerry, what, if anything, enters the same-store pool next year?
Jerry Davis: Actually, in our supplement, on page 11, at the beginning of the year, it will be full-year, Los Alisos which is Mission Viejo, enters in first quarter; Waterscape; and then also View 34, the old Rivergate property in Manhattan.
Haendel St. Juste: And then one more, if I may, a line of questioning I've preceded in the past. Just curious, your exposure to DC and Seattle, we've seen your [indiscernible] in lighten up in suburban locations in both markets. I'm curious about your current portfolios in both markets. Are you looking to lighten up a bit here, especially following the closing of the Home and Wolff deals?
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. With respect to DC, we fully expect DC to be slightly better in 2016, but really, the rebound in DC's going to come in 2017 and 2018. And that's what our positioning is. So eventually, we're a little overweight in that marketplace, but we would like to catch the rent trajectory up when we look at pruning that particular area. The other market that was--?
Jerry Davis: Seattle.
Tom Toomey: Seattle? We're happy with Seattle. We've got a good mix of A, B marketplace. We're always looking at shifting some, but it will be so thin on the margin, it probably wouldn't matter in our view.
Jerry Davis: Haendel, we sold two assets in Seattle at the end of last year that were more in the Tacoma market. I agree with Tooney. We like the portfolio. We've got a decent mix of a couple of Bs to go with some urban As that are both in Bellevue and we're going to increase our exposure with the Wolff transaction down in South Lake Union. But Seattle is a market we're all pretty optimistic about, mid- and long-term.
Haendel St. Juste: I'm clear on Seattle, but just want to make sure I'm clear on DC. Sounds like you're happy with your portfolio, would consider selling, but just not a good enough time to sell yet, but something you would monitor over the next year, year to two years for potential culling, is that fair?
Tom Toomey: That's a fair statement.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go next to Nick Yulico with UBS.
Nick Yulico: You talked about expense growth next year likely going over 3% and you guys have had lower expense growth than that in the last couple years. Could you just talk a little bit more about what's driving the expense growth higher?
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry. I'll start and Herzog may jump in. He mentioned the 421-a real estate program that has started to affect us this year and it will affect us a little more next year. So a big part of it's real estate taxes. So when you look at what are the two components that we currently forecast would be north of the 3% growth rate, one's going to be real estate taxes which today our expectation, including the 421-as, is going to be north of 7%. When you factor in the impact in the Sunbelt markets, the positive real estate tax refunds that we got this year in the 421 programs at 95 Wall and 10 Hanover, that's about where it gets to. The other one that we anticipate putting some pressure on us is wage growth. In our markets, we've currently penciled in for it to be 4% in personnel growth.
Nick Yulico: And then what about repairs and maintenance? That's a line item you guys have done a really good job controlling expenses on. How much are you still able to keep that in check?
Jerry Davis: We think there's still initiatives that we've been working on for the last few years, that there's still a ways to go. This year, it will probably be very slightly positive. Next year, I still think it will be under an inflationary range and we're going to continue to find efficiencies with our maintenance teams to bring even more work in-house. So I don't think we're quite done with those initiatives yet.
Operator: And we'll go next to Dan Oppenheim with Zelman & Associates.
Dan Oppenheim: Was wondering -- you guys haven't been so active on the redevelopment, much more in terms of just the development, but wondering from the communities acquired from Home, what the thought is, where some of those can add some redevelopment, but could have more and just where those assets? How do you think about it?
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry again. Harry may jump in after me if I leave anything out. When you look at that portfolio, there's three assets that are newly developed, less than four to five years old, the two in Silver Springs, one in Alexandria that really need next to no work done on them. Home did a good job redeveloping Arbor Park. That one needs very little. The other two, Newport Village and The Courts at Dulles, are probably where we'll focus most of our efforts over the next year or two. They both would benefit from some level of kitchen and bath upgrade. There's a bit of deferred maintenance and there's some touch-up we can do on the amenities at both of those properties.
Dan Oppenheim: And then as it relates to the expectations in terms of the expense side or in actually it also relates to revenue, how are you thinking about turnover as it's been fairly low as of late? What's the expectation in terms of what we're likely to see in 2016 for that?
Jerry Davis: It's going to go up 100 to 200 basis points from where it is this year. Last year, it was 51%. This year, it will probably be a hair over that. Next year, I got to believe it's going to go up another 100, 150 basis points, as we start hitting some people with affordability issues and they are going to move out because of rent increase. We've seen that inch up a bit. I don't see move-outs related to home purchase rising. We've seen move-outs because of money problems or skips and evictions, actually come down. So really the only category we've seen in some markets is some people are getting priced out of the community they live in today and they are having to move down a step. As we've seen this happen, we've been able to maintain occupancy levels in that 96.5%, so reload period is short. We've been able to take the number of days a units sits vacant down between 20 and 21 days from -- when we started looking at that three years ago, it was at 26 days. So turnover is going to again go up 100 to 200 basis points.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Pawlowski with Green Street Advisors.
John Pawlowski: On the 1031 exchanges, could you share the cap rate on the four Virginia assets, as well as the Huntington Beach sale?
Harry Alcock: Sure. This is Harry. The cap rates on the four Virginia beach sales are going to be somewhere in the high 6%s, around 7%. That includes a 2.75% management fee and $1,100 per unit in CapEx. The Huntington Beach deal will be just under 5% and the fixed asset will be in the high 5%s, the Oxnard asset.
John Pawlowski: That's on forward NOI, correct?
Harry Alcock: It is.
John Pawlowski: And then just so I understand the new footnote on the 421 exemptions, the $70,000 higher New York real estate taxes, so this is the first quarter that those abatements started burning off or was the amount de minimis before 3Q?
Tom Herzog: This was the first year, this first quarter.
Operator: And we'll go next to Wes Golladay with RBC Capital Markets.
Wes Golladay: Quick question on the abatement as a follow-up, what is the total dollar amount of abatements flowing through the expenses right now for 2015?
Tom Herzog: We've given the amount of the AFFO impact which is the change. For 2015, it was $240,000 is the AFFO impact. So that's the amount of change year-over-year.
Wes Golladay: Do you guys have maybe a dollar amount? Since it is a line item that will abate, I just wonder if you had the actual dollar amount, but we could follow up offline if that's fine?
Tom Herzog: Okay. If you guys want to call on that to get details on that, I'm glad to give them to you.
Wes Golladay: Yes, we'll do that. Okay. And then looking at the Playa Vista market, it seems quite strong for you. Would you happen to have the loss-to-lease on that market and where renewals are going out right now?
Jerry Davis: The loss-to-lease on that right now is 5%. The year-over-year market rent growth in that LA portfolio and it includes one small asset in La Mirada, but this is predominantly the Marina Del Rey, but year-over-year revenue, rent growth is 9.2%. And the most current new and renewal growth in LA is news, we've achieved in October 8.8% and renewals are in October 7.2%.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ryan Peterson with Sandler O'Neill.
Ryan Peterson: So we've seen recently some of your peers market New York high-rises as condo conversions because of the superior pricing there. Is that something you guys would consider with any of your New York assets?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. Like all of us, we're constantly in the market having general conversations about market pricing. If an opportunity arose where we could predictably capture that spread between a condo user in changing the use at an extraordinary low cap rate and reinvest those proceeds in a core market on an accretive basis, we would certainly consider that. Right now, we haven't seen any of those opportunities materialize.
Ryan Peterson: Okay. So, really only if you had a reinvestment opportunity?
Harry Alcock: In all likelihood, yes.
Ryan Peterson: Okay and then only other question for me is do you see any more opportunities for deals similar to your Steele Creek deal?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry again. Steele Creek and Wolff are two relatively similar transactions that we've completed over the past 12 months. We're in the market looking at those types of opportunities. We don't have anything specific to talk about, but if those same types of opportunities materialized, we certainly would be interested in doing another one.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Aaron Hecht with JMP Securities.
Aaron Hecht: It looks like household formations were released this quarter and renter households declined for the first time sequentially in eight quarters. How are you guys thinking about that because it doesn't look like there's any lack of demand in your core markets?
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I take all of these government statistics that come out and wait and see if there's a trend line to develop, if there's not a one-month blip. So you just have to step back and wait and see how that trend and that number gets revised. We took note of it, that we're not feeling it in the marketplace by any measure, don't see it as a trend line, but we'll be cognizant of it and keep it in our view going forward.
Aaron Hecht: Okay and then on your 399 Fremont development, can you give any color on just the Rincon Hill area, because it looks like there's a lot of high-end product that may come online pretty soon there?
Harry Alcock: I'll start and Jerry may add if I miss something, but in Rincon Hill, there's over 4 million square feet of office that's either active or under construction. There are some multi-family projects high end that are coming online, some of which are in lease-up now and others that will be in line over the course of the next 12 months. It's our expectation that, that is an extremely strong submarket within San Francisco for rental product, given the enormous amount of job growth in high-paying jobs, so at this point, we're not concerned about that submarket.
Jerry Davis: I would agree with Harry. As we've looked at that market and the product we're going to deliver, we think we compete well. Probably the most encouraging thing, you talked about the supply, but the jobs that are coming, that are within a 5 to 10 minute walk over the next several years, are going to provide plenty of residents for all of us to do well.
Aaron Hecht: Okay. And then on the 717 Olympic property, was that water issue just a freak accident or was there some property management that should have occurred to avoid that issue?
Jerry Davis: It was a freak accident. There was an automobile accident, if you will, in the garage structure that set off the sprinkler system that affected the pressure on the sand pipe. It wasn't maintenance. It was created due to an accident.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities.
Rich Anderson: Tom Toomey, if you had 20/20 foresight that San Francisco Bay area was about to really fall off the cliff and I know you don't have that, but let's just pretend you do because you have really super powers otherwise, what would you do? Would you sell immediately right now? Or would you muscle your way through it because you consider it a long-term hold regardless of what might happen over the course of a couple of years?
Tom Toomey: Rich, it's always a tough question when you look at falling off the cliff in San Francisco, is that the earthquake comes and gets it or just the marketplace.
Rich Anderson: The marketplace.
Tom Toomey: The marketplace, I believe it's a center for technology innovation. It's a gateway to Asia. It's a long-term dynamic city that has long-term growth prospects. And I'm prepared to weather the storm that inevitably will happen, that will cause it to take a turn-down and anticipate that through its innovation, its capital formation that it's a long-term vibrant mark and it's sure in heck hard to get real estate there, that's our overall portfolio strategy. We understand that markets will come and go, that situations like oil and gas that are going through right now are not long-term enduring situations. They are short-term blips. And we want to have a portfolio that's diversified to weather those storms and we've done it both in market diversification and product diversification and we'll continue that path and think it's the right one for long-term cash flow growth.
Rich Anderson: Maybe for someone else in the room, what happened leading up to the DC falling off? Did you sell at all? I don't remember. Or did you just defend?
Tom Toomey: The posture in DC was to defend. We did take some assets that we thought would have a harder time in recovery and pulled those up and moved on. And again, as you outlined earlier in the call, we think we're a little overweight, DC, but we think the inevitable recovery that arrives probably in 2017, 2018 window will represent a good time to pull some capital out of that marketplace and there will be other opportunities and other markets for us to redeploy those or we'll just pull them up and use them for our development pipeline.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Tom Toomey, CEO, for any additional or closing remarks.
Tom Toomey: Well, thank you all for your interest in UDR and for your time on the call today. Just let me close by saying it was a fantastic quarter, that we're doing a very good job of executing on our strategic out plan. We've exceeded all of those metrics. We're certainly positioning ourselves for a strong 2016 and beyond. You'll see more of that plan come February and we'll be seeing most of you, I believe, at NAREIT in a couple of weeks and look forward to some more Q&A there. With that, take care.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelby Noble - Head, IR Tom Toomey - President and CEO Tom Herzog - SVP and CFO Jerry Davis - SVP and COO Warren Troupe - Senior EVP Harry Alcock - SVP, Asset Management
Analysts: Nick Joseph - Citigroup Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley Dan Oppenheim - Zelman & Associates Drew Bawin - Robert W. Baird Rob Stevenson - Janney Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI Ian Weissman - Credit Suisse Brian Peterson - Sandler O'Neill Investments John Kim - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, and welcome to UDR's 2Q 2015 Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Shelby Noble. Please go ahead.
Shelby Noble: Thank you operator. Welcome to UDR’s second quarter 2015 financial results conference call. Our second quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, www.udr.com. In this supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although, we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in yesterday’s press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake the duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you'll be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Shelby and good afternoon everyone and welcome to UDR's second quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. The second quarter of 2015 was a busy and fruitful one for UDR. As we continue to execute on our two year strategic plan. This quarter was highlighted by favorable capital allocation and ongoing impressive operating results. As a result, we have again increased our full year same store growth and earnings guidance ranges. The following four topics highlight the second quarter. First, operations continue to accelerate throughout the second quarter with strong new lease and renewal rate growth leading to over 7% effective rent growth for the quarter. This is an increase of almost 300 basis points year-over-year and over 200 basis points ahead of the first quarter of 2015. Second, our development platform continues to perform very well. Our two communities in lease up the $218 million development in Boston seaport and $92 million participating loan Steele Creek development in Denver are well ahead of budgeted absorption and rent expectations. Including Steele Creek in the West Coast development joint venture projects, we will complete $310 million of accretive development in 2015 and $377 million in 2016. All of which will continue to drive cash flow and NAV growth. Third, we entered into an agreement to acquire up to $908 million of apartment communities in the Washington DC markets in conjunction with the announced merger between home properties and Lone Star funds. This transaction will allow us to increase our exposure to a recovering DC market at favorable pricing. It is consistent with our strategic plan as it will be immediately accretive to earnings, we will be able to issue OPE units at or above NAV and it improves our balance sheet metrics. And finally, we are increasing full year earnings guidance in same store growth ranges for the second time this year to reflect the strength evident in our operations. Since issuing initial guidance in February of 2015, we have increased revenue and NOI growth expectations at the midpoint by 125 and 175 basis points respectively. Additionally, we now expect full year FFO as adjusted growth to be close to 9% as compared to 6% at the start of the year. In short, we feel great about the reminder of 2015 and while it’s early we think 2016 is lining up to be another great year for UDR. With that, I'd like to express my sincere thanks to all my fellow UDR Associates for their extraordinary work in producing another strong quarter of results. We look forward to continued success in 2015. And I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Herzog: Thanks Tom. The topics I will cover today include our second quarter results, our balance sheet update, our development update, recent transactions and our revised full year 2015 guidance. Our second quarter earnings results were at or above the upper end of our previously provided guidance ranges. FFO, the FFO was adjusted and AFFO per share $0.41, $0.42 and $0.38 respectively. This was primarily driven by better than expected second quarter same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth which was strong at 5.4%, 1.8% and 6.8% respectively. Jerry will provide additional color in his prepared remarks. Next the balance sheet. During the quarter we've received an upgrade from S&P to BBB plus. At quarter end, our financial leverage on an un-depreciated cost basis was 37.5%. On a fair value basis, it was 28%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA were 6.2 times an inclusive of pro rata JVs it was 7.1 times. All metrics continue to improve as we had anticipated in our strategic plan. At quarter end, our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility was $446 million. Turning to development, we commence construction on our 516 home, $342 million specific city development at Huntington Beach, California. At quarter end, the pro rata share of our development pipeline totaled approximately $1.1 billion and our equity commitment was 69% funded. Currently, the estimated spread between stabilized yields and current market cap rates is at the top end of our targeted 150 to 200 basis points range. Additionally, our pro rata share of preferred equity and participating loan investments and West Coast development joint venture and Steele Creek totaled $363 million at quarter end and our equity commitment was 94% funded. As to future development, we continue to underwrite opportunities for the focus and we anticipate the size of our pipeline to remain in our targeted range of 900 million to a 1.4 billion. On to recent transactions, as previously announced in May, we closed on the West Coast development joint venture with the Wolff Company. We invested a 136 million or 48% interest in a portfolio of five communities that are currently under construction in our core coastal markets. Second, during the quarter, we announced an agreement was Lone Star and Home properties to acquire up to six communities valued at 908 million in recovering Washington DC markets. The terms of the transaction are dependent on the number of home OP unitholders converting to UDR common OP units which we will know next week. If all home OP unitholders convert to UDR common OP units the transaction will be funded through a combination of 753 million common OP units issued at $35 per unit, the assumption of $90 million of debt and $65 million in cash. This transaction is consistent with our strategic plan and provide several benefits. First, we’re able to select from homes entire portfolio and choose the specific assets the net our investment. These assets include the four newly constructed originally redeveloped properties and two properties which redevelop an opportunities. With our best-in-class operating platform, we hope to generate operating efficiencies and the acquired assets and there could be additional upside for the properties which we developed in potential. Second, if all home OP unit holders convert to UDR common OP units, the transactional positively impact our 2016 - metrics with that two assets improving by up to 175 basis points and net debt to EBITDA improving by up to 0.2 times. Third, the transaction will be predominantly funded with OP units to issue the in line with NAV and will have no associated the issuance cost. Lastly, the transaction will be accretive to FFO, FFO was adjusted in AFFO by up to one and half cents per share depending on the number of units issued and the assets acquired. A fewer than 100% of the home OP unit holders are like to convert will have the option to acquire less than the fixed properties will alternatively acquire some of the properties can 31 exchanges. We will issue a spate press release when we determine the number of OP units we will issue. More details on each transactions can be found under the presentation section of our website www.udr.com. Finally, we sold three communities containing 812 homes in three separate markets Orlando, Tampa and Portland for approximately 110 million. Sales were transacted at weighted average cash flow cap rate of 5.7% at an average monthly revenue per occupied home of $1190 and were 30 years old on average on the third quarter and full year 2015 updated guidance. We increased our full year FFO, FFO was adjusted and AFFO guidance ranges for the second time this year due primarily to stronger than expected operations. Our FFO guidance range increased by a penny of the midpoint and FFO was adjusted in AFFO guidance ranges increased by $0.2 at the mid points. Full year 2015 FFO was adjusted and AFFO per share and now for cash at $1.64 and $1.68, $1.63 to $1.67 and $1.46 to $1.50 respectively. The same store would be have increased full year 2015 revenue growth guidance by 75 basis points as the mid-point to 5.0 to 5.5% expense growth is unchanged at 2.5% to 3% and our NOI growth forecast is increased to 100 basis points as the mid-point to 5.75 to 6.75%. The increases were driven by strong in new and renewal rate growth and stable occupancy. Third quarter 2015 FFO, FFO was adjusted in AFFO per share guidance to $0.39 to $0.41 and $0.34 to $0.36 respectively. Other primary full year guidance assumptions can be found on attachment 15 or page 28 of our supplement. Finally, in the second quarter, we declared a quarterly common dividend of 27.75 per share or $1.11 per share when annualized. 7% above 2014 level and representing yield of approximately 3.3%. With that I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom and good afternoon. In my remarks, I’ll cover the following topics; first, our second quarter portfolio metrics, leasing trends and the rental rate growth we realized this quarter and an overview of our current operating strategy. Second, the performance of our core markets during the quarter and last a brief update on our development lease-ups and redevelopment progress. We are pleased to announce another stronger quarter of operating results. In the second quarter our same-store per occupied home increased by 5.3 percent year-over-year to $1,703. Occupancy was up 10 basis points to 96.9%, this lead to second quarter revenue growth of 5.4%. Our total portfolio revenue per occupied home at quarter end was $1,885 and close to JV's and armature homes. Our revenue growth for the first half of the year was 5.2% year-over-year as a result of a 4.9% increase in revenue per occupied home and an occupancy game of 30 basis points. As Tom mentioned earlier we increased our full year revenue guidance range to 5% to 5.5%. Our strategy this year has been to drive rate growth which will benefit both 2015 just importantly 2016. In the first half of 2015 we experienced the slight increase in occupancy compared to 2014. For the second half of the year we expect the same occupancy pick up. We are focused on continuing interest rate which will benefit 2016 revenue and NOI growth. That being said we still expect to maintain occupancy levels in the mid 96% range. Turning to new and renewal lease rate growth which is detailed on Attachment 8-E of our supplement. Our ability to push new lease rate growth continued to outpace historical precedent during the second quarter by wide margin, we grew in the lease rates by 7.7% in the second quarter, a full a full 410 basis point ahead of the second quarter of 2014. Renewal growth also remained robust at 7.0% in the second quarter or 150 basis points ahead of last year. In July, these trends continued with new lease and renewal rate growth of 7.8% and 7.3% respectively. The strength in pricing and demand served us the primary driver of our sizable 75 basis point increase in the same-store revenue at the midpoint or 125 basis points from our initial guidance provided in February. Second quarter expense growth of 1.8% came in on plan and brings our year-to-date growth 2.1%, for the full year we still expect the expenses to increase 2.75% which implied second half growth is more than 3%. In the third quarter we will begin seeing the phase out before 21G real estate tax payments at our two properties in the financial district in New York City. The expense related to these two properties in the second half of 2015 will be $375,000. Real estate taxes in general tended to be the expense line to con-fluctuate the most ever the make of our plan. Moving on to quarterly performance in our primary markets. These markets represent 66% of our same-store NOI and 72% of our total NOI. Orange County and Los Angeles combined represent 17% of our total NOI. Orange County posted year-over-year revenue growth of 6% and is outperforming versus our budget expectations thus far in 2015. Our Los Angeles portfolio posted strong second quarter revenue growth of 6.0% and acceleration over the 3.8% revenue recorded in the first quarter and we expect full year same-store growth to be right around 6% NOI. Although, the portfolio is concentrated in the Marina Del Rey and Playa Vista submarket which continue to be impacted by new supply. We are seeing new jobs enter the market which is an encouraging sign for 2016. Company such as Facebook, Google, Yahoo and Microsoft are all taking up space in the Playa Vista submarket with hundreds of smaller startups getting up shop along the coast from Santa Monica to Playa Vista. As we indicated a couple a years ago, the jobs are finally coming to this growing tech hub in Southern California. New York City represents 13% of our total NOI. We saw revenue growth of 5.7% year-over-year in New York and expect full year revenue growth to be in the mid 5s. We continue to benefit from our B quality portfolio in the New York City submarket and are encouraged by the 600 basis point reduction in turnover year-over-year. We believe this is primarily due to low home affordability as the reason to move out for home purchase is less than 5%. We continue to see a long runway of growth potential in our New York City portfolio. Metro DC which represents 13% of our total NOI posted year-over-year same store revenue growth of 2.1%. We are forecasting full year revenue growth of just under 2% in 2015. Job growth is returning and then some sub markets supply everything. The best performing sub markets for us in the quarter were on down - circle sub market in Capital Hill. We will continue to benefit from our diverse 50-50 mix of A and B assets located both inside and outside the beltway. We released rates in July or coming in a 2% renewals are over 4%. San Francisco, which represents nearly 12% of our total NOI continues to show no signs of slowing down have seen by revenue growth of 9.3% in the quarter. New lease rates growth to-date July is 15.3% and renewals are at 10.5%. Our results were mixed cross our sub markets. Santa Clara properties posted revenue growth in north of 12% a property along with Peninsula strong revenue growth of 10% in our south of market properties which are competing against new supply came in at 6%. We're seeing a wide spread in performance between As and Bs with Bs outperforming As quarter by 270 basis points. Seattle which represents 6.7% of our total NOI posted 6.1% revenue growth in the quarter. Our portfolio continue to benefit from the strong flow inherent in our suburban B asset those located in rent and North Seattle which are sub markets that are less exposed to new supply. Long-term continue to like to Downtown Seattle sub market as evidenced by recent post development joint venture transaction and believe that the ongoing creation of jobs by companies such as Amazon, Facebook, and Expedia will continue to drive demand in Seattle’s urban core. Boston which represents over 5% of our total NOI put a 5.5% revenue growth in the second quarter despite new supply pressure downtown. Our South Shore properties continue to see the least amount of new supply pressure followed by our North Shore downtown properties. Last, Dallas which represents just over 4.5% of our NOI posted 4.6% year-over-year same store revenue growth in the second quarter. Our Addison properties carried this market up Plano and Central Dallas lagged due to new supply that we expect we'll continue for the remainder of 2015. For the full year, we expect revenue growth to modestly accelerate from our second quarter results and coming around 5%. I'll turn now to our in-lease up developments, which you can find on attachments 9A and 9B or pages 21 and 22 of our supplements. And we recently completed redevelopment in 34. Our pro rata shares of these three properties represents over 400 - 100 tier 4 are 369 home $218 million development in Boston Seaport district with 69% leased and 57% occupied at quarter end and today its 81% leased and 65% occupied. The first move-ins in mid-March we are well ahead of our expectations on both rate and leasing volume. Asking rates a day of 477 per square ahead of our original underwriting of 430 per square foot. Currently we are leasing about 35 homes per month when the expected stabilized occupancy of 90% by October of this year. Steele Creek are 218 home participating loan investment of the Cherry Creek sub market of Denver its currently 60% leased and 45% physically occupied. The property is achieving rents in the 330 per square foot range versus initial underwriting with about 310 a foot. For the past two months our leasing velocity is averaging almost 30 applications per month. 34, our 739 home $98 million redevelopment in the Murray Hills neighborhood New York City its currently over 97% occupied and has been over 90% occupied for the prior fourth quarters. We have $3 million remaining to spend as we complete the roof top potentially the elevator banks are given stabilized occupancy we re-muted from your redevelopment schedule on the supplement this quarter. As a reminder it will be added to our same store pool in the first quarter of 2015. As we sit here today I can tell you that July results came in well ahead of plan thanks to our physical occupancy today is 96.5%. The new growth in August is projected to be roughly the same levels they were in July at 7.3% and leasing remained strong. If we continued pricing power stable occupancies in almost all of our markets these factors leave us very confident for the remainder of 2015. More importantly the impact from our rate increases today will be the catalyst for what we believe to be another strong year in 2016. With that I will open up the call to Q&A operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we’ll go to our first question from Nick Joseph with Citigroup.
Nick Joseph: Just two quick operating questions for DC, you mentioned improvement in the results in the job growth if there’s talk of supply picking up again, what’s the markets you think that supply could most likely come to and if the supply doesn’t categorize do you think DC could accelerate from here?
Jerry Davis: I’ll start with that and turn it over to Harry about the sub markets where the new supply is coming. We actually as you said Nick we’ve seen acceleration, we think we bottomed in four quarter of last year. As we look out to 2016 our expectation is revenue growth is going to accelerate from the roughly 2% that we’re expecting this year. we look at what we built in on renewal it’s renewals may come in north 4 and they’ve continued to do that in the month of July at 4.3% and new continues to be north of 2 so on a blended ratio probably a little lower 3% so I’d to guess today it would be higher revenue growth next year. we’re seeing some new supply today that’s continuing in our Del Rey sub markets which I mentioned in my prepared remarks, where having new suppliers reclaim that’s to finish up the lease up there, while still getting away about a month, a month and a half free. That being said, the other location that we’re located in we have a heavy presence along that new street, Logan Circle Port work is performing extremely well with revenue growth, 3%, 3.5% we would expect that one to continue to do well. As far as locations have new supply I know - tie this corner there’s quite a bit new supply coming inside the Del Rey, Harry you want to take that?
Harry Alcock: Other sub markets have several projects in some of these newer neighborhoods around the ballpark in the Southwest Waterfront we’re also getting to see a significant amount of new supply as Jerry mentioned around Del Rey in Northern Virginia we continue to see new supply in that sub market as well.
Nick Joseph: Thanks and then just in terms of occupancy you kept guidance of 96.5% which is 30 bps lower than what you saw in the first half and also 30 bps lower than the trailing 12 months are you expecting to give up some occupancy in the back half of the year to push rates or do you think that occupancy guidance could end up proven to be conservative?
Jerry Davis: Yeah it’s going to be a - conservative we didn’t think it was meaningful on that to change guidance but I do believe in the third quarter specially my occupancy would be less than it was last year as we drive to continue to push rate. But as I’ve stated again at the end of my remarks we’re at 96.5 today, I would expect for the next five months to run somewhere that 96.5 range which is probably a little bit of a decelerate or declined from last year but we’re not going to drop off to the point well below 96 as we averaged 96.5 for the year.
Nick Joseph: Great thanks.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Haendel Juste from Morgan Stanley.
Haendel St. Juste: Hey I guess good morning out there.
Jerry Davis: Hi Haendel.
Haendel St. Juste: So a question here on pro-forma of the acquisition of the home assets in DC, DC will be about 18% of your NOI is that a level you’re comfortable at? Are you inclined to add a bit more to region in covers or more inclined to call? And then second part of that question, it looks like the golden yield on the acquisition in some of the low fives. Just curious how you're underwriting NOI growth over the next couple of years as part of that acquisition.
Tom Toomey: Haendel this is Toomey, with respect to the comfort level around DC, we're comfortable with the 18% exposure I wouldn't see a climb to grow that above that level. Certainly we think the DC markets is obviously recovering values will continue to grow there. And at some point when look at calling some of the assets no particular time frame for that, but we're always looking to try to maximize the value and we think that market will rise DC probably '17, '18. Harry, you want to take the second question?
Harry Alcock: Sure in terms of underwriting assumptions, we property-by-property we assume revenue growth during the first year some more between 2% and 3% depending on the asset. One of the properties are at the park is completing lease up after their major redevelopment. That property we underwrote in the low-90s in the first year. It's currently around the mid-80s and push that up to 94% in the second year. So we have some second year upside on that asset in particular.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay, appreciate that. Are you looking or plus as we considering starting development projects in DC today and not to tie too much the question before I'm saying are you comfortable at the level where you're at 18% NOI. But just curious on your level of comfort to potentially pursue development opportunity in DC today.
Harry Alcock: Haendel its Harry, we don't currently have any land assets that are available for development in the short term. It is however a market that we would developing, it's a recovering market as we mentioned we typically like to have one property in each of our core development markets at a construction at any given time. And we're just completing the lease up of the --. We're hoping expectation of - sometime in the next year or two we will have another land asset that - and new construction started.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay and just as a follow up I'll have on the line Harry. Just curious the conversations with potential sellers here over the last couple of months with vigorous on peoples' mind. Any change in the number of opportunities we think come to the market and any change that - interactions with sellers.
Harry Alcock: Haendel its Harry. We haven't seen any significant change in the volume of opportunities available. There continue to be a significant amount of transactions. 2014 as you know that we're well over $100 billion on transaction volume. We expect 2015 to be something similar. In terms of interactions with the sellers it's a there is a lot of capital chasing these assets. If you don't we haven't had any interaction that would be unusual not sure exactly the question you're asking. But it continues to be very active transaction market.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Tom Toomey: Thank you.
Operator: And we go now to Dan Oppenheim with Zelman & Associates.
Dan Oppenheim: Thank you very much. I was wondering if you can talk about the idea of so the turnover. How much of that is being driven by just the upper view of front and just an ability to current resistance to handle that. You talked a lot recently about handlings of being happy with low conversion and pushing rents. Wondering overall that capital demand they're seeing in terms of the income qualifications for the residents.
Jerry Davis: Sure this is Jerry. I guess to start with we've seen move outs due to rent increase probably go 300 basis point over the last year or so from 6% of the reasons from new loan to little under 10%. So still with the level that we're comfortable with. And we look at total turnover in the quarter it was up 110 basis points compared to the second quarter of last year. The majority of the reason for that is we had a higher number of lease explorations in the second quarter when we had back in 2014 second quarter of about 350 leases. Probably two or three years ago we started an effort to move more and more explorations from first and fourth quarter and to the middle two quarters primarily because new lease rate growth those high demand time is typically 200 to 300 basis points higher and that’s what it was this year when second quarter the lease rate growth was 7.7% compared to 4.2% in the first quarter of this year. So, we pushed it to that level, we also would expect third quarter which will have probably a 100 to 200 more exploration from we had last year to also have turnover at for higher than it was last year but then we’ll get into the fourth quarter we would think turnover would be a little bit less than last year. So when you look at the entire year, turnover should roughly be flat with what it was last year. When you look at rent income, really have been seen much of the changes instruct a little towards in the high teens pushing 20%, I would tell you those. That is not as a soft number meaning. Half of my residents probably lived with on average three to five years our average ten year is something like 25 months. We only qualify people at the time so we don’t qualify them, so over that three to five year period they’ve been getting salary increases so I think any time you hear any others talk about rent income levels, you should realize, we don’t go back in recertify the never income. I tend to love more as my turnover going up when I am pushing right, when I am looking California in the West Coast when has been pushing right the most over the last year, year and half, turnover is actually down in places like San Francisco, Orange County and locations like that on the year-to-date basis. And then the other thing I look at is if you’re pushing too hard some people will be new when they turn into bad debt as they become a - infection. My bad debt has actually gone down year-over-year to the point this year it’s at less than 0.2% of our gross potential rate so I look at those two metrics a little bit more because they are harder numbers and easier to measure and if we see a situation where either my bad debt starts to spike or my turnover starts grew up dramatically as in better indicator to me that I pushed too hard.
Dan Oppenheim: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good afternoon. It’s Austin in for Jordon. Jerry you mentioned that you feel like you have a long runway for growth in New York I was wondering if you could just provide some additional detail and your comments and what really gives you the confidence that with supply increases in 2016 in the burn-off of 421
Jerry Davis: Well, the main thing as the 421 is not my same store those 421 is that our Columbus square property which is a joint venture. On the same store side, what really gives me the most confidence is when I look at the right growth that I’ve been getting this year and in New York we got 8.4% in second quarter on new, 7% on renewals, in the month of July I knew as it 9.3% so we see strength and incoming traffic and incoming residence rather, the other thing is two more properties in financial districts or the World Trade Center starting to be occupied and retail coming down there it’s becoming much more of available space. And I guess thirdly, when we look at our portfolio there it’s a deep product to the properties in financial districts one in Chelsea and then - 34 or the former - will come into same store in the first quarter which is finishing redevelopment there. Also our deep properties that none of them will compete the with the new supply that what we come into mid count of west, and there is going to be a different price points so we just have not seen the impact of new supply are feeling right now was will continue to not be directly affected. Our property of North Columbus square does feel a little bit of the effect of Herston Yards in Mid-Cont. West but it’s still producing revenue growth in order to 4%. Now Harry do you want to talk about the supply in New York?
Harry Alcock: Well, there has been a lot of reports written that publicize the significant supply on number of permits pulled in May and June in New York City. The primary reason as developers will trying to get under the exploration of 421A program the program since is been extended but certainly not as developer friendly as with additional affordable housing units that some of them are going to be required. So we saw some more than close to 8000 units in Manhattan or - more than in the months of May and June. Even more and Brooklyn and somewhere in the neighborhood of 35,000 permits have been pulled in all the deferrals over the last couple of months.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the detail there. And then just on the capital side, I was wondering looking at their source of funds outlined in guidance for $750 million to $900 million. Does that contemplate the potential units issued for the HMA transactions?
Tom Herzog: This is Herzog, no it does not. But the home transaction there would be units in addition to that's been described in the sources we spoken to you earlier.
Unidentified Analyst: So then how would you really think about the mix of capital raising throughout the balance of the year to the extent you feel comfortable that the HMA deal is going to go through is currently structured.
Tom Herzog: Well if the fact was that when we look at our sources who uses for the balance of the year, we've got about $200 million to $250 million left to fund in total. And that's really unchanged when we spoke to last quarter. It will be some combination of sales, or it could be stock or could be debt whatever we conclude at the time if provides the best pricing and it's the best outcome for our investors. So as far as home, again the majority of that come through OP units that depends on how many of the home OP unitholders convert to duty units, as to what will actually look like. And we'll have those numbers sometime in the next couple of weeks.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for the detail.
Tom Herzog: Yeah we've got some optionality obviously on whether we would kick from assets out of if we didn't have full conversion or do - ones or the - we're in good shape on that side.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: And we go now to Drew Bawin with Robert W. Baird.
Drew Bawin: Hi guys. Hoping you could talk through the unsecured debt market right now and what you're seeing in terms of spreads and what you should think about from modeling purposes in terms of the potential bond offering in the next couple quarters.
Tom Toomey: Yeah we day we raised the BBB plus by S&P and AA one by Moody's last year. The current spreads are probably in the range on a 10 year deal 160 to maybe upwards of 170 basis point all and spread including lesser concessions but probably closer to about 160 mark is my guess. So that's the spread what that - we're doing.
Drew Bawin: Okay, and just couple of guidance side. And certainly if you could talk through the increase in G&A expenses while as the large JV FFO guidance.
Tom Toomey: Yeah the increase in G&A is going to be just two things, we've had outperformance during the year against what we have set forth is our plan. And therefore the incentive programs payout at a higher rate. And that's what the increase in the guidance that we set forth on the cash run. 15 years for that. And then as far as the joint ventures that would then be the Wolff JV and then also the addition of Steele Creek some offset for the Texas JV and then there is a few other moving parts within that, but those are probably numbers.
Drew Bawin: Okay guys, that's helpful. Thank you.
Tom Toomey: Thank you.
Operator: And we're going now to Dave Brad [ph] with Greenstreet Advisors.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Couple of questions on dispositions, first can you remind us what level of CapEx is reserved for in your cash flow cap rate?
Harry Alcock: Of the cash flow cap rate Dave this is Harry includes $11.50 per unit in CapEx.
Unidentified Analyst: Is that a consistent assumption anytime we see that from UDR is that the right number to apply?
Harry Alcock: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thank you. And what's the disposition pipeline working like from here?
Jerry Davis: Well Dave it depends. We've got maybe another I guess I would back up. We put it into that tool we’ve got 250 million left of fund at home and that’s going to be some combination of sales debt inside. So again the funding means are not great, I hate to put a number on it because it could change during the year based on conditions.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and you have been planning on a bond offering earlier in the year what’s the latest on that front?
Jerry Davis: We’ve been looking at ten year deal towards the end of last quarter and we’ve got about two-thirds hedge rates now from a treasury perspective so we’re looking on massive hurry on that. We bumped into the Greece and Chinese prices which has the market - that’s choppy and too critical so probably better off to look to sometimes probably in the early parts of the third quarter so that’s still part of the plan but we decided to push that again.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and the last question is there anything qualitative you can share with us regarding the solicitation of home OPU in the quarters?
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey Dave, to compare the question this time we’ll have an answer a couple of weeks and so we probably just be able to come out with a press release shortly thereafter with the facts and so speculating between now and then clearly doesn’t reflects our focus.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood can you just explain to us how the process works?
Tom Toomey: I'm sorry David in terms of what?
Unidentified Analyst: Communication? Yeah the communication between UDR and OPU in orders?
Tom Toomey: We’ve been working in conjunction with the Cape Of Home, and have been having the conversations meetings and dialog with the whole OPU dealers, unit holders both come and explain the trends actually among the home people as well as explain the options and have received a 700 page offering document so as you mind that it’s clearly complex so we our day-to-day dialogue with them.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go now to Rob Stevenson with Janney.
Rob Stevenson: Good afternoon guys, Jerry in terms of the increase in the same store revenue guidance was there one or two particular markets that were releasing the back half of the year or thus far this year where it’s really surprise versus where you started the quarter with progress?
Tom Toomey: Yeah that’s a great question and really the bulk of the increase well let me put it this way, we only have one market that is not hitting the original business plan and that’s not a material market its’ Michigan Virginia, every one of my other markets is above plan and they vary to some degree. I would state the biggest surprises to original guidance have come West Coast, going from and mostly from Northern California up through the Pacific Northwest have helped perform by quite a bit to our original expectations. Also a following that the two Texas markets both Dallas and Houston are holding a better in the faith of new supply than we originally expected and when we get beyond that where there is so caliber rest of the some belt through the Mid Atlantic they are all doing better than original plan but the biggest drivers were Northwest.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then Harry would you think today in terms of construction cost you guys are starting with new developments I mean it’s where, where the goods cost have been sort of six, 12 months ago on these projects versus today and where are you seeing the biggest upward push?
Harry Alcock: So from over the last couple of years we consistently saw double-digit cost increases I can tell you today as because we’re looking to start new projects and are looking forward to the next four, six, eight, 10 months. The cost increases have moderated in fact we’re starting to see decreases in certain materials, steel has come down 10% plus over the past years, lumber has come down 0.56% over the past year so as we look forward as cost increases have moderated we’re now looking at sort of a mid-single-digit type cost increases, the labor market in certain locations continues to be challenging and is pushing back in some of these material declines. Though we've gone from kind of mid-double digit type increases mid-teens down to mid-single digits.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then just lastly in your urban core, what do you think these days in terms of both ground up condo development as well as condo conversions?
Harry Alcock: Rob this is Harry. So that really was the first market where that materialized the condo boom. It's manifested itself in land prices which has gone up significantly and so far few were apartment, projects will pent up projects will pencil now is for multi-family use. It's migrated a little bit to say Francisco where you are seeing for example a project right across from our 399 Fremont deal has been sold to a condo converter. The project has completed a lease up and now - so we are seeing that a little bit in San Francisco. In other markets we're not seeing it to California a little bit in Boston. But really a lot in New York. Some in San Francisco and then just small number in another markets.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. Thanks guys.
Tom Toomey: Thanks Rob.
Operator: And we go now to Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Just one quick question, Tom. What's the actual Treasury lock rate that you have for the debt deal?
Tom Toomey: We came in at about let me check back on it. There is about 245 and there was like 20 basis points of forward carry.
Steve Sakwa: So kind of a Treasury and 265 plus the spread of 160 you talked about?
Tom Toomey: Yeah.
Steve Sakwa: Okay, great. Thanks.
Tom Toomey: Yeah.
Operator: And now we go to Ian Weissman with Credit Suisse.
Ian Weissman: Just two questions and maybe you can give us an update on that potential 6th acquisition from Wolff and what sort of been the issue with finalizing that transaction.
Warren Troupe: Sure, this is Warren. We are currently negotiation on the sixth asset. We are hopeful that we will be able to consummate that within near future. The issue is that there is an already partner on the both side and we've also had to include them in negotiation which have been - over the last couple of weeks.
Ian Weissman: Alright. Okay and finally just it has been focused on DC in New York just turn to LA for a second both of you and Avalon reported a pretty nice jump in revenue growth in that market. It's only been a long time coming. Maybe you can just talk about some of the drivers in LA today and what you think sustainable growth is in that market?
Jerry Davis: Yeah, this is Jerry and you are right. We are excited to actually participate in some of the higher revenue growth this quarter after having a discipline 3.8% growth in its fourth quarter. We turned it rather 6%. This quarter our expectation full year revenue growth in Los Angeles for us will be more than 6% and really what's driven if we're UDR, I would remind you talk of our same-store portfolio and then we're going to double rate and there has been quite a bit of the new tech job coming in Playa Vista. Over the last two years we've had new equipment supply come to Playa. So it came the proceeded the job growth. But the jobs are finally starting to come. I think in addition to that what goes from Santa Monica into the down town area is helping dry grades in the West side. As another benefit we more recently seen in Marian Del Ray portfolio is rental rates in Santa Monica has been driving people just throughout head down the coast 5 or 6 miles to us. New supply is coming in LA right now. It's kind of shifted from that West side. It taking down town right now and we're seeing a little bit of pressure down there. But we're still optimistic about down town as this is becoming much more of a believable city with retail and night life and some job through. But again as I stated earlier, our same-store pool is heavily concentrated among the area and we're finally starting to see the job growth in some of our apartments.
Ian Weissman: And is there been a shift in cap rates in that market just now that the momentum is building.
Tom Toomey: Cap rates have been low in that market for some time. We haven't seen any noticeable decline in the cap rates today. They have been and continue to be very, very low the good product in Los Angeles area.
Ian Weissman: Okay I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: And we go now to Brian Peterson with Sandler O'Neill Investments.
Brian Peterson: Thanks hey guys. Just a quick question back to unsecured, you guys even though given a consideration to shorter terms and then 10 years. Just start some peers speak about that and the relative pricing attractiveness and wondering whether you would have ever consider.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey, yeah when we look at our debt maturity schedule, we've got a pretty good open slot with very little maturing and 10 years out. So we probably pick that window. And that being said we're looking at the price differential of really our overall governing element is to try to keep that level later maturity schedule.
Brian Peterson: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And now we go to John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: Thank you. I had a question on your same-store expenses in your MetLife joint venture. They increased significantly during the quarter and much higher than your balance sheet assets. Was there a specific reason for this and is there something that may translate into your own portfolio given there is been overlap in geography.
Tom Toomey: No those are typically just related to real-estate taxes either increase this year or refunds last year. I can remember specifically on those what drove it to that level. But I'm pretty sure we did recognize some real-estate tax refund to some of the California assets last year. We may have got and hit with an increase in one of our Texas markets this year. So it’s purely real-estate taxes.
John Kim: Okay. And then on the turnaround that you've had in DC on new leases. Can you elaborate if there is particular price point only this sub market that you're finding more success in recently?
Tom Toomey: Really it's interesting that are doing better than they did last year. A year ago the spread between - was probably 500 to 600 basis point is compressed in the point today. Where it's closer to what it is in our total company which is somewhere in the 100 to 150 basis point differential. As I stated earlier, we're finding some of that urban core A product downtown in Logan circle, Thomas circle and New Street which are right in the same general area are very strong. Our property in Arlington village is probably almost struggling property today because of their supply. And the B assets outside the beltway are continuing to do fairly well but I would say our strongest sub-market inside that way is that - corridor.
John Kim: Okay. And then finally on dispositions have you disclosed with your IRRs or economic gains are on the asset sales that you've completed this quarter.
Tom Toomey: We have not but we can now take it Harry.
Harry Alcock: It's Harry the three assets we sold this quarter those the weighted average IRR was around 11%. So we had kind of a 12% or 9% and then 11% for the three assets that sold. We're probably sold the Texas JV in the first quarter and about 14% so for the year we're at about 12% unlevered IRR for the asset base.
John Kim: All of those numbers you mentioned unlevered IRRs?
Harry Alcock: Yes.
John Kim: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go now to West Causley [ph] with RBC Capital Markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello everyone with the labor market tightening are you seen any turnover at the property level and also at the construction level.
Jerry Davis: I'll start with the property this is Jerry and then Harry can take construction. Turnout was up by here year-over-year and it's predominantly in the high apartment supply markets. So when look at DC Seattle places like that we feel depth of bit of pressure but nothing significant. I do think as we look into 2016, we're going to see a little bit more wage pressure. Whereas year-to-date our personnel expenses up about 3.5%, I'm guessing it's going to be about 100 basis points higher than that in 2016. Harry?
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. On the construction side, it's a very high labor market for construction management personnel. We've lost one person this year and they're in the process of replacing him we've added a couple of others as new projects have started. But it's a very competitive labor market.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks a lot for taking the questions.
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions. I'll turn the call back to Tom Toomey for closing remarks.
Tom Toomey: Thank you operator and thank all of you for your time and interest in UDR. As we've gotten two quarters down in the year it's very good year for us. We looking forward to the second half with this continued strength and our performance. And certainly the team is remains focused on the strategic plan the execution of it and building to the strength of 2016 and then we think that's going to be a good year as well. So with that thank you and take care.
Operator: This concludes our conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-28 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelby Noble - Head, IR Tom Toomey - President and CEO Tom Herzog - SVP and CFO Jerry Davis - SVP and COO Warren Troupe - Senior EVP Harry Alcock - SVP, Asset Management
Analysts: Nick Joseph - Citigroup Jana Galan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steve Sakwa - Evercore ISI John Kim - BMO Capital Markets Dan Oppenheim - Zelman & Associates Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Nick Yulico - UBS Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Jordan Sadler - KeyBanc Capital Markets Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Connor Wagner - Greenstreet Advisors
Operator: Good day, and welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2015 Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Shelby Noble. Please go ahead.
Shelby Noble: Welcome to UDR’s first quarter 2015 financial results conference call. Our first quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to the Investor Relations section of our Web site, www.udr.com. In this supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although, we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in yesterday’s press release and included in our filings with the SEC. And we do not undertake the duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you'll be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Shelby and good afternoon everyone and welcome to UDR's first quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. The first quarter of 2015 was another great quarter for UDR and our business is firing in all cylinders. As a result of great execution from operations, exceptional lease up velocity and a new strategic investment, we increased our full year same-store and earnings guidance ranges. In short, we continue to execute on our previously communicated 2 year strategic plan, with transparent strength of fundamentals and our diligent capital allocation we feel great about the plan and our ability to deliver on it. The following four topics highlight our first quarter. First, our operations outperformed versus our initial expectations and historical norms due to exceptional new lease rate growth, strong renewal rate growth and a continued focus on containing cost. These trends continued as we move into our prime leasing season in the second quarter. Second, our development lease-up continue to perform very well. We are exceeding our budgeted lease up absorption and realizing rents in excess of our initial projections at Beach & Ocean in Huntington Beach and our 100 Pier 4 in Boston Seaport area. We expect to complete 326 million of a previous development in 2015, which will continue to drive our cash flow and NAV growth. Third, subsequent to quarter-end we entered into a joint venture agreement with The Wolff Company in a portfolio of five communities that are currently under construction. The venture will provide UDR with a pipeline of over 1,500 new homes with an accelerated delivery schedule and anticipated completions beginning in 2015 and ending in 2017. All of the communities are located in core coastal markets including Metro Seattle, Los Angeles and Orange County. Tom will address the economics and the benefit to UDR in his prepared remarks. Fourth, we are increasing our full year same-store and earnings guidance ranges to reflect the strength evident in our operations and the accretive nature of the venture that I just mentioned. Better operations and the venture contributed a penny each versus previously announced guidance. Lastly, our prospects look fantastic as we enter the second quarter. Our mix of A and B quality communities in northern and suburban locations should continue to generate strong operating results. As I indicated earlier April trends were well above our initial forecast and May looks like it will continue to accelerate. There remains a long runway for growth at UDR and we have the right plan and team in place to capitalize on the opportunities. With that, I’d like to express my sincere thanks to all my fellow UDR associates for their extraordinary work in producing another strong quarter of results. I’d also like to welcome Shelby Noble to the UDR team as our new Head of Investor Relations and express my gratitude to Chris Van Ens for all his hard work and along over the past 3 years. I know he will be very successful working with Jerry on the operating team. We look forward to continued success in 2015. I’ll now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Herzog: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include our first quarter results, our balance sheet and capital markets update, our development update, recent transactions and our revised full year 2015 guidance. Our first quarter earnings of results were at the upper-end of our previously provided guidance ranges. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.43, $0.40 and $0.37, respectively. This was driven by better than expected first quarter same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth which were strong at 5.1%, 2.5% and 6.2% respectively. Jerry will provide additional color in his prepared remarks. Next, the balance sheet. At quarter-end our financial leverage on an undepreciated cost basis was 37.5%, on a fair value basis, it was around 28%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 6.4 times inclusive of pro rata JV’s it was 7.3 times, all metrics continued to improve as planned. At quarter-end our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity was 517 million. On the capital markets, as previously disclosed we issued 109 million of equity net of fees through our ATM program during the quarter, the shares were issues at a premium to consensus NAV. Turning to development. We commenced construction on our 155 home $99 million Domain Mountain View development in Mountain View, California in a 50-50 joint venture with Metlife. At quarter-end the pro rata share of our underway development pipeline totaled 838 million and was 73% funded with an estimated spread between stabilized yields and market cap rate and at the upper-end of our targeted 150 to 200 basis point range. As to future development we continue to underwrite opportunities with a bicoastal focus and we anticipate the size of our pipeline to be in the targeted range of 900 million to 1.4 billion by mid-year. On to recent transactions. As previously announced, we completed the disposition of our 20% interest in our Texas JV. We realized net proceeds of approximately 43 million on the sale inclusive of a promote and disposition fee of approximately 9.6 million. These were recognized in the first quarter but excluded from FFO as adjusted and AFFO. This disposition was well timed as it eliminated our exposure to Houston, reduced our exposure to Dallas and generated a strong IRR of approximately 14%. As Tom mentioned subsequent to quarter-end we entered into a joint venture agreement with The Wolff Company to invest 136 million for a 48% interest and a portfolio of five communities that are currently under construction. Our investment is based on an initial all-in price of 559 million. We are discussing a fixed asset with our partners that we may add before closing which would represent an approximate 20% increase to both our initial all-in price and investment. This transaction is beneficial on a variety of ways. First, we received a 6.5% preferred return on 136 million investment. So the transaction would be immediately accretive to FFO and avoid their earnings drag associated with typical development projects. Second, assuming all five of the communities are acquired, we estimate NAV creation of approximately 80 million at current market cap rates. Third, this transaction increases our exposure to high quality communities located in our core coastal markets for multifamily supply demand fundamentals appear favorable for the foreseeable future. Fourth, the JV is less risky than a typical development as construction is already underway on all five of the communities. Our partner has provided certain guarantees the 136 million to be paid represents our entire reported investment in the venture and there is no promoted structure to our partner. Fifth, four of the five communities are located within a mile of an existing UDR community, thereby enhancing similarity with anticipated operations and valuations. And finally, with lease up starting on average in seven months we’re able to take advantage of current fundamental market strength. Additionally, given our accelerated ability to exercise our purchase options ranging from 22 to 36 months from today, we view this transaction as having elements of a financing arrangement with an option to purchase rather than simply a traditional joint venture. We are excited about the accretive nature of this transaction, additional details are available on our first quarter press release and the West Coast Development joint venture presentation posted on our Web site. On to the second quarter and full year 2015 updated guidance. We increased our full year FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO guidance ranges by $0.02 at the midpoint due to stronger than expected operations and accretion from the development joint venture. Full year 2015 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share are now forecast at $1.63 to $1.67, $1.61 to $1.65 and $1.44 to $1.48 respectively. For same-store we have increased our full year 2015 revenue growth guidance by 50 basis at the midpoint to 4.25% to 4.75%. Expense growth is unchanged at 2.5% to 3% and increased our NOI growth forecast by 75 basis points at the midpoint to 4.75% to 5.75%. The increase was driven by strong new and renewal rate growth, total occupancy and lower turnover. Second quarter 2015 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance is $0.39 to $0.41, $0.39 to $0.41 and $0.34 to $0.36 respectively. From a sources and uses perspective we have updated our sales proceeds and debt and equity issuance guidance at the midpoint from 775 million to 825 million. This net 50 million increase is the result of an increase in our acquisition guidance to account for the development joint venture transaction mentioned earlier and the removal of 75 million of assumed land acquisitions. As to funding our capital needs for the year, to-date we received 43 million from our Texas JV disposition. We issued 109 million of equity on our ATM and have 65 million of assets under contract for sale. Assuming a 300 million bond offering late in the second quarter we have only 250 million to 300 million of remaining capital funding needs for the year. As we outlined in our call last quarter, we will continue to utilize the most advantageous source of capital to fund these needs typically either through asset sales through equity issuance at or above NAV. Other primary full year guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15 or Page 25 of our supplement. Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.2775 per share in the first quarter or $1.11 per share when annualized, 7% above 2014’s level and representing a yield of approximately 3.3%. With that I’ll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom and good afternoon. In my remarks, I’ll cover the following topics; first, our first quarter portfolio metrics, leasing trends and the rental rate growth we realized this quarter and early results for the second quarter. Second, how our primary markets during the quarter and last a brief update on our development lease-ups. We’re pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the first quarter same-store net operating income grew 6.2% driven by a 5.1% year-over-year increase in revenue, that was above our expectations and a 2.5% increase in expenses. Our same-store revenue per occupied home increased by 4.6% year-over-year to $1,659 per month. Our same-store occupancy of 96.7% was 60 basis points higher versus the prior year period. Total portfolio revenue per occupied home was $1,836 per month including pro rata JVs. Our first quarter revenue growth was well above our original forecast and was driven by widespread strength across our markets. Stable job growth, limited impact from new multi-family supply, a single family housing market that is still finding its footing, significant demand from new Millennial households and incremental demand from empty-nesters are all helping. Turning to new and renewal lease rate growth which is detailed on Attachment 8-E of our supplement. Our ability to push new lease rate growth continued to outpace historical precedent during the first quarter by wide margin, we grew in the lease rates by 4.2% in 1Q, a full 320 basis point ahead of the first quarter of 2014. Renewal growth also remained robust at 5.7% in the first quarter or 60 basis points ahead of last year. In April, these trends continued with new lease and renewal rate growth of 6.3% and 6.8% respectively. Our leasing success in conjunction with stable, sequential occupancy and lower year-over-year turnover gives us plenty of confidence that demand is more than sufficient to continue pushing rates higher throughout the upcoming prime leasing season. These factors also served as the primary drivers of our sizeable 50 basis point increase in same-store revenue guidance at the midpoint. Next, rents as a percentage of our residents’ income decreased slightly to 17.2%. Move-outs to home purchase were flat year-over-year at 14% in line with our long-term average. Even with renewal increases at a healthy 5.7% in the first quarter, only 6.8% of our move-outs gave rent increases the reason for leaving. Moving on to quarterly performance in our primary markets. These markets represent 65% of our same-store NOI and 71% of our total NOI. Orange County and Los Angeles combined represent 17% of our total NOI. Orange County posted year-over-year revenue growth of 5.8% and is outperforming versus our budget expectations thus far in 2015. Our Los Angeles portfolio is concentrated in Marina Del Rey and Playa Vista submarket and continues to be impacted by new supply in the submarket. As a result, our first quarter year-over-year revenue drove 3.8% lag versus the overall LA market. However, we still expect full year same-store revenue growth of just under 5% for Los Angeles. New York City represents 13% of our total NOI. Our downtown assets posted combined rent growth of 6.5% in the first quarter while maintaining occupancy at just under 98%. Lower Manhattan remains attractive as the result of limited new supply, strong job growth in the technology, finance, media and advertising fields and low housing affordability which limits move-outs to home purchase. Metro DC which represents 12.5% of our total NOI posted year-over-year same-store revenue growth of 1.9%, compared to a negative 50 basis points in 4Q of 2014. We are forecasting 1.5% to 2% revenue growth in 2015, as we continue to benefit from our diverse 50-50 mix of A and B assets located both inside and outside the Beltway. San Francisco which represents nearly 12% of our total NOI shows no sign slowing down as new and renewal lease rate growth in the first quarter and April point to another strong year for the Bay area. Same-store revenue growth in the first quarter reached 9%. Submarket-wise results were more mixed with our Downtown properties posting 5% top-line growth due to the impact of new supply and compared against 11% growth at our properties on Peninsula and in the Silicon Valley. Seattle which represents 6.5% of our total NOI continue to benefit from the strong growth inherent in our suburban B assets which are located in submarkets which are less exposed to new supply. Long-term we continue to like the Downtown Seattle submarket and believe that the ongoing creation of new jobs by companies such as Amazon, Facebook and Expedia will continue to drive demand in Seattle’s urban core. Boston which represents 5% of our total NOI continues to see new supply pressure Downtown. Our suburban assets north of the city and to a lesser degree those on the south shore should fair relatively better in 2015. Last, Dallas, which represents just over 4.5% of our NOI posted 4.4% year-over-year same-store revenue growth in the first quarter. We expect new supply to pressure our Uptown and Plano communities in 2015. For the full year we expect revenue growth to modestly decelerate from our first quarter results and come in around 4.0%. I’ll turn now to our recently completed and in-lease up developments, which you can find on Attachment 9 or Page 19 of our supplement. These three properties represent $400 million or roughly 48% of our pipeline. Beach & Ocean, our 173 home $52 million lease-up in Huntington Beach was 91% leased and 85% occupied at quarter-end. We are ahead of budget and exceeding our lease-up expectations. Asking rents today are just over $3 per square foot or $0.30 ahead of budget. I’d like to remind you this property is located three miles from our Bella Terra project that was stabilized a year ago and it’s just a mile from our oceanfront development site Pacific City which we plan to start at the end of the second quarter. DelRay Tower, our 332 home $132 million lease up in Alexandria, Virginia remains challenged by the weak DC market. But we’re confident in its long-term prospects. We are currently offering concessions of about two months in this oversupplied submarket in order to hold rate and maintain leasing velocity to reach our budgeted occupancy. Long-term, we believe in the DelRay submarket where we built an exceptional property. Lastly, we’re extremely pleased with the first three months of leasing of our 369 home $218 million 100 Pier 4 development in Boston’s Seaport District. We’ve taken over 120 applications in the month of March and April well above our expectations. At quarter-end the property was 31% leased as of today it is 50% leased 17% occupied asking rents of 4.70 per square foot are ahead of original underwriting. Pier 4’s waterfront location is surrounded by new office building construction and is only a five minute walk to the Downtown Financial District and Boston’s South Station Train hub. Several major employees are relocating to the Seaport district including Goodwin Procter which is relocating its Boston headquarters in 2016 and taking 380,000 square feet, State Street Bank which is relocating from the Back Bay taking 485,000 square feet and PWC which is slated to take 334,000 square feet as well. We’ve experienced exceptional leasing demand ahead of these transformational events and are excited as the area continues to attract new potential residents. April results came in well ahead of plan, as we look ahead to the next few months we see continued and improving pricing power and stable occupancy. All-in we had a great first quarter and we remain very positive on the outlook for multifamily fundamentals and our ability to execute during the peak leasing season and throughout the remainder of 2015. With that, I’ll open up the call to Q&A, operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph: Can you talk about how the development JV was sourced and what the benefit is to your partners for executing the transaction at this time?
Harry Alcock: Nick this is Harry, Wolff was in the market looking for capital partners and given our sort of recent experience with Steele Creek we started talking to them about a similar type structure which is how this thing evolved from our partners perspective I assume there are a number of benefits that they could communicate but I know specifically they’ve got a couple of benefits, one they get to return money to an open-ended fund and redeploy it and secondly they were specifically over allocated on the development front to certain of these markets.
Nick Joseph: And then stabilized estimated yield of 5% on current rents or on trended rents?
Harry Alcock: That’s on trended rents we have grown rents up 3% on average over the next couple of years through stabilization.
Operator: Next would be Jana Galan with Bank of America.
Jana Galan: Jerry I appreciate you’re going to the core markets, it sounded like DC and Dallas revenue growth are expected to decelerate as we make our way through the year but every other market looks to be are gaining…?
Jerry Davis: Now that is true, actually DC will be close to flat we expect DC for the full year to come in between 1.5% to 2% we’re starting to see the Downtown area as I said in my remarks get closer to the same types of growth as we saw in the suburbs over the last year or so they’re roughly even in that 1.5% range today. A big part of that is most of those assets last year were combating against the lease ups and therefore I have an offer I am going to have free of concessions when those have gone away. But the rest of the portfolio as you noted we are seeing a continuing growth in revenue when we first gave our guidance back in early February we felt our numbers were realistic given our economic data at the time, even though at that time we were seeing a lot of the operating trends on the ground that were showing strength, that was a little early in the year as we got further into the year we've seen the rate growth continue to accelerate sequentially and just as an example I would tell you that in the month of February our blended rate growth between new and renewals was 4.9% in March that grew to 5.6% in April it's jumped up to 6.6% so it has been going up 50 to 100 basis points a month even though we don't expect that pace to continue we do anticipate that the growth will continue to go higher just not the same level of increases each month But I can also say in the month of May I would expect it to be higher that was in April with 6.6 I’d also like to point out that we sent out renewals for the month of June and renewals in June are averaging at over 7% portfolio wide but there is a fairly wide disparity between the strongest markets which are the West Coast where renewals are pushing very high single-digits in the Sunbelt and Mid Atlantic are at the bottom those are about 5% renewal increases right in the middle close to the midpoint of what we are sending out is the Northeastern markets of New York as well as Boston so big disparity and I would remind you that typically we realize very close to what we have sent out so the seven should be a pretty good strong number. Today also just to get this out of the way our fiscal occupancy is 97% and what's really impressive to me and this really speaks to the broad success or strength of the rental markets that we’re in we don’t have a single market that has fiscal occupancy today less than 95.8% and when I look at our new lease rate growth in April our blended rate growth in April compared to the month of March 90% of my markets are higher in April than they were in March. So, going back to what you said we see continued strength and it's virtually across the board.
Jana Galan: And then just following up Tom had mentioned that you maybe adding a one project to the West Coast Development joint venture and Harry you said The Wolff Company was over allocated to Southern California I was just curious if there is opportunity to add more to the JV?
Tom Toomey: Yes. Just in and Jana you are talking about the land development JV or about Wolff? Yes we have five assets that are included in the JV currently there is a sixth asset that is currently being considered by both parties and we may add that prior to closing so yes that would be a West Coast asset as well.
Jana Galan: And any other opportunity to work more with them?
Tom Toomey: We do have a pipeline of additional development opportunities that is something that we would discuss with them once we move forward.
Operator: Next would be Steve Sakwa with Evercore ISI.
Steve Sakwa: Just a couple of quick questions on The Wolff side just to be clear with the five and the potential sixth was that kind of the entire current existing pipeline or did they have a portfolio of 15 and you went in and in effect pick out these five or six assets?
Warren Troupe: Steve. This is Warren. They recently had a portfolio of 10 that they presented to us and when we looked at the 10 the six that we've been talking about are the ones that we thought had the promise for us.
Steve Sakwa: And then I guess for Tom Herzog if you kind of think about NAV and consensus NAV I mean we're hearing more companies kind of using consensus NAV as the maybe the justification for issuing equity the companies don't always provide kind of their own views on NAV but just how do you -- it is just I guess to the extent that there was a large disparity between your own internal and consensus, how do you sort of rationalize that and is there a at which you probably would not issue equity in?
Tom Herzog: Yes, Steve. Certainly we look at consensus NAV it is an easy number for us to speak to, because it's produced by a sell side analyst, but we absolutely do our own NAV internally every quarter and then we bump that up against consensus before we consider issuing equity so that definitely comes into our capital. Did I answer your question on that?
Steve Sakwa: Yes. I mean we could sort of chat offline about it. It's just I guess to the extent that your NAV was 35 and consensus was 32 and the stock was at 33 you would be above consensus below your own number it may justify that we issued above consensus the duration below your own estimated value and so just trying to sort of get your arms around that or how should we should be thinking about that?
Tom Herzog: So I would put at this way we do look at our internal NAV and we run it for a purpose to determine whether we believe internally a transaction would be accretive or dilutive and more certainly if we had concluded that it would be dilutive to us we would not do the transaction so we do look at our own NAV when we consideration equity as well.
Steve Sakwa: And I guess just one last question for Jerry I mean DC looks like it turned the corner I don’t want to put the carts before the horse here. But how you’re just feeling DC it seems like the supply is being absorbed better than people thought. Is there a chance that DC surprises further to the upside there?
Jerry Davis: Steve as I look at my original plan DC is one of my most positive upside surprises along with Baltimore so the entire Mid-Atlantic area. The last quarter we stated that we felt so we had bottom in fourth quarter of 2014 in DC and then it was either going to plateau or start to reaccelerate the acceleration was a little bit sooner than we expect although we did expect it to go positive. I think it potentially could outperform even more we’ll have to see if the jobs continue to come. But right now the new supply inside the Beltway is providing less resistance than it was last year. In fact I think on this call last year I had given some data points of what were my best performing and worst performing individual assets were in DC and I know my worse performing was at about a negative 4% growth and it was my View 14 property down on View Street and if I look at my first quarter results this year that same property has positive revenue growth 3.5%. So that U Street Corridor in particular where we’ve bet pretty heavily with really about four properties within a mile up there are really performing well.
Steve Sakwa: And I guess that’s the only market at this point you’re worried about just downside surprised or is the jobs picture in the household formations just running so strong that there are very few markets where you kind of worry about downside surprise?
Jerry Davis: It is universal look so one when it will show occasional signs of some weaknesses in Dallas although the job growth continues to be strong we have felt the effect of new supply have been playing out where we have roughly one half of our same-store portfolio. But other than that the strength is across the board I think the Downtown San Francisco is impacted by supply as I stated in my prepared remarks that Downtown area is underperforming the Bay Area at about 5.5% to 6% if you call that underperforming. But Steve today we keep looking for when it is going to hit us that is negative and it’s been hard to find. Earlier in the year we were a little concerned with Boston but then what came into reality similar to last year is it was a seasonal weather issue because as soon as March came around we saw a dramatic pick up in our rent growth, our occupancy which have stayed strong, got a little bit stronger and as evidenced by the success of our Seaport lease up Pier 4 we’re very enthused by the strength of Boston even though there is significant development pressure Downtown.
Operator: And next will be John Kim with BMO Capital Markets.
John Kim: I had a question on the consolidation in the sector recently. Do you expect this trend to continue given the leveraged buyers in the market? And does this change the way you run your business at all? For example, do you want to get large or do you increase your economies of scale?
Tom Toomey: This is Tom Toomey and thank you for the question. It’s an open-ended speculative question and in all frankness I’d rather focus on what our strategic plan is, the execution of it and the delivery of the results. And so, while we sat around and observed what’s going on we think our best plan is the one we’ve outlined and the execution of it.
John Kim: So do you think that if you could figure the economies of scale would improve for your company?
Tom Toomey: I think it’s a double edged sword. I mean I at one-time with a few other guys in this room ran a company that was 400 apartment homes. And to tell you the truth after about 200,000 doors you start having inefficiencies because you become a company that’s run by spreadsheets and not the local knowledge of the particular real estate. And we like our size today and are more focused on what we derive out of the assets than what our G&A is relative to the size we don’t see it as a problem today. We look at the results and the cash flow growth of the enterprise more than we do to the G&A aspect of the enterprise.
John Kim: I had a couple of questions on the mechanics of the joint venture, so just understanding the immediate the preferred return that you are getting is essentially a coupon that you’re getting from your partner?
Tom Toomey: Well we get a 6.5% preferred return on our $136 million investment so I think you could describe it as a coupon, yes.
John Kim: And then you -- when this asset stabilizes the development stabilize the yield goes to 5%, 5.4%. So is that actually a little bit dilutive once the developments are complete?
Tom Toomey: Well it’s not dilutive relative to our cost of capital but the question is that the 6.5% coupon that you realized sort of reverse to a 5.4% the answer is yes, so the returns do come down slightly as we -- as the properties come online.
John Kim: And your preference today is to exercise this…
Tom Herzog: If I could just jump in, it's Herzog just to be clear the 6.5% prep on the investment balance until such time as the asset is considered stabilized which would be at 80% occupancy and until that date The Wolff partner will incur all operating losses minus interest or get any operating income during that period of time. Once we have been deemed stabilized on an asset to that definition, then we move into our sharing ratio of 48% to 52% from that point forward. So whatever the asset is yielding at that point will be what falls to the bottom-line and the stabilized numbers that Harry is speaking to at the 5.4 is what he is referencing. So that is the mechanics as to how that will play through the P&L over the life.
John Kim: And so the accretion really picks up once you exercise the options and is your preference right now is to exercise all the options on the properties or what’s your view on the projects today?
Tom Herzog: Well, I think the benefit of having fixed option price is that when we get to that point and the property is stabilized, we can make a separate investment decision as to whether that option prices is a favorable and then make the decision at that time.
Operator: Next will be Dan Oppenheim with Zelman & Associates.
Dan Oppenheim: Was wondering about the increases on the renewals that you're talking about for May and June were you talking about the greatest increases in the West, it looks though there was a slight increase in turnover in some of the Western market where renewables were pushed a bit are you -- do you end up softening renewals based on turnover in any of the market how are you thinking about that in terms of how much you want to push the rents?
Tom Toomey: No we would not we really look at occupancy and generate the highest NOI based on rent increases turnover and things like that and what we’ve seen as we pushed rates in places like Seattle, for example you’ve pointed out. We had renewals of 7.4% in the first quarter, they went up to 8% in the month of April and turnover at 43% is not dramatically up from a 38%. But when I can reload it at 6.1% on new lease rate growth, I am okay with that trade-off. Our job is to increase the value of the real estate, and we believe we have to do it by driving rate growth by really whatever means is necessary and if you get to a point where you're having to dramatically cut new lease rate growth because you have pushed too many people out the back door that would tell me I am pushing too hard. But I am still able to get to 6.1% in Seattle. I've got occupancy today in Seattle that's north of 97%, place like Portland where it also increased 40 -- turnover increased 46%, we have 9% renewal growth and 8.1% new lease rate growth and my renewal growth in the month of April was 10 and my new lease rate growth was 12. That tells there is opportunity to do it. Sometimes people are moving because it’s a transient workforce and when you look at places in the West, a lot or people have relocated from other markets, especially in the Millennials that are going to the West for the job opportunities. And they’re just going to jump around a little bit more. So, we’re not overly concerned with that today.
Dan Oppenheim: And then secondly wondering about the -- so The Wolff joint venture and just thinking about development overall here in the -- at this point in the cycle, given sort of what has happened in terms of the upward move in rents or in such couple of years, will you look for more opportunities to participate in development this way or a potentially putting a shorter time between putting the capital and sort of having building in lease-up than it would be if you were buying land given the land appreciation to the risk at this time?
Tom Herzog: Yes this is Herzog again. I’ll start and let Harry pick up behind me. We still feel that if we pencil development deals in general, we're still targeting 150 to 200 basis point spread over market rates and we still see plenty of deals that meet those standard and that’s true that not as many deals pencil today as might have penciled a year or two ago. But when we look at The Wolff deal, one of the things we really like is it is a much shorter period to stabilization because these projects are already well half underway and so we reach the goal a lot sooner. So as we think about this relative to our pipeline of 900 million to 1.4 billion with anticipated deliveries, of call it 350 million a year or $350 million of your spend. This ties in very much to the strategic plan that we have -- we’ve previously communicated. So this definitely falls in line with the game plan that we’ve had around development. Harry, anything you'd add to that?
Harry Alcock: No and I think you touched on it, that one of the things we looked at and liked about The Wolff transaction is that the initial deliveries whereas in a typical development deal when you are three or four years out from the time you start the planning process in The Wolff transaction initial deliveries are 11 or 12 months from now and stabilization follows about a year later so Wolff does get us there much more quickly.
Operator: And next will be Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities.
Rich Anderson: So, I just want to make sure I understand that with 900 million to 1.4 billion of target range in your development that’s just what you got now plus Wolff is that right?
Tom Herzog: Yes, what we have now plus Pacific City plus Wolff.
Rich Anderson: Okay. And regarding Wolff you said the all-in stabilized yield is estimated five if you pull the trigger on acquiring assets, does that mean you’re buying a low four on the actual incremental deal because you’re getting the 6.5 to start with?
Tom Herzog: No I think the math is, it’s a, the 6.5 doesn’t come into play in terms of calculating the stabilized yield. If you take the 5.4% that we’re going to achieve for the first 48% it would be a mid for us for the incremental 52%. So we are assuming we acquired all five proprieties we’d be somewhere in that 5% or low 5% range. That includes property tax reassessment in the California property so that sort of diluted the return somewhat but that’s fully incorporated into the underwriting and the reality is that if we sell the property or two loan exercise on all of them and to monetize those gains and apply it against the retain fees that we would be at somewhere in the mid fives. And when we’re talking about underwriting, we’ve underwrote these things in a fairly conservative manner. We’ve assumed revenue growth of roughly 3% per year for the next couple of years through stabilization.
Rich Anderson: So the total price is 597, right and that includes 136 that you’re getting a 6.5% return on. So I can’t imagine how the number is for the incremental amount above the 136 isn’t something below five to get to an average an all-in average of five?
Tom Herzog: Rich, the 136, I’ll say the same thing Harry said a little different though. The 136 million based on that going in price is -- comes in at a 5.4.
Rich Anderson: Okay, that actually, okay, I got you. All right, yes I got it.
Tom Herzog: I want to be real clear, and I’d probably answer your question but just one other item to clarify. When we acquire the remaining portion that we don’t own for those assets that we chose to exercise the option. You got to look at that as just we’re acquiring at that point a new stabilized asset for that additional purchase price.
Rich Anderson: Okay.
Tom Herzog: So, when Harry speaks to the mid 4s that is on a stabilized asset.
Rich Anderson: And then Jerry, I can hear you’re chomping a bit to say that DC has recovered but I mean is there any talk about adding to your investment thesis in DC at this point before we really recovers I mean whether it would be development or looking for assets or just nothing there right now that pencils for you at this point?
Jerry Davis: I’ll start it to Harry in a second. One thing I will tell you Rich is, we’ve been going and looking at opportunities to do renovation properties and we are in the midst of one out in the Fairfax County right now underwriting it with a hopeful start later this year when we think we can do some value-add. We also have some more modest renovation opportunities inside the Beltway but I know Harry has been looking at product inside the Beltway and I will let him give an update on that.
Harry Alcock: And Rich if you think about sort of a development strategy that we’ve talked about historically it’s a deal that we’re going to have sort of one property under construction in each market at any given time. So as we for example finish our Pier 4 deal in Downtime Boston we just recently acquired a land site and in the south then with the expectation that we’re going to start next year. As it applies to DC we have our DelRay property that is where we have completed construction and are in the midst of lease-up. Our hope and expectation would be that at some point in the near future that we have a new DC development asset that we can start to construct and we’re actively sourcing those opportunities now.
Operator: And next will be Nick Yulico with UBS.
Nick Yulico: And Tom I was hoping to get a couple of questions on the guidance. What is the reason for interest expense now going down versus your prior guidance and can you just remind us the capitalized interest you expect this year?
Tom Toomey: Yes hi Nick, we took it from 1.25 to 1.30 down to 1.20 to 1.25, and just a couple of items on that, most of it’s due to the delay in the bonds issuance. Just based on timing that we previously had in the plan and we’re comfortable at this point pushing that back to the, towards the latter half of the second quarter. And a little bit of timing on cap interest on one of should development assets. So that's what makes up that difference. And as to cap interest, I could add it up out of the -- I want to say it’s like $5 million of quarter. That's just from memory. I think that's right, but I can add it up and you can call me after the call if you like and I can verify that. But I think it's in that range.
Nick Yulico: Okay. Got it, thanks. And then just going back to the Wolff joint venture, can you just talk about why it sort of made sense to -- if you guys have been citing 150 to 200 business points as a spread on development in this deal, at the end of the day it's going to be 50 to 125 basis points. Why it’s only made sense to take that lower spread and then just I guess separate from that on the future met life JV development, is that also sort of a lower spread than where you guys are doing stuff from balance sheet?
Harry: This is Harry. I think the whole question -- we view this really as a hybrid between an acquisition and a pure development. So if you think about it long kind of the risk return spectrum, you start all the way to the left where you have a fully occupied or nearly fully occupied property and operating results that are well known at a kind of a fore cap rate for these types of assets. And then you take it all the way to a pure development where the results won't be known from three years to four years from the time they just started sort of the designed process and go through the construction and lease up period and have full risk on construction and as well as lease up -- it didn't get somewhere in the 6% plus return on that when Wolff fell right in the middle where we'll be in the fives. We'll start initial occupancy in a year. Our partner has all construction and cost risk and so it really is a hybrid. In addition, rather than having the drag associated with the pure development deal, we did 6.5% coupon on our invested capital through the construction and lease up period. Oh I'm sorry, the second part of the question was MetLife. So the main Mountain View property that we just started, we haven’t talked about returns, but that property we would expect to be at the very high end of our 150 to 200 basis points spread, probably above that. We have a couple other properties that could start in the MetLife portfolio later this year, two in LA and possibly a new phase at the [indiscernible] and we're still working through the design and the economics of those assets and we'll talk about it at the time but then we get there. The 3033 Wilshire deal that we started last year, again we would expect to be at the high end of our 150 to 200 basis points spread on the market cap rates, but we'll talk about that more as we get closer to completion. 
Operator: And the next question will come from Alex Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alex Goldfarb: I guess we'll continue the Wolff. So maybe this is for Warren. On the deal, the Wolff Company has the right to get a 6.5% preferred equity if you guys don't buy at least two of the five deals. The economics would seem punitive to you guys if you didn't. So apart from providing them comfort with here -- that you guys will take at least two of the deals, what are other reasons why you would not exercise that apart from obviously the market falling at or better, something like that?
Tom Toomey: Well. Alex, as Harry said, one of the things we really like is that we have the option and the ability to look once we get to the utilization and once we get to our window and we can look at the properties, making new investments and deciding which one we'd like. Wolff, one of the two of five which are really just to give them some comfort that we were going to perform, but as we said to one of your earlier questions, we initially started with 10 properties and went through the investment analysis and the joint venture hopefully will be safe towards the process negotiating for one final property. So I think from a real estate -- I think perspective Jerry and Harry feel very comfortable with the six that we have in the JV, and like I said, we'll be able to make that decision at the option time.
Alex Goldfarb: Okay. And then Tom Herzog, on the ATM in the press release and your comments, you mentioned the stock trading above NAV. Yes, above consensus NAV. Looking at SNL, the NAV right is around $33. At year end it was $31.50. You guys issued at like $32 - $30 gross or $31.16 set. So one, sounds dilutive to where or below where consensus NAV is. But second is a lot of companies talk about that chain, the issuance of the ATM, what they use, and I didn't hear you guys talk about it, but maybe that's the way you look at it. So should we expect that every time your stocks trades above $32 you guys are issuing ATM or is it truly a face of where you have investment opportunity that's above your implied cap rate than your issuing?
Tom Toomey: Okay, multiple questions there. Let me see if I can get them all. The first question was we issued at a net price on the $109 million at $31.64. That’s correct. You got to remember we were issuing most of that at the very beginning of 2015. So the lease of January 6, January 12, that’s when the majority of it occurred. So when we think of an average of what the consensus NAV was at that time, and you guys will recall that early in the year that NAV started to move fairly quickly. We had an average consensus NAV during the issuance period during the same time they were issuing these shares of $31.07. So on a net basis we came in at $31.64 and the consensus NAV was $31.07. I think the second question was, you note that we utilized the ATM -- I would -- and if our price exceeds that which allows us to issue at or above what we continue to do so, what I would reference back is the remarks that I made in the first quarter call when we spoke to our different uses of funds, which are set forth in that trader [ph] strategic document where we had development cost, we had certain acquisitions, spend and so we sort of bucket of funding needs for the year and we spoke to three sources that we would fund them with; and that was issuance of stock, sales of assets and debt. And we have executed to that as we had indicated we would and we said that we would identify what we thought the most favorable sources of funds to fund our needs and we have done that and we’ll continue to do that. As we look at where we stand today after picking up the various fundings that we’ve already completed, I guess it’s probably important for me to remind you that a good portion has already been funded. We’ve tweaked our guidance a little bit on attachment 15, but the changes are not major. You will see that when you compare the old attach from 15 to the new which provides our guidance. And we have already funded a 109 -- we started with a need of $825 million. ROE, it has adjusted for the latest adjustments. We funded 109 in the ATM. The Texas JV brought in 43. We’ve got sales under contract of 65 and we’ve got more out there that will go under contract. We’ve got 300 million of debt that I’ve already alluded to that will likely come in at the end of the second quarter. And what that really means is we’ve got about $250 million to $300 million remaining for the entire year, which is a relatively small number for us as you know and we continue to state that we will use the most advantageous funding source for that purpose.
Operator: And then next will be Ian Weissman with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Chris for Ian. Monterey and Portland are essentially non-core markets that continue to generate very strong rent growth and have occupancy over 97, and I think in Portland’s case 98%. Obviously when rent growth was increasing in the high single digit, it lowers the urgency to sell, but just curious about your thoughts about market timing or whether you’re more like performance agnostic when it comes to exiting out of those markets?
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. I guess I would start with -- you’re correct. These two non-core markets are performing extremely well. And I would remind people that when you do look at our non-core markets, it’s not always because they’re underperformers. They just don’t meet our strategic initiatives and plan. And I think at times it’s best to actually exit a market when it’s at the top. So in a second Harry will give you an update on some of the transactions that he is looking at in those markets. But today the operating teams are doing an extremely good job and markets that have good fundamentals. But again they don’t fit our core strategic focus of these gateway markets that are bicoastal. Even though they’re in the coast, our preference would still be for Seattle over Portland. And while the Monterey Peninsula market has done extremely well, the average rents in that market are fairly low. It caters more to an agricultural economy. And longer term we grow their CR assets in some of the other markets in the West Coast or East Coast but when you think about San Francisco, Seattle, Orange County, LA, a more comfortable long term.
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. I think I’d just add that we will continue to chip away at these properties to meet our sales objectives, to just give you kind of an overview of the properties that we’re working on now. We have two properties that are in central Florida that are under contract, one in Tampa, one in Orlando. And to your point on Portland, we have one of our three assets in Portland that's currently in the market. We’re getting terrific investor interest and would expect to close that sometime in the third quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: So it sounds like you have a mix of assets out to market regardless of how those markets are performing. Now that you’re said that you’re kind of more -- you would tend more to sell assets that are performing well than those that are kind of laggard, is that kind of what I am hearing?
Tom Toomey: I don’t think that’s what I -- if I said it, I didn’t mean it in that context. What I was saying is just because a market is performing well, we’re not going to hold on to it ride out strong NOI growth and wait till it starts to go on a down cycle. Jerry can get optimal pricing when there is still some upside opportunity. So we don’t wait till the market is about to turn south to mark it for sale. That's what I meant to say.
Unidentified Analyst: And then I apologize if I missed this, but revenue growth came in at 5.1% for the first quarter. It sounds like things are accelerating over the last month. And then guidance is up 4.25 to 4.75. Just wondering where the drop is going to come from?
Tom Toomey: It's really occupancy. You look at the two components that really drive revenue growth, one is change in occupancy, the other is change in rent per occupied home. And then the first quarter it was 60 basis points of occupancy growth year-over-year and 4.6% growth in rents. We will most likely not have the opportunity in last three quarters of the year to see that same occupancy growth since we pushed occupancy last year up starting in 2Q to the high 96 levels. So it's predominantly going to come from rent growth. That being said, if I had to look at it today based on the trends, we’re probably moving more to the middle to high side of our guidance number, then we are too below.
Operator: And next will be Jordan Sadler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jordan Sadler: So just curious -- I'm coming back to Wolff one more time. Can you offer price versus development cost to Wolff? I'm curious about how the 559 compares versus their basis and ultimately sort of the premium replacement cost here?
Tom Toomey: I’ll start with that Jordan. I think -- I don’t know that we have the -- I know that we don’t have the exact -- their exact cost numbers. Suffice to say this a premium to the resisting cost, but I think I'd point to that the 559 is $357,000 per apartment home and the 597 is prudent to be exercised the options on over -- and the remaining 52% on all five properties is $380,000 per apartment home. So neither of those are numbers that are alarming over the field, particularly rolled us from a new construction standpoint.
Jordan Sadler: And I guess there was a previous question surrounding this I think regarding the motivation of this at this point. As you guys are pointing to potentially $80 million of value creation, it seems like a pretty short window to get there. I think we’re talking about lease-up commencing in as little as seven months for some of these. Can you maybe sort of talk about what the trigger might have been or why there is this opportunity for that amount of value creation in this relative to 136 million of principal in this shorter window of time in this environment?
Tom Toomey: So Jordan, the way that I think about it is rather than pointing to $80 million of $136 million, we get the point to $80 million on $597 million which is the total aggregate purchase price assuming we acquire all five assets. But what Wolff gets is -- again, I think I mentioned at the beginning of the call they get -- first they get return capital to their open ended fund, which is favorable for them, I assume on then assume many levels including the fact that they get to redeploy these assets. And secondly, Wolff has a robust pipeline of additional opportunities. In their minds they were over allocated on the development side to both Southern California and to Seattle and therefore they we having just sort of forego other opportunities. So from their perspective they get a couple of -- there is a couple of significant benefits to that.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] here. I had just one quick one as well. Jerry you may have touched on in a bit at the end of the last question, but given sort of where you guys finished in the first quarter, both top-line growth and same store NOI, and the accelerating trends you’ve seen really into May and June, what’s kind of held you back on raising the same-store growth even higher?
Jerry Davis: I guess just caution as we go further into the leasing season, and again we have visibility into June during the months of the third quarter you got another 30% of the properties, the leases that will reprised. Today again I am more optimistic that we're going to push towards the high-end than I am to the low end, but we have another couple of quarters later this year to take a look at it. But today I can’t tell you anything that I see that's excessively negative.
Operator: And next will be Rob Stevenson with [indiscernible].
Rob Stevenson: No Wolff questions I promise. Just two quick ones here, Jerry how many projects or dollar value do you think you're going to put into the redevelopment pipeline this year?
Jerry Davis: We anticipate -- and these will all be later in the year. We anticipate --three to seven would be my estimate. There will probably be a handful of those that are in the $15 million to $20 million range, and then some that will be under $10 million. So you’re not going to see any -- I believe we had guidance Tom for a redevelopment. So what was that number?
Tom Toomey: The spend is somewhere -- that's going to be as adjusted about $350 million for the year. That’s development [indiscernible]
Jerry Davis: But we don’t see any of the redevelopments we’re anticipating right now Rob being of the size of some of the ones we've done over the last couple of years.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. So it’s going to be less than $100 million of incremental assets going in there if I'm just using fixed project at $50 million gives me $90 million or something in that neighborhood will be the sort of upper end you think?
Tom Toomey: I think it’s less than that I can’t say it’s probably more enough 50 range at the high end.
Rob Stevenson: Okay. 
Tom Toomey: And that would be start this year. A lot of the spend would actually be next year. 
Rob Stevenson: Okay. And then Tom Herzog. Just a quick one. With the $0.03 gap between FFO and FFO as adjusted in the first quarter, when I look at the full year announcement, does that mean that you're at this point not including anything else that would be a gap a between FFO and FFO as adjusted for the last three quarters.
Tom Herzog: Right.
Rob Stevenson: Okay.
Tom Herzog: Nothing of any significance. You can see that the couple of odds and ends in the -- attached from ‘15, but all the big stuff would be passed, which was really the Texas JV promote and dispo fee. 
Operator: And next will be Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel St. Juste : So I guess first for you Mr. Herzog, quick one on capital allocation. Help me understand the decision to raise the dividend by 7% during the quarter while you’re selling about 109 million stock in your ATM. Is there after-tax issue or something I'm not fully appreciating there?
Tom Herzog: No, we just looked at our coverage, we looked at the growth of our AFFO, and as we’ve lined out the last couple of three years, we wanted our dividend growth to largely reflect our AFFO growth. So nothing has changed on that front. It wasn’t the tax issue. And we'll contaminate that as we think forward the next couple of years, as you look at our plan too, you’ll see that our dividend growth coincides with our AFFO growth.
Haendel St. Juste : Okay. And now that you fully liquidated the Texas JV with Fannie Mae, can share what the IRR was? We felt a cap rate of about 6% on recent sales assets but curious what the return of the likely investment was?
Tom Herzog: The all in IRR on it was 14%. 
Haendel St. Juste : That’s levered?
Tom Herzog: Yes.
Haendel St. Juste : Okay. And you guys mentioned the four assets you chose not to pursue with Wolff. I’m not sure if I missed it or not, but did you mention why you weren’t pursuing those? Perhaps they were markets you don’t want to exposure to? Was it a size issue? Maybe you don’t want to take too big of a portfolio? Can you give me some sense as to you opted not to pursue the other four?
Harry: Haendel, this is Harry, -- take on the quality of the assets and their specific submarkets.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. Last one, Jerry on Seattle -- recently the supply that hit downtown Seattle was -- you absorbed without much of impact. But now the fund shift over to Belvieu which is a much smaller submarket and some forecast suggest that Belvieu might -- they're seeing a 20% expense ratio on supply over the next couple years. And given that Belvieu is where you and a couple of your peers are effectively concentrated, curious on -- I guess you still have good pricing product today but your expectations for the market over the course of this year into next, thoughts on perhaps operating strategy. And would you guys perhaps consider culling some of your portfolio there, especially given not only the supply outlook but you guys acquired it looks like two asset, the Wolff link up.
Jerry Davis: We like Belvieu very much. Now there is job growth continuing that there even though Expedia is moving their headquarters over to Seattle from Belvieu we think it will get refurnished within downtown Belvieu which is a growing and vibrant city to be honest with you. We continue to see revenue growth so far this year north of 6%. We have a very high end A portfolio there, although as you stated there is significant new supply that is coming to that market. We think Belvieu caters a lot of the east side job centers, whether it’s Microsoft or downtown Belvieu, or Google employers on the east side. I don’t think we would be looking to downsize Belvieu. Two of our deals are MetLife JVs and then very high end we have the Element Steels which -- they're extremely well with the workforce in Belvieu and we have one property down in the downtown area Belvieu that's only about 80 units. That typically does very well although this year as you noted it surrounded by supply and it’s probably suffering the most with revenue growth that’s roughly flat compared to the 6% or 7% to the rest of that sub market. The two deals that we did we get in the Wolff transaction related to this are ones in Salt lake [ph] Union, which we're excited to have one downtown presence. Currently we really have one 50-5o JV deal with Met down there. That's probably the best property in all of downtown Seattle. This property provides us with -- I think of it is a dormitory for Amazon workers. It' surrounded right in the middle of the Amazon campus. So I think that is going to do extremely. And then other deal is then Columbia city which is probably 5 - 6 miles south of the downtown area. The thing we like most about that property is it's right on the LiveRail. It's directly across street and it's in an emerging neighborhood that we think has a ton of upside growth. And what we really like about that -- because a lot of our portfolio in Seattle is a product, this is a price point is about 65% to 70% of what downtown rents are. So it's a great alternative to those people that want to want to have more of an urban feel but can't afford downtown Seattle. So I know it's at long question about Seattle but we are very bullish on Seattle. You're right. That city, [indiscernible] new supply but the job growth was more than sufficient and we continue to be very excited about really growing our exposure in that market.
Operator: And next will be Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky: Just to go back to Wolff a little fast, the assets you guys are requiring, are those in the same fund? And then as you look at Wolff -- obviously MetLife being a long term joint venture, I think you've characterized their [indiscernible] joint venture as an intermediate term. How would you characterize the Wolff joint venture?
Unidentified Company Representative : Michael, t Wolff assets are all in one fund. And then as you know on this one it has a finite life. It's less than six years, and [indiscernible] periods start in this second year. So this is a lot different than what we have in terms of long term MetLife count joint venture.
Michael Salinsky: Alright. It's helpful. Then my follow up question, G&A guidance went up for the quarter and you brought in your corporate headquarters. Why -- I would have thought buying that in what have actually reduced unit. What was the reason for the G&A increase?
Unidentified Company Representative : But we had the increased performance and FFO which impacted the LTI plan. And so that's what the net increases over time.
Operator: And next will be Drew Bewin [ph] with Robert W. Baird and Company.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, guys. It's actually for you Jerry, on the Marina del Rey concentration in Los Angeles. I was hoping you could talk about the growth in that area and what ultimately kind of gets that market out of the --and how the flattish environment -- it's then persisting and furthermore maybe talk about other operational improvements you're making elsewhere on the west coast to improve growth just beyond what the market is providing and to win more of those markets.
Jerry Davis: Sure. Yeah start on Marina del Rey, and as you pointed out, it has struggled. Our revenue growth -- this quarter my expectation will be the lowest in the sector at 3.8%. About 80 to 90% of our same store portfolio is in the Marina and when you look at the Marina it has been hit with new supplies down at Playa Vista which an adjacent sub markets, your buying company and several other operators have been building there over the last couple of years. And while it struggled last year and this year, our expectation is that as you get into 2016 and 2017, when the sliver comp [ph] beach really starts cranking out the jobs which are projected to be probably about 10,000, whether it's Google, Yahoo, [indiscernible], several other tech employers are coming to that sub market. We think our proximity to the jobs is going to more than offset what's been hurting us with our proximity to the new supply. So it's just a situation where the supply beat the jobs, and we would expect in 2016 and 2017 to see that get quite a bit better. As far as initiatives in the west coast, we were really run the same initiatives, whether it's east coast or west coast. One thing we have been doing down in our Orange County portfolio is investing some revenue enhancing dollars which Herzog requires and we comply with getting a 200 basis points over [indiscernible] IRR, which typically is about a 20% return on your money. But we're looking for opportunities to upgrade those 40 plus year old properties that we've maintained well but we haven’t improved the functionality since we bought a lot of those assets back in the mid-2000s. So they were due and we've been putting some of that $30 million or so that we get guidance, revenue enhancing dollars since beginning the year. It's heavily growing into the west coast. As you look up into the San Francisco area where we had 9% revenue growth, on a situation there honestly as we don't have anything in the east bay, the downtown area, the jobs are coming, again commonly but I said about the Marina del Rey area. The financial district is going to have significant job growth over the next couple of years but that's also where the new supply is coming. We are fairly heavy in that some area. And then up in in Seattle, I think about 80% of our portfolio up there is a product, and even though new supply haven’t hurt it too much, it has had an impact on it. So no real new initiatives, although we are looking for opportunities like I said in So-Cal to reinvest even more in our real estate to give our residents some of the things they’re looking for.
Unidentified Analyst: And one follow up, shifting to the East Coast, as you look at markets like Boston and New York where obviously condos in the city are very pricey, people are -- they want to be in the city. Renting is still the most attractive option. Given the public transportation systems of both of those markets, there is always options that somebody really wants to get out if they’re willing to spend like commute to save money. Are you seeing anything in those markets, whether it’d move outs to buy ratios or sort of where people are interested in renting? It would indicate that there is some potential rent fatigue there.
Jerry Davis: We think our renting demographic wants to be in that urban core, and they have various things they have to spend money on. And when you’re living in urban core, you get to cut down on your transportation cost, which can run upwards of $1,000 and they just make trade-offs. But that younger demographic that we’re typically focused on in those urban markets have a high preference to be in the downtown locations, their entertainment, their jobs. And you'll always get few people that will move out to the next ring, whether it's in San Francisco going to Oakland, Manhattan going to Brooklyn or Jersey. Only one of those markets you brought up that I continue to see a fairly high new downtown purchases since the Boston market which historically since we benefited last three to four years has been one of our highest move out to home purchase markets at over 20%.
Operator: And next will be Connor Wagner with Greenstreet Advisors.
Connor Wagner: Jerry on DC last quarter you provided some good commentary on the split between the deals outside of the Beltway, how they are performing in the Asian side of the Beltway. Just wondering if you could update that for the first quarter and placed in April?
Jerry Davis: Deals outside-inside, as I stated I think earlier on the call, they’re starting to compress to where either it's a B or it's an A or it's inside or outside, they’re all getting more to the point where they’re averaging between 1% and 2%. So the differentiation is tightening. My As actually were at about 1.9% revenue growth during the quarter and my B’s we’re about 1.2%. So the A’s actually did pick up. And again I think that was because they had more supply pressure last year for concessions. We’re keeping the price down. And honestly what’s been interesting for the same reason is my urban product which is more of the inside of the Beltway, and revenue growth of high twos and my suburban was just slightly negative. So we kind of have flipped a little bit where the suburban A is starting to pick up steam. Then when you look at how does April looked, in DC my new lease rate growth was 0.8% in April. That’s probably if I look back the first time, that number has been positive in the last year and half. So it did go positive at 0.8 and my renewal growth in the month of April in DC, and these are effective numbers, is 5.6%. So DC is starting to look a lot more like the rest of the portfolio. It’s getting there.
Connor Wagner: Thank you. And then last one Jerry, on Austin we’ve seen job growth decelerate obviously at the high number over the last year. Have you seen any slowdown in your portfolio or between the properties that you have that are more within city limits versus the suburban ones?
Jerry Davis: Well, haven’t really noticed the job growth slow as well as far as the performance of my properties we have seen our downtown product, which competes with new supply as a rough patch at times. We have another property up north at the domain shopping center where new supply is also effective, even though it's kind of in a tech corridor. So we like it long term. But Austin is definitely a market that has seen a slowdown from last year to this year just as absorption of that supply is occurring. Although Austin goes through these waves where you will have new supply grow 10%-12% over a three year period. It will be difficult three years but then as soon as they eat that up, it takes off again. So -- but Austin right now, I just told you the good news about DC accelerating. When I look at Austin my new lease rate growth in the month of April is negative 0.3%, and that compares to about 2%-2.5% in the first quarter. So, we are definitely feeling some pressure in Austin today.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nick Joseph with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: I guess I had a couple of just quick questions going back to the Wolff transaction. You talked about certain guarantees. What are those guarantees?
Tom Toomey: Jerry, do you want to take that one?
Jerry Davis: I can’t.
Warren Troupe: This is Warren. The completion guarantee is under the construction loan and certain other non-recourse bad void guarantees.
Unidentified Analyst: What are the total construction loans and what are the terms in terms of the amount and maturity date and rate?
Warren Troupe: The average price for construction loan is about 210 and the total amount of construction loans, it's about 275 million and our UDR share would be about $140 million. So of that 2017 maturities would be approximately $173 million, 2018 maturities would be $39 million. Of those UDR shares will be 84 million in 2017 and approximately $19 million and 2018. All construction loans have two-year extension feature.
Unidentified Analyst: And then the all-in construction cost that they guaranteed, I take it, it's like $400 million. Is that what you said to Jordan before?
Harry Alcock: No, we didn’t talk about the all-in construction cost, Michael. This is Harry. 
Unidentified Analyst: So what is the all-in -- I guess the $275 million of debt, 70% LTV is $400 million. Is that a fair?
Harry Alcock: Yes, the number is probably higher than that but we didn’t -- we don’t have that handy and we didn’t speak to the all-in construction cost start. Our buy in price is 559 million. So what we did say is that construction cost is below our volume price.
Tom Toomey: And you're right that the partner is responsible for all cost overruns and the guarantees on the construction loans.
Unidentified Analyst: Do you guys have any involvement in the lease-up? Do you have any share of responsibilities at all and or was it just all-in there?
Tom Toomey: We’re actually going to be the property manager for each of the properties and Jerry’s team will be doing the lease-up on the properties.
Unidentified Analyst: And what’s the guarantee in terms of that they are not going to try cost at a higher margin and higher profit in terms of -- rather than being effectively a merchant builder in this case, what’s going to be the recourse that you have to make sure whether [indiscernible] spent is in?
Harry Alcock: Michael its Harry. They are a required facility to the documents to build the property in accordance with the approved plans and specs. These properties are all in a construction. We’ve reviewed the plans and specs of -- we’re going to hire a third-party construction manager to participate in the weekly OAC meetings, constructions meetings and get weekly reports or monthly reports from Wolff. So we’re going to have sort of kind of an active oversight rule in that process.
Tom Toomey: One other thing I would mention is part of the due diligence process, Harry's team have actually now look at existing Wolff product. So we’re familiar with their construction, we’re familiar with their product. We have teams now have been meeting the Wolff people and going through finishes, going through layouts and so I think we’re pretty comfortable that we're going to have a very active role and a very active voice in this whole process.
Unidentified Analyst: And then your 6.5 preferred return -- that's a -- is it a pit payment or is it actually a cash payment from Wolff on your equity?
Tom Toomey: 6.5 is going to get paid Michael at the end -- at the time that we take the asset out.
Unidentified Analyst: And does that include equity or is that actually a preferred payment? It's actually overturn or is it go towards your equity to buyout the next piece.
Tom Toomey: Yes, it's actually a return on our investment. It's compounded as we go.
Unidentified Analyst: So it's a real return. It's not …
Tom Toomey: It's a real return.
Tom Herzog: And then just one other guarantee that Warren might have spoken to us, and I think we spoke earlier, but keep in mind at any operating losses during that development period are included by Wolff up to the point stabilization. So that’s another form of guarantee from our perspective.
Unidentified Analyst: And then outside of refinancing the debt, you're payment to them when you -- when these stabilize to own 100% is just the $38 million additional of equity and then are you blaming now [ph] you would have to fund then do a refinancing?
Tom Herzog: Yes, that’s correct. We’ve got debt that comes due. There's some delay on that and take a two to three years out as these options become exercisable and that debt comes due -- we can choose to fund that -- whatever the most advantageous way is. And keep in mind too that if we choose not to acquire one or two of the assets, that that can also act towards the funding. But as we talking, but we would be looking at all five assets as having appeal from a purchase perspective, but we’re through a place out on that.
Unidentified Analyst: But your total, if you're on 136, you have to fund the difference between the 136 and the 597 outside any debt loans?
Tom Herzog: That’s correct, after the debt is still.
Unidentified Analyst: So whichever ones we acquire?
Tom Herzog: Correct.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I’ll now turn the conference call back over to President and CEO Mr. Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Well first let me say thank you for your time today. It was very productive. And we appreciate your interest in UDR. As we started the call business is great and bordering on fantastic. You can obviously hear from the call our level of enthusiasm for where operating trends are headed and the opportunities that lie ahead and we’ll continue to execute on our two year plan and believe that that is a great path for UDR and for our shareholders. So with that take care and we’ll talk to you next quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today’s conference. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-03 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Van Ens - VP, IR Tom Toomey - President and CEO Tom Herzog - SVP and CFO Jerry Davis - SVP and COO Warren Troupe - Senior EVP Harry Alcock - SVP, Asset Management
Analysts: Jana Galan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Nick Joseph - Citigroup Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities Dave Bragg - Green Street Advisors Ian Weissman - Credit Suisse Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Derek Bower - Evercore ISI Dan Oppenheim - Zelman & Associates Ryan Peterson - Sandler O'Neill William Kuo - Cowen and Company Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley
Chris Van Ens: Welcome to UDR’s Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Our fourth quarter press release, supplemental disclosure package and updated two year strategic outlook document were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to our Investor Relations section of our Web site, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Prior to reading our Safe Harbor disclosure I would like to direct you to the webcast of this call located in the Investor Relations section of our Web site www.udr.com. The webcast includes a slide presentation that will accompany our two year strategic outlook commentary. On to our safe harbor, statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in our press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. With that I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris and good afternoon everyone and welcome to UDR's fourth quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. We will present our updated two year strategic outlook following prepared remarks. In 2014 we again met or exceeded all primary objectives of our plan and to-date have meaningfully outperformed versus our initial full year plan and last year's update. Tom will address this outperformance in detail later in the call. In short 2014 was another great year for UDR. We continue to see strength in all aspects of our business. A quick recap of our team’s accomplishments during the year. First, operations continue to run on all cylinders and delivered strong same-store results across the board with 5.2% NOI growth. Second, the 480 million of developments we delivered in aggregate leased up well with rents and trended spreads hitting our targets. Third, we accretively funded our growth through the sale of 368 million of well priced and well timed non-core dispositions and 100 million of equity issued at a premium to consensus NAV. Fourth, we continue to improve the quality of our portfolio growing portfolio revenue per occupied home by 7% year-over-year. Fifth, we further improved our balance sheet metrics hitting the marks for leverage and net debt-to-EBITDA we set forth at the beginning of 2014. Our successes were recognized with a credit rating upgrade from Moody's to Baa1. Last we grew cash flow per share by 10% a strong rate which resulted in 11% dividend increase and meaningful NAV per share growth. We continue to believe that growth in these two metrics translates into strong total shareholder return overtime. As we enter 2015 we feel very positive about the business and our prospects. Multi-family fundamentals remain firmly in our favor. Steady job growth capable of absorbing forecasted new multi-family supply and augmented by stagnant single-family housing market remains our base case scenario. Secondarily, the majority of new multi-family construction lending is concentrated in the heavily regulated banking industry making it easier to turn off capital spĕkt it if necessary. Our balanced geographic mix of A and B quality communities should continue to generate strong operating results. Our submarket locations are top-notch with better than average walk scores versus the peer average in the vast majority of our markets. Our development pipeline is expected to generate the incremental cash flow and value creation we originally forecasted. Expected additions to the pipeline in 2015 are also forecasted to be highly accretive and we will continue to improve our debt metrics. In the nearly 15 years that I have led UDR, I do not remember being more upbeat about our prospects. We believe that 2015 and 2016 will look a lot like 2014 and that January results only solidify this belief. There remains a lot of runway for growth at UDR and we have the right plan and the team in place to capitalize on those opportunities. With that I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all my fellow UDR associates for their hard work in producing another strong year of results. We look forward to a great 2015 and I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Herzog: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include, our fourth quarter and full year 2014 results, our balance sheet, debt maturity and capital markets update, our development update, our transactions update and our full year 2015 guidance. Our initial 2016 expectations would be addressed in the upcoming three year plan commentary. First, our fourth quarter earnings results were in line with our previously provided guidance. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.40, $0.39 and $0.34, respectively. A couple of items to note when moving from NAREIT FFO to FFO as adjusted in the quarter. First item, we removed certain legacy assets out of our TRS in 2014 in a tax efficient structure. Completed in the fourth quarter this resulted in the recognition of a 5.8 million one-time income tax benefit that was included in FFO. We excluded this benefit from FFO as adjusted and AFFO. Note that we're forecasting 3 million to 5 million of run rate tax benefit in 2015 relating to remaining communities in the TRS versus the 9 million recognized in 2014 net of the one-time fourth quarter benefit. Second item, we backed out a $2.2 million after-tax impairment from FFO as adjusted related to the 50% sale of our 3033 Wilshire land parcel to Metlife. Our seven year whole period on the parcel and cost capitalized subsequent to acquisition led to the write-down, but we can earn back this impairment if certain written hurdles on the development are met. Fourth quarter same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth remained strong at 4.2%, 1.9% and 5.1% respectively. For full year 2014 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $1.56, $1.52 and $1.35 respectively. Full year same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth of 4.3%, 2.5% and 5.2% exhibited continued strong demand for apartments and were above our initial expectations provided last February. Next the balance sheet. At year-end our financial leverage on an undepreciated cost basis was 38.6%, on a fair value basis, it was around 30%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 6.5 times inclusive of pro rata JVs it was 7.4 times, all metrics improved as planned. On the capital markets front. 325 million of 5.25% unsecured debt matured in January. We intend to refinance some or all of this debt in the first half of 2015. We did not issue equity during the fourth quarter despite trading above consensus NAV as our capital needs were met through asset dispositions. In January we issued 78 million of equity net of fees through our ATM at a premium to consensus NAV. Moving forward we will consider all capital options when funding our growth and will utilize the most advantageous source depending on our strategic objectives, market conditions and pricing. At year-end our liquidity as measured by cash and credit facility capacity was 763 million. Turning to development. We completed two development projects located in Alexandria, Virginia and Huntington Beach, California for 184 million in the quarter. Both are leasing well and bringing a differentiated product to the respective submarkets. We also commenced construction of our 107 million, 3033 Wilshire development in Los Angeles and a 50-50 joint venture with MetLife. In addition, we increased our ownership to 50% in two UDR/MetLife I JV land parcels, Crescent Heights and Wilshire La Jolla both located in Los Angeles. Additional details are available in our fourth quarter press release. At year-end our underway development pipeline totaled 875 million with 72% funded with an estimated spread between stabilized deals and market cap rates near the upper-end of our targeted 150 to 200 basis point range. As for future development, we continue to underwrite opportunities and we’ll take advantage of our land bank. Next, transactions completed in the fourth quarter. We acquired a future development land site in Boston Proper for 32 million through a 1031 transaction. We believe this deal will generate significant value and should commence construction in 2016. Regarding dispositions, we sold three wholly-owned non-core communities in Long Beach, California, Port Orchard, Washington, Puyallup, Washington for 91 million at a weighted average cash flow cap rate of 5.5%. The weighted average IRR for the dispositions was 12%. We also sold MetLife a 49% interest in our 110 million, 13th & Market property in San Diego and a 50% interest in our recently started 3033 Wilshire land development parcel in Los Angeles, for an aggregate total of 62.5 million. 13th & Market generated a strong IRR of approximately 16%. In January we completed the disposition of our 20% interest in our Texas, JV. We expect to ride net proceeds of 43 million on the sale inclusive of promote and disposition fee of approximately 9 million. These will be recognized in the first quarter and full year 2015 NAREIT FFO but excluded from FFO as adjusted and AFFO. This disposition was well timed as it eliminated our exposure at Huston, reduced our exposure to Dallas and generated a strong IRR of approximately 14%. Additional transaction details are available in our fourth quarter press release. On to the first quarter and full year 2015 guidance. Full year 2015 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share is forecast at a $1.60 to a $1.66, a $1.58 to a $1.64 and a $1.41 to a $1.47 respectively. For same-store our full year 2015 revenue guidance is 3.75% to $4.25%, expense 2.5% to 3% and NOI 4% to 5%. Average 2015 occupancy is forecast at 96.5%, other primary full year guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15 or Page 27 of our supplement. First quarter 2015 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance is $0.41 to $0.43, $0.38 to $0.40 and $0.35 to $0.37 respectively. Finally we declared a common dividend of $0.26 in the fourth quarter or $1.04 per share when annualized. With our release today, we’ve increased our 2015 annualized dividend to $1.11 per share, 7% of our 2014’s level and represented a yield of approximately 3.3%. With that I’ll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks Tom, good afternoon. In my remarks I’ll cover the following topics. First, our fourth quarter portfolio metrics, leasing trends and the continued success we realized in pushing rental rate growth again this quarter and into January. Second, the performance of our primary markets during the quarter and expectations for 2015 and last, a brief update on our recently completed and in lease-up developments. We’re pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. Our fourth quarter same-store revenue growth of 4.2% was driven by an increase in revenue per occupied home of 3.6% year-over-year to $1,631 per month while same-store occupancy of 96.7% was 50 basis points higher versus the prior year period. Total portfolio revenue per occupied home was $1,795 per month including pro rata JVs. A robust full year same-store revenue growth of 4.3% was driven by a 60 basis point improvement in occupancy and a 3.8% increase in revenue per occupied home. We see strong rate growth continuing in 2015. Turning to new and renewal lease rate growth which is detailed on attachment 8-G of our supplement, we continued to push rates in the fourth quarter. New lease rate growth totaled 2.1% or 80 basis points ahead of the fourth quarter of 2013, renewal growth remains resilient improving 10 basis points year-over-year to 5.3%. This year-over-year acceleration was accomplished with only a 10 basis point sequential decrease in occupancy. Importantly, our leasing momentum continued into 2015, with January new lease rate growth of approximately 350 basis points ahead of January 2014 and strong renewal growth of 5.2% during the month. This when augmented by stable current occupancy of 96.5%, the 2% rent growth that is already built into 2015 as of the end of 2014, the continued strength in multi-family fundamentals and the additional $100 of discretionary income the average American has on a monthly basis due to gasoline prices has resulted in us starting the year slightly ahead of what we initially budgeted three months ago. Next, rent as a percentage of our residents’ income rose slightly to 18%. Move-outs to home purchase were up 120 basis points year-over-year at 15%, in line with our long-term average. Importantly our full year 2014 resident turnover rate declined by 140 basis points versus 2013, even with the renewal increases at a robust 5.3% only 5% of our move-outs gave rent increase as the reason for leaving in the fourth quarter. Moving on to quarterly performance in our primary markets. These markets represent 65% of our same-store NOI and 71% of our total NOI. Orange County and Los Angeles combined represent 16.5% of our total NOI. Orange County posted sequential revenue growth of 60 basis points and continues to outperform our budgeted expectations early in 2015. Los Angeles is slightly weaker due to our heavy concentration in the Marina Del Rey submarket where we’re encouraged by new job growth in the immediate area specifically from Yahoo. Our current expectation is that both of these markets will generate revenue growth greater than 4.5% in 2015 slightly in excess of 2014. New York City represents 13% of our total NOI. Our downtown assets posted strong revenue growth of 5% in the fourth quarter. We expect continued strength in 2015 as technology, finance, media and advertising employers expand in Lower Manhattan. Although our 2015 forecast revenue of 4.5% is expected to slightly decelerate versus 2014. Metro DC which represents 13% of our total NOI posted positive full year revenue growth of 50 basis points. We expect slightly better full year revenue growth in 2015 above 1% currently. As we will continue to benefit from our diverse exposure of 50% B assets and 50% A assets located both inside and outside the Beltway. San Francisco which represents 11.5% of our total NOI shows no signs of slowing down as renewal and new lease rate growth in January point to another strong year from Northern California. Revenue growth is expected to increase 6% to 7% in 2015 a slight deceleration from the 8.2% growth we realized in 2014. Seattle which represents 6.5% of our total NOI benefited from strong growth from suburban B assets that are less exposed to new supply than A assets downtown. Although new supply will challenge us somewhat in Downtown Seattle and Bellevue we expect 2015 to be similar to 2014 or roughly 6% growth. Boston which represents 5.5% of our total income should continue to see supply pressure downtown but our suburban assets in the north and south shore markets should fair relatively better in 2015. Long-term we like the downtown market and look to continue to grow through development in the submarket. During 2015 revenue growth forecast of between 4.5% and 5% right in line with 2014. Last Dallas which represents 5.5% of our NOI posted 4.2% year-over-year revenue growth in the fourth quarter. We expect new supply pressure in Uptown and Plano in 2015. January results indicate that these submarkets are performing slightly better than initially budgeted expectations. The 2015 revenue growth is still projected slow to roughly 3% from 4.4% in 2014. As you can see on attachment 7-B of our supplement, our 467 home Bella Terra located in Huntington Beach California and our 255 home Capitol View community located in Washington DC will join the same-store pool in 2015. Turning to our recently completed and in-lease up developments. Beach & Ocean, our 173-home, $52 million lease-up in Huntington Beach was 53% occupied at quarter-end and as of today is 67% occupied and 79% leased, after welcoming our first residents just four months ago. We’re currently offering one month of concessions at this community and leasing has been very strong in January with 35 applications taken during Huntington Beach’s slow season. Los Alisos our 320 home $88 million lease up in Mission Viejo, California was nearly 90% occupied at quarter-end. We are on-budget and meeting our lease-up expectations. Finally, DelRay Tower, our 322 home $132 million lease up in Alexandria, Virginia remains challenged by the weak DC market. But we’re confident in its long-term prospects. We are currently offering concessions of two plus months in this oversupplied submarket in order to hold rate and maintain leasing velocity to reach our budgeted occupancy. Of note, in a typical development project a one month concession through the lease up period is fairly standard. When a submarket is seeing lease ups offer less than one month it normally indicates excess demand versus supply and vice versa when lease ups are offering more than one month. If you ever want to gauge submarket strength, shop a sampling of lease ups in the area to see what level of concessions are being offered. With that I will remind those listening that there is a link to our updated two year strategic outlook document on the Investor Relations page of our Web site. We will pause for a moment so that everyone can gather the two year outlook materials as we will lead you through the document page-by-page. I will now turn the call back over to Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you Jerry and I hope all of you who have the presentation up will go page-by-page with our comments directed to those highlighting the page numbers we are on. Starting with Page 3 a couple of high level thoughts. First we view this year's update as a continuation of last year's plan with a few minor tweaks. We believe this continues to be the right plan for UDR and here is why. The plan primarily objective is to drive high quality cash flow growth while incrementally improving our balance sheet and portfolio. In another words consistent sustainable growth that is funded in a safe low risk manner. We believe that successful execution of these objectives will drive strong total shareholder return. With solid apartment fundamentals as a backdrop in 2015 and '16, we believe that UDR still has a long runway of accretive growth ahead, whether that growth comes from operations where we work daily to drive efficiencies through our organization or external growth where we are still finding plenty of development opportunities that create significant value. We will continue to capitalize on the opportunities available to us. So how have we performed versus the plan presented in 2013 and 2014? In short we have met or exceeded all primary operational and financial objectives previously set forth. Some of this upside resulted from strong fundamental backdrop I referenced earlier, but a focus on excellence and execution listening to and serving our customers and continuously improving the business process from the C suite to our community level staff also played a major role. Growing cash flow to optimize shareholder return while also ensuring a great customer experience at our communities and making UDR a great place to work are our most important objectives and we will remain fully focused on executing them. With that I will turn over to Tom to discuss the details of the updated outlook.
Tom Herzog: Please turn to Page 4 as Tom mentioned earlier we have met or exceeded all the primary, financial and operational objectives to-date as set forth in our previous two plans published in 2013 and 2014. In particular our same-store growth over the past two years has outperformed and along with our successful development deliveries have served us the primary driver of our better than expected cash flow growth and improving the leverage metrics. Turning to Page 5 perhaps the most important driver of UDR's value creation strategy is our best-in-class operations. We are continuously implementing revenue growth and cost efficiency initiatives throughout the organization to improve how we do business. As is evident on this page, we have generally produced better top-line growth in our primary markets which comprise approximately 71% of our NOI over the past one and three year periods. But market wins represent the true measure of our operational accomplishments. Win in a market is defined as ranking first among peers and same-store revenue growth in a quarter. The chart at the bottom of the page illustrates our success since 2008 wining a larger percentage of our markets than the peer average in each year. This is a testament to the organization that Jerry and the team have built and the culture of continues improvement that has promoted inside UDR. So how have we maintained our operational advantage and how do we intend to keep it in the future? Please turn to Page 6 many listening to this call are familiar with the primary revenue generation and expense control initiatives we have implemented overtime. These along with potential future initiatives are presented in the table on this page, importantly all of our growth and efficiency initiatives have one thing in common, they either provide our customer a wanted service or allow our associates to their jobs better. Our past initiatives which primarily focused on moving customer services online were a significant success current initiatives as will become evident on Page 7 should continue to drive our bottom-line for years to come and our list of potential future initiatives is extensive. Operation has been and will continue to be a significant competitive advantage for us. This not just because of our superior block and tackling in the field but also because of the creativity our operations team employs to continuously improve the business. Please turn to Page 7 this page lists some of our operational projects that have been implemented over the past couple of years and their potential impact on our NOI. As is evident we have made solid progress on each initiative to-date and our bottom-line has benefited greatly. As we look into 2015 and 2016 there are still opportunities to increase the efficiencies as these initiatives further. Finally we launched a new Web site at the end of 2014. This is a third major revision of udr.com and represents a complete rebuild of our online presence. It is a result of several months of research including the input from customer focus groups that indicated their preferences in an online shopping experience. The new Web site features elements such as online appointment scheduling, enhanced neighborhood, information and comparison shopping tools all of which are available through any device that customer chooses. To-date we're exceeding our initial targets for the site by converting a higher than expected amount of traffic to community visits. Turning now to capital allocation and development on Page 8 development remains the vital component of our value creation strategy. While not as many deals pencil in today’s environment development remains accretive and will continue to be a primary means through which we improve our portfolio and grow our Company. Our underway and completed non-stabilized developments totaled 875 million and was 72% funded at year-end. Most of this pipeline is concentrated in our primary coastal markets. In 2015 we expect to deliver over 225 million of projects. Our annual targeted spend of 400 million to 60 million per year and our targeted trended spread versus cap rates of 150 to 200 basis points have not changed. While construction costs continue to increase so do rents. To mitigate market risk we employ a few tactics. First prior to the development commencing, we demand full drawings and GMAX contract thereby locking in costs. Second we diversify our geographic exposure, our goal is to commence a new development in a target market as the previous development is leasing up. Third, we utilize conservative top-line growth assumptions to underwrite our projects. In 2015 and '16 we will continue to mine our current land bank as well as add new land sites such as our Graybar site in Boston. We're planning four to five starts in 2015 which include one large fully owned project Pacific City and three to four smaller 50-50 JVs with Metlife. As of year-end 2014 our Shadow pipeline was approximately 1.2 billion at our pro rata ownership and represented 400 million to 500 million of value creation assuming current spreads. Please turn to Page 9. We anticipate that our under weighing completed developments as of 12/31/14 will average $0.035 of drag offset by $0.055 of accretion annually in 2015 and 2016. Upon stabilization which occurs at different periods for each project the pipeline is expected to generate accretion of $0.08 per share with growth thereafter. On an NAV basis we expect our pipeline to generate $2.5 per share at stabilization approximately 35% to 40% value creation over cost. Page 10 exhibits some of our recent developments. Please turn to Page 11. As focused as we're on operations and development, maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet to optimally fund our business is just as important. We exceeded the balance sheet metric goals provided in our 2013 and 2014 strategic plans and we expect further improvement in 2015 and '16. This has also been acknowledged by the rating agencies in 2014 we received a credit upgrade from Moody's to Baa1 and revised a positive outlook from S&P. On the capital markets front our 2015 and '16 capital needs will be funded through a combination of asset sales and new equity and debt, the mix of which will depend on availability and pricing at the time the capital is needed. Please turn to Page 12. The primary objective of publishing this plan is to illustrate how we intend to drive high quality cash flow and NAV per share growth in 2015 and '16. In 2014 our AFFO per share growth was a very strong 10%, in 2015 and '16 AFFO per share growth is expected to average in the 5% to 8% range which will continue to be driven by favorable same-store growth, development earn in and favorable debt refinancings versus in place debt. This was somewhat offset by higher trending interest rate assumptions, a lower tax benefit from our TRS and potential dispositions. We expect the business to drive 8% to 10% NAV growth in both 2015 and '16. Please turn to Page 13. This page provides our '15 guidance, initial '16 expectations and detailed modeling assumptions. In 2016 we're expecting solid same-store and cash flow growth based on still strong third-party job growth expectations against moderating new multi-family supply growth in our markets. In addition, our expected asset sales in 2015 combined with our 2016 entrance to our same-store pool will enhance our same-store mix toward high growth markets. And finally Page 14. Our 2015 top-line growth assumptions for our markets are presented on the map. We expect the West Coast to Northeast to grow at a rate above the portfolio average, the Mid-Atlantic will continue to struggle but it's still expected to outperform relative to our peers due to our 50-50 mix of As and Bs in DC and less direct exposure to new supply inside the Beltway. With that I will open it up to Q&A. Operator?
Question-and:
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will go to our first question from Jana Galan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jana Galan: Can you discuss the strategic positioning of the Metlife transactions in the fourth quarter in January, are you fine tuning your geographic exposures or were you looking to back fill the 2016 development pipeline? And then do you expect to continue growing with MetLife maybe in joint venture III?
Tom Toomey: This is Tom. With respect to Met, we established this relationship many years ago and see its still as a strategic benefit for the enterprise and that brings us opportunities, we discuss them and we’re going to continue to undertake that on a go forward basis. With respect to the quarter, you really have a series of transactions here where we bought in the two land sites that were part of the land bank that Met owned, we'd started at 4%, bought up to 50%. We typically do that and we’ll probably look at those other remaining sites in the future after we have a pretty good clarity about the product, the zoning and the good use of capital. On the other side, we sold an interest of 49% of our San Diego community which is right across the corner from Strata, and as a result felt that was a good alignment of interest at a great price and welcome Met into that asset and feel that that’s a good investment for both parties. And lastly with the development site that we had for about seven years in Koreatown in LA and looking at expanding our deployment capital across the platform, we thought it was a good addition by having Met come to that. So on the future; I think we take them as we go. I know that we’ll look at the land sites as we get them zoned and more detail around and about investing in them. On a Met JV III, I don’t know if I see that, I like our 50-50 platform that is in Met JV II, it’s a good alignment of interest and we’ll continue to have ongoing conversations with Met.
Jana Galan: And Jerry, can you guess the new renewal if that's for January, and renewal asks for February and March?
Jerry Davis: Sure, January new leases reprised at about 3.6% higher than the prior residential we’re paying. I would tell you that is actually about 350 basis points higher than we were last January. Renewals in the month of January were at 5.2%, which is slightly above where it was last January, call it 10 to 15 basis points. And as we look out over the next two months, we see an acceleration in renewal rate growth, currently on about half of the renewals being fine that we would expect for the month of February, we’re up in the 5.5% to 5.6% range. And as we look at, call it 20% to 25% of March renewals that we’d expect to have completed. Those are actually pushing north of 6% right now. So, you see an acceleration actually in renewal growth which is making us very optimistic and it’s also has shown us that new lease rate growth is probably going to follow. We spent, much of the last six months setting ourselves up to have outsized rate growth, and we did that after we achieved high occupancy in 2014. We've been pushing market rate on new leases mostly to set a new mark so that we come in later and start realizing that on the renewal side. So our renewal growth has lagged a bit over the last four months or so as we look out over the next three to four months, we’ll start to see that acceleration on the renewal side up also.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Nick Joseph with Citigroup.
Nick Joseph: Tom you mentioned the long run rate for growth and the outlook expect same-store growth in 2016 generally in line with 2015. Can you talk about what gives you the confidence that growth in this cycle will remain above historical trend and can you talk about the largest risk to that base case?
Tom Herzog: Nick, its Herzog. When we look at 2015 and 2016 I think we said it looked a lot of like 2014. We continue to see good fundamentals across our market. We use third party data and our individual market knowledge when considering what we think 2016 growth will look like, and arriving at these numbers. And we’ve looked in third party data providers both jobs and supply, we have a tendency to use Axion, Moody's. From a jobs perspective and I know lot of you have these numbers, but we fell 1.9% job growth in 2014. Looks like it’s probably going to be at least according to the data providers 2.1% in '15 and probably going to 2% on '16. When we look at supply on the other hand, in '14 we're at somewhere around 1.5 or expecting '15 to be somewhere around 1.5% growth and it probably declines a bit and '16 the 1.2%. As we've used this data historically, we've a tendency to look at the jobs to supply kind of 5:1 ratio, but we look at them market-by-market to make them more specific. And in 2014 we had a positive ratio of 1.2, meaning that there would be more new relative jobs to supply. In 2015 we see that ratio according to the data experts being about 1.4 or 1.44. In 2016 it is yet higher but probably will be tapered back down a bit as the full supply comes to pass. So as we relate that to our hard markets, job growth looks better than the national averages with slightly higher supply growth. So we’ll call that maybe a push, but still as a whole very net favorable, all the same things you’ve heard also formations, demographic trends, home ownership we see a lot of runway when we look into 2016, so we feel favorable about it.
Jerry Davis: Yes, I would add one thing Nick, this is Jerry. In addition to all of the national end market factors that Herzog just spoke about. I would include Harry has been developing a pipeline in high rent growth markets, many of which properties will go into our same-store pool as we go into 2016. And at the same time as we use some sales to pay for the development pipeline those sales will probably come more from our slower growth markets, you’re going to net out with new higher growth properties coming in and slower growth properties being sold.
Nick Joseph: And then with regards to the Boston land site that you purchased. Can you talk about what was attractive about that site? And how it fits in with your existing Boston portfolio?
Harry Alcock: Sure Nick, this is Harry. First of all its 32, it’s located in the South end of Boston which is a dynamic location, it's sort of an edge location now but there are is a lot of new activity in that area including a 50,000 square foot whole foods across the street that just opened two blocks from Tufts Medical Center, it's a seven minute walk to the Back Bay of Boston. As we've talked about in the past we want to sort of complete one project in a market and then some point there after start of new one, we’re going to complete our Pier 4 project in Boston during 2015. We would expect to start the Graybar project in 2016, meaning we'll be delivering sometime in late '17 or early '18, $32 million price to center 600 units or 55,000 unit land basis we found attractive as well.
Nick Joseph: And then finally Jerry just in terms of the DC outlook. It sounds like you’re expecting '15 to be better, slightly better I guess than '14. When do you expect actually start to get pricing power in that region?
Jerry Davis: I would tell you actually Nick it’s starting to come now. I won’t call it power, but I will tell you this; we feel like we bottomed in the fourth quarter and our rent was negative 0.6%. I’ve got early indications and I’ve actually seen my January numbers and they actually popped back in positive territory. But we are seeing new lease rate growth in the B product, mostly that’s outside of the Beltway, its going positive. Inside the Beltway new lease rate growth is still slightly negative, and renewal growth in both of those product types are in the 3% to 3.5% range. I would tell you this too, when I look at that 0.6% or so that I’ve realized in the month of January and I bifurcated between Bs outside the Beltway for the most part and As inside the Beltway, the Bs outside the Beltway are probably coming in at about 2.5% positive and my As inside the Beltway are about a negative one in a quarter. So there is still a difference between who is adding the new supply, but again we feel better about DC. We think it will accelerate slightly from where we came in last year, and we definitely feel like the negative revenue growth that we put up in the fourth quarter was our bottom.
Operator: Next to Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin Ford: Jerry I guess just a question on the 2015 same-store revenue guidance. It sounds like you've got 2% already earned in as rent-roll. You’re having a really good January; the same-store pool is getting better. I’m just curious as to why the mid-point of guidance on revenue is a deceleration from what you saw in 2014 given all those factors.
Jerry Davis: That’s a good question Karin. I would tell you when we look at what makes up revenue growth it’s really two components; first is rent per occupied home and the second is change in occupancy. Last year we had a change in occupancy of a positive 60 basis points, and as we look into 2015 we see a decrease in occupancy down to 96.5 which is 20 basis point drop. The more important factor we’re looking at is rent per occupied home and we have been driving rate for the last six months and we see that actually increasing by 40 basis points. Now you’re right the mid-point of our revenue is about 30 basis point deceleration from last year, most of it coming from no occupancy benefit. But I'd tell you we are very encouraged with where we stand in the month of January and what it looks like going forward. We currently have a loss to lease of 3.4%. A year ago my loss to lease was 1%. So it’s 240 basis points higher. So that gives us hope and really good prospects for the next couple of months gaining that. I would also tell you when I look over the last four or five years, we've seen market rents typically go up sequentially each month from January through August then we start to get some of it back each month. We have not seen any month that we did not have a gain in market rent, December of 2013. So it's continuously grown over that time period. And like I said, when I look at how January had started, we're very encouraged by the way we're performing today. And compared to what we budgeted just three months ago, we're excited about '15, we think things look very strong right now.
Tom Toomey: Karin before we get into the next question throws out again. Speaking to the '14 or '15 same-store guidance, I'd like to add to it we had a few different pieces that were issued that indicated that folks thought that our AFFO growth looked a little bit light compared to the strength of the business, and I'd like to address that for just a moment. If you looked at consensus, its showing and this is for 2015, it's showing $1.63. But I will remind you that when you look at consensus, it's always in mix bag. Some are going for FFO, some FFO is adjusted and some their own creation of what they believe the appropriate funds from operations. So that’s how we've heard a measure. But we're at $1.61 against the $1.63. As you guys are modeling, I would ask you to consider there are couple of items to just make sure it's in your model. One is last quarter we had mentioned that upon the sale of the Texas JV which was obviously a favorable transaction for us that reduced our FFO as adjusted by close to a penny per share. And the second thing and it's something that we mentioned about a year ago, I mentioned about a year ago that we're going to be moving certain TRS assets out of the TRS up into the REIT through some tax structuring, and that was going to reduce the tax benefit. That’s about a two penny difference as well. So you add those two together that's $0.03, that equates to about 2%, and that would certainly bridge the gap plus the penny probably against consensus no matter how you measure it. And the other thing as we show 5% to 8% FFO adjusted growth during the 2015 year $0.03 equates to 2%. So that would equate to 7% to 10% growth. And as you know from our strategic plan we've indicated strong cash flow growth has been one of things that we're working hard toward 7% to 10% growth rate is certainly consistent with what we've been seeking to accomplish. So I just wanted to add that in as you're considering remodeling.
Karin Ford: I think you mentioned also Tom in your opening remarks that the strategic plan was essentially unchanged, but as there were some minor tweaks. Can you just give us a quick summary and so what you think the tweaks were from last year's plan to this year's?
Tom Toomey: I'm really minor in scope and nature, I think you are going to continue to see us with our development spend which is probably a little bit less than it was in prior year's asset sales last year exceeded plan, this year we put forward some guidance as total capital requirement the mix may change upon that. That’s probably where I think the tweaks are.
Karin Ford: And then just last question is on the operating initiatives that you guys are so successful on last year. How much of that NOI benefit do you think you guys have harvested? And are there additional initiatives that you're planning to implement for 2015?
Jerry Davis: Yes Karin this is Jerry. I think there is still lag on quite a few of the initiatives we started last year. And if you looked at page seven in the two year strategy. We started out on reducing vacant days if you will. Back in 2012 when we were averaging about 26 days we so far cut five days off of that and we're down to averaging 21 days in 2014. We're going to try to get a few more days off of that this year and our long-term goal today is 18 days, but we’re going to reassess when we get to that point. So we still think there is some room to pick up some reduction there. The biggest item or one of the big items is increasing staff efficiency. We first looked at this several years ago, we deemed our maintenance teams were probably inefficient about three to four hours a day where they are soundly walking from place to place, and we've introduced technology and standards. If you capture a 50 minutes of that which adds about an annual almost $3 million to NOI, we think there is another 1.5 hours to two hours to get. So we think we're only 40% of the way there this year. And I can tell you as I look at the components of what make up my expense growth next year, our expectations as our NIM expense is going down again for the third year in a row by a little over 1%. So there is some juice there. Then the third large initiative that we'll continue this year that we started last year was our outbound call center, what we called in the two year document resurrecting discarded rental lease. We picked up 400 incremental leases last year we feel from this group which boosted our occupancy about 50 basis points. We increased the size of that group but our intent is not to increase the occupancy, it's actually to increase traffic which will probably result in a lower closing ratio at the site, but we think it will drive rates. So we're not going to have to be the cheapest place to live, we can hold out here quality, high paying renters, drive rate more. Whereas last year was an occupancy pickup, we think this year it's going to be more of a rate pickup. I would say there is a few things we're working on, that are in this document. It is hard to tell if we'll make much money in this year but its problems we know we have to solve and that's the resident package lockers or delivery systems, electronic locks we've been working on for several years haven't come up with a good solution but we think when it does it's going to be staffing efficiency as well as add amenities to the residents. And we pick another big one that we've really, we've dedicated some resources here in our Denver office too is reputation management by not doing -- we think we need to get our scores better even though they are better than the average for the industry, we realized a lot of our demographic looks at that metric before they make a buying choice. So we want to work to get our scores up but more importantly we want to listen to what our residents are saying about us and make the UDR community a much better place to live. So those are the things that are one the immediate pipeline. I can tell you we've got about 50 to 60 different items. Some may take years to prepare implementation but we'll tell you about those once we get them rolling.
Operator: Next question will be from Rich Anderson with Mizuho Securities.
Rich Anderson: Just real couple of quick ones, first. Did you mention this one-time infrastructure repair cost and what that was?
Tom Toomey: No I didn't.
Rich Anderson: And what is it, and when is it?
Tom Toomey: Yes it is going to be throughout 2015, it pertains to two projects that we have; one that involves re-piping and one that involves a garage structural repair that's fairly significant. They are both one-time, they are both not going to add or provide a return. And so we felt it appropriate to break it out separately in Schedule '15 which is where you'll find that guidance. And I know your next question is going to be, are we going to include that in our recurring CapEx? And the answer is no, because of the one-time nature of it and the non-recurring nature.
Rich Anderson: So will it be ratably throughout the year or specific quarters or what? Just for modeling purposes.
Jerry Davis: Rich this is Jerry. I think you are going to see first quarter is more planning, I think the bulk of the spend is going to come in the last three quarters.
Rich Anderson: Next question is just on the 1031 exchange; by buying land I wasn't aware you can get satisfied with the 1031 exchange requirements. Is there something you have to do with that land in a specific period of time to satisfy that tax issue? Or is that legal -- not legal or just buying land enough or they would like exchange?
Harry Alcock: Rich this is Harry. The 1031 works or function the same whether it's an operating asset or a land asset, both work equally as well.
Rich Anderson: I wasn't clear on that, so. And then maybe a big picture question for Toomey or whomever. But a lot of shifting around some complexities, with things moving from one bucket to the MetLife relationship. Do you foresee some of those kind of moving buckets some of that moving, activity slowing down in future periods does create some create some noisy situations in certain quarters. So I was just wondering if you could comment on that and what the kind of long-term objective is and where you want to get to in terms of your ultimate relationship with MetLife?
Tom Toomey: Well certainly with respect to Met, I think the long-term goal about four years ago was try to move it to a 50-50 platform. And as you can see every quarter we chip away at that, the remaining aspect to get there is probably about six parcels of land that are currently going through rezoning efforts. And so over probably the next year or two years you will see us evaluate those as to more clarity about the investment opportunity is understood, and they'll move to a 50-50. And at that point I think we pretty much have completed what I would call hand over Met UDR transition will be done, Rich and I think that's a great position to be. You can see we took steps to simplify the organization this quarter with certainly the sale of the Texas JV and realizing a great return. So I think these well might add some complexities Tom has done a fabulous job of laying out the path, the value created in each of them. And we think that’s a continual effort going forward, but certainly things that have been worth undertaking and certainly a benefit to our shareholders.
Rich Anderson: So maybe some moving parts, some noise for this year but then it starts to die down and you get to where you want to be?
Tom Toomey: Yes sir.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Dave Bragg of Green Street Advisors.
Dave Bragg: And Jerry I wanted to follow up on a point you made earlier which is that your asset sale and rolling of new assets into the same-store pool could move the needle a little bit. So just to help us to have a clear perspective on what '16 could look like relative to '15? How much does that impact your '16 revenue growth if you think about the same-store pool this year, what’s that growth rate in '16?
Jerry Davis: Dave, I don’t have the exact number, I can tell you as we’ve looked at potential dispositions and the assets that are going to come in, we think it’s going to be fairly de minimis, call it 10 to 20 basis points probably at most.
Dave Bragg: And then question for Herzog, when we look at page 11 of the plan, you have debt equity in sale proceeds group together. Your peer AvalonBay provides a constant capital heat map which really provides their view of relative attractiveness of each of those three sources. Could you talk about that from your perspective and how you’ll balance that with your leverage targets?
Thomas Herzog: Sure Dave. We don’t provide heat map but we do in the same kiosk. So, here is how I think lets out. If we look at the three different sources, first look at just cost of equity. If we're showing equity we do it against AFFO yields, just for the per share, so I don’t mean the true cost of equity including growth but the per share cost against AFFO, call it somewhere between 4% and 4.5% cost in that particular year. If we look at sales proceeds, we just look at the cap rate on a cash flow cap rate basis and again ignoring growth. That could be -- it depends on what assets were signed it could be a sub four, it could be six, 6.5 maybe seven. But that’s the type of range dependant on what it is, we’re selling that in which market, which assets, et cetera. When we think about that, we could be issuing debt at call it three, 3.5 today on a 10 year basis. When we look at what it could be in 2015, maybe we say four, maybe we'd say less. So that’s anywhere from 3.3 to four in the current year for newly issued debt. So, when we think about the most attractive source of capital, we have to take into account, we trade in at a premium to NAV, what do sales proceeds look like? Do we have assets that we would really like to liquidate and from a debt metric perspective, however we’re thinking about our leverage, our net debt to EBITDA, fixed charge coverage et cetera. And as you know over the last couple of three years, we’ve leaned toward issuance of less debt or at least keep it neutral, so that we can improve our metrics, we’ve not been a big issuer of equity because the good portion of that we’re trading at a discount, that as we look at it today, frankly we have three very attractive sources of capital and we’ll definitely take into account our debt metrics and we’ll look at each of those, every time we consider, which source of funds we want to utilize.
Dave Bragg: And last question is just back to Jerry. Of course you noted your reduced exposure to taxes but just talk about your broader thoughts on the impact of lower oil on Dallas and on Denver?
Jerry Davis: Sure, I would say Dave from what we’re seeing and what we project to see, these are diversified economies and we don’t see much of an impact to us. I would remind you, in Denver we only have one 50-50 owned assets, so it will have minimal effect on us. And then Dallas to date we see nothing, I would tell you even the January is been a bit stronger than I would have expected three months ago. So, I think when you look at everything that Texas has going for it outside of Huston, the other two markets, they will have some effect from oil prices but not nearly as much.
Operator: We’ll go next to Ian Weissman with Credit Suisse.
Ian Weissman: My questions have been asked and answered, thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky: Hey, good afternoon guys and just follow to Dave’s question just as we think about dispositions there. How much can you sell in 2015 without pushing up a need for special dividend?
Tom Toomey: We’ve got a decent gain capacity, but Mike it depends on the blend of assets that we sell. You can look at what we’ve sold in 2014, they weren’t all in non-core markets, we had certain assets that we chose to sell in Seattle. We had assets in Florida; we had assets in Norfolk, we had an asset in California. So it depends on which assets we choose to liquidate and what the gain on that is. But we’ve also got the clawback rules in a variety of different things. So we’re not bumping up against any issues around that right now. If we chose to fund our entire development pipeline in 2015 from sales proceeds [indiscernible].
Michael Salinsky: Second question I think you mentioned three to four stretch with MetLife one on balance sheet. Could you give just kind of a dollar amount as we think and then just as you’re looking ahead to '16 there thinking about the capital sources and uses, how much should we expect kind of to start there, just kind of building out the pipeline there.
Tom Toomey: Can you repeat that second part Mike? I missed it.
Michael Salinsky: You gave a number of starts but I'm just thinking in terms of dollar amounts, how much should we kind of -- what’s the dollar amount there just given MetLife for probably three to four of the starts.
Tom Herzog: Yes, hold on a second I’ve got that number here. The starts in '15 will be somewhere around 400 million in total, so that’s the start number.
Tom Toomey: Mike, that’s UDR's share. So we expect to start our Pac City project in Huntington Beach in 2015. We also expect to start a 50-50 JV, 155 units in Mountain View the early part of '15 and then we have two or three others that could start in 2015 UDR share would be 400 million to 500 million.
Michael Salinsky: And finally just the leverage metrics you gave in the strategic outlook don't include your share with JVs. Just given the asset sales into the JV as well as the client commitments with MetLife. Just could you give us kind of an update where you think those metrics kind of play out relative to wholly owned portfolio over the next two years?
Tom Herzog: Let me just start with 2015. We’ve got net debt to EBITDA, in fact let me just me actually go to the range numbers rather than what I have in my model. So, net debt to EBITDA, we’re showing 5.8 to 6.2 the same number with JVs would be somewhere around 6.8, and in 2016, I’m triangulated in a couple of schedules here. Net debt to EBITDA dropped to somewhere, I’m not going range just one, just call it a mid-point of about a 5.4 and it would drop inclusive of JVs to somewhere around 6.4.
Operator: We’ll go next to Derek Bower with Evercore ISI.
Derek Bower: Just a couple of quick ones. Tom can you comment on the reasons for delaying the financing of the January maturity? And maybe what the revolver balance stands today?
Tom Herzog: Yes, the revolver balance, it’s just over 400 million. We’ve got some proceeds that will be coming in and we’re looking at a couple of potential different sources of capital. So it’s sometime in the first half that we expect, we’ve already got a piece of that debt hedged. So that plays into our thinking as well. So with variety of different things we’re thinking about as we think about the timing of debt.
Derek Bower: And then just given the West Cost concentration of the pipeline. Are there any East Coast markets that you’re actively looking for land sites today?
Harry Alcock: Derek this is Harry, we just acquired a land site in Boston for large a projects that we’ll start next year. We are actively looking for traditional sites in Washington DC possibly in New York, in addition to the West Coast assets.
Derek Bower: Jerry, sorry if I missed this, but where is occupancy today or the end of January?
Jerry Davis: Both cases into January and today it’s 96.5.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Dan Oppenheim with Zelman & Associates.
Dan Oppenheim: I was wondering if you can talk Tom about the outlook and potential risks to it, how much of the lower turnover that you’re seeing has occurred for past few years? You think is due to the shift in the markets where you are into better customer service and satisfaction. How much you think is cyclical sort of it could present a risk in terms of expenses also in terms of unit to that way.
Tom Toomey: I would tell you, I think a lot of is our markets I think when you look at it with our mix of As and Bs, the Bs really hasn’t been moving out as much because they’re not being tempted by the new developments. So that helped somewhat. I would tell you too that we’ve done a better job of lengthening lease terms, few couple years ago our average lease was probably around 11 months and its gotten closer to 12 months and it doesn’t sound like much. It will reduce the number of explorations you're going to have in a any given year by several percent that will help drive it down to. I think our turnover is going to continue at a low level. Our expectations right now is probably be pretty stable with where it was last year we continue to see build outs to home purchase slightly below long-term averages. And we don’t see that picking back up and as far as exposure to new development properties we sell to lot of that last year we don’t see a getting much worse.
Dan Oppenheim: In terms of the 10 year trends we're talking about that in terms of the new lease. How much of that is influenced most the regional mix of lease exploration in terms -- and January clearly would want to have few of those and some of the colder snowier markets. Is there any mix that you saw in terms of just how these aspirations are in January for some of the Northeast versus West Coast markets?
Tom Toomey: We work to keep it down pretty much on a national basis, because there is very few markets honestly where you are going to do better in January. California I will tell you, you want heavier concentrations in the middle two quarters. So it's going to hurt you almost as much as it does place like Boston. So I don’t think there is a significant differentiation across the portfolio, I would tell you though that first in fourth quarter we like to keep our explorations down to about 21% per home account in each of those quarters. And then it gets up into third quarter high as the low to mid 30s.
Operator: Next to Ryan Peterson with Sandler O'Neill. Ryan Peterson your line is open. Please go ahead with your question.
Ryan Peterson: Just back to your outlook on dispositions, given the pricing on Gables recently are you encouraged to sell more of your Sun Belt assets?
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I think we'll keep with the discipline that’s worked for us for so many years. We're exposed a lot to the market; we'll see where pricing comes in, the certainty around the buyer and execute accordingly. So I think it always gives us a boarder perspective of the cost of selling assets and we'll continue to do that. I don’t think there is any particular focus on market or an asset I think, we have them ranked, we list them all we'll see where they come.
Ryan Peterson: And then just one other quick question. Can you discuss all the hurdles that you have on the Wilshire development to kind of recoup with the impairment that you took there.
Tom Toomey: We likely said if we meet certain return thresholds on that, we will back the 2.2 million. But we have a partner involved here, so we're not going to disclose those details.
Operator: We'll take our next question from William Kuo with Cowen and Company.
William Kuo: Just on View 34, I was wondering if you could talk about that look like the completion day was pushed back two quarters.
Harry Alcock: William this is Harry. I'll talk; it really was a function of the final element in the building is completing the roof top. We had a few delays in the permitting last summer and just decided intentionally to push the completion of that piece of the project into 2015 which will allow us to complete the balance of the project and give the tenants a rest, this thing's been under construction for two plus years. So we expect to start that here sometime in the next 30 to 45 days and complete it in the second quarter.
William Kuo: And then just a follow up on Texas on Page 14 of the outlook it looks sub 3.5% revenue growth for '15 which is a bit of deceleration from 4Q. Is that a bit of conservative built in there? Or that’s kind of what you guys are seeing on the ground in terms of renewals and new leases that you're getting.
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. I don’t its conservatism, I'll tell we are feeling the effects of new supply that has hit Austin especially hard over the last year, 1.5 years. We were able to avoid it for the most part last year. But I would remind you we have a small portfolio there, so four same-store assets, one of them is surrounded by new supply and it's definitely feeling it a couple of them are B assets that even there is new supply they paired well last year but they're is starting to feel it. And then one is a B plus product, it's close to the South Lamar project that have been coming up just South of Downtown Austin and it's feeling it. So I probably feel a little better today about Dallas honestly from my portfolio then I do Austin, we've had a good start to the year in Dallas. But Austin is a bit concerning. Now I would tell you they've been good strong markets for the last couple of years but even absent anything from oil new supply is affecting our portfolio there.
William Kuo: Just finally in light of the kind of cost saving initiatives you guys have been doing. I was wondering if you could comment on the differential between the expense growth in the same-store portfolio and in the JV portfolio. Is there something different there or you just aren't able to kind of roll these initiatives into the JV?
Tom Toomey: When you look at it our JV full year the expense growth has been about 5.7%, that's for the MetLife and that compares to our 2.5%. The bigger component honestly this is, I mean real-estate taxes. They comprise over 30%, 33% in both pools and you are just seeing more pressure in some of the markets where the JVs are. In addition it could be that last year and I don't have the details of top of my head, sometimes it's affected by tax refunds, it is tax rates and valuations but it's predominantly taxes.
Operator: We will take our last question from Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel St. Juste: A couple of quick ones here for you guys. So curious looking at your portfolio map, we've talked a bit in the past about your warehouse markets. And just going through the list here of some of those markets, looks like you have maybe about a billion or so depending on what cap rate sort of assumption people use of what I deem sort of non long-term warehouse type assets. Curious in terms of your near-term contemplated asset sales, I am assuming the majority of these the sales are in those sort of warehouse markets. And then as a follow-on, why not accelerate the asset sales in those markets a bit given the rising supply, hearing from the home builders that they are picking up their starts and given the strong asset pricing in those markets?
Tom Herzog: Well just in general I will start and if Tom wants to add something. Let's talk about capital warehouse for a minute. So we've got certain non-core assets and capital market warehouse assets. In the capital warehouse markets I think for the past year or so we've made it pretty clear or a bit longer than that that these are markets that right now are most of them are doing pretty well, we're not in rush to liquidate those assets and some of them are actually producing some pretty strong returns and we don't think we've exhausted their value creation potential. So when we look at and I think I am repeating a little bit what I said earlier or what Tom said earlier that when you look at the 2014 sales there was a diverse mix, some out of Norfolk non-core, some out of Florida that's capital warehouse we have couple of assets that we pruned out of Seattle and one of San Diego just as an example. So we will choose the assets that we feel that have exhausted the value creation potential and from time to time those will also be non-core capital warehouse. That's where we're with that Haendel, Tom anything you would add to that.
Tom Toomey: I think a couple of points to add Haendel and thanks for the question. First I think every company has a certain pool of assets, they are below average and probably over a long-term will liquidate. We've elected to kind of identify what that proposed markets to help our shareholders understand where we are going to be strategically. We've never put a timeline on it, we think it's an economic decision and in that context as long as we're executing our strategies and making good economic decisions we will arrive at that date sometime in the future and be happy with the result. So if it comes along and the world changes economically or asset values materially change one way or another, then I think we could think about acceleration. But right now we're happy with the pace, the redeployment of capital and driving long-term cash flow growth.
Haendel St. Juste: And while I have you just curious on the decision to pare back the three year outlook to two years but certainly it was well received implemented a few years back, clients so far certainly appreciate the view on your look on how you would be running your business or expectations over the next couple of years. I now there is probably not a lot of certainly or maybe valuing then guiding the third year, but it did provide a bit of comfort to some folks. Just curious how you sort of balance those considerations when you guys were contemplating cutting back the three year to a two year plan?
Tom Herzog: Haendel it's Herzog here again. During the last year I and others on the team here had opportunity to speak to numerous investors and one of the things that we heard from investors is there was a lot less value to that third than there was certainly the second year. And because the numbers just get fussier the further out you go. And there were also comments made that by providing the second year it gave more clarity to what those numbers are rather than blending them with the third year. So we asked a variety of different investors how they felt about it and the majority said you know what we would prefer a two year plan, and so with that we moved to a two year plan accordingly. And we don't think we lose a whole lot of -- it provides you more clarity as to why we’re thinking about 2016 and so we see some benefit in that and certainly our investors let us know that they felt the same way.
Haendel St. Juste: Appreciate that, and last one I don't know you guys mentioned or, would you be able to mention just curious on the Met benefit, Met impact to your same-store pool of the new entrance of pool this year, the new assets? The new entrance into your same-store pool just curious as to what benefit they might have on your same-store revenue for full year '15?
Tom Toomey: Yes, Haendel its probably fairly muted it’s really just two properties that are coming in, residences of Bella Terra and Huntington Beach and in Capital View in Washington, D.C. So the volume of additions is very small and when you look at those two markets they probably blend down to about where the mid-point of our guidance is.
Operator: That concludes today’s Q&A session. I’d now turn the call back over to our moderator Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you for your time today and certainly your questions. In closing, we’re happy with 2014 and certainly the progress we made against our long-term plans. As we look at 2015 it’s off to a great start and I repeat a great start. We see a long runway for growth in the company and for the business and so we’re very excited about the prospects not just '15 but beyond that. And we know we’re going to see many of you in the conference seasoned as it unfolds, certainly don’t hesitate to reach out and talk to the team about what our progress is. With that, thank you again for your time today.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call, thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Van Ens - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas W. Toomey - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Thomas M. Herzog - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jerry A. Davis - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President Harry G. Alcock - Senior Vice President of Asset Management
Analysts: Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Nicholas Gregory Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Jane Wong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to UDR's 3Q '14 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Chris Van Ens. Please go ahead.
Christopher G. Van Ens: Thank you for joining us for UDR's Third Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Our third quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon and posted to our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in yesterday's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. [Operator Instructions] Please note that there is another multifamily REIT call that begins at 2 p.m. Eastern so our call will be kept to 1 hour. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I'll now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to UDR's third quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. First, all aspects of our business continue to perform well in the third quarter and remain in line with or ahead of the key targets outlined in our most recent 3-year plan. With 2014 largely wrapped up, we're fully focused on setting the company up for a strong 2015. In short, but without providing forward guidance at this time, we expect 2015 to look relatively similar to 2014, meaning that operating fundamentals should remain very favorable and development highly accretive. Both of these will help drive cash flow and NAV growth in 2015. Nationally, multifamily fundamentals remain strong. The vast majority of our markets continue to experience outsized demand relative to supply, while single-family housing challenges persist due to changing demographic trends, strict credit standards and low inventories. We do not expect these dynamics to change anytime soon, but we'll be monitoring the recent news that the GSEs may loosen credit standards. Against this backdrop, and in conjunction with our strong 2014 results to date, we raised our full year earnings and same-store revenue forecast in today's press release. Tom will discuss the details in his prepared remarks, while Jerry will address the success we achieved pushing rental rates during the quarter to benefit 2015. In fact, even when faced with higher supply in many of our markets than at 1 year ago, our advantageous product mix and strong submarket locations resulted in combined new and renewal lease growth of 4.8% this quarter, 30 basis points above that achieved in third quarter 2013. This acceleration is more noteworthy when considering that Jerry and team accomplished this, while maintaining high occupancies during the quarter. Moving on. The third quarter was successful for UDR in a number of fronts. First, and as previously announced, we closed on $97 million of noncore multifamily dispositions at better pricing than originally contemplated. Proceeds will continue to fund our accretive development projects. Second, we are under contract to sell all the communities in our Texas joint venture or approximately 3,400 apartment homes, of which we own 20% plus a promote and fees. We have received hard money and the sale is scheduled to close in January 2015 for approximately $400 million in total proceeds. We expect to achieve a strong return on this investment although the loss of the management fees will negatively affect our 2000 earnings by around $0.01. We will provide additional details when the transaction closes. Third, we completed $121 million of 1031 acquisitions in Seattle, a market where we were under-allocated from our NOI perspective. The addition of the newly constructed high-quality community satisfies our acquisition guidance for 2014. Fourth, we issued approximately $100 million of equity at or around consensus NAV during the quarter, which will primarily be used to fund our accretive $92 million Steele Creek participating loan investment in Denver. This use is consistent with our past commentary, that is we will consider issuing equity to fund accretive growth opportunities when our shares trade at or above NAV after fees. Fifth, we started $125 million, 381-home development during the quarter in Irvine, California and a 50-50 joint venture with MetLife. We will continue to develop with Met as we work through the remaining 6 land parcels in joint venture 1. In the fourth quarter, we will complete the development of 2 wholly owned projects for a total cost of $183 million. Jerry will speak on our pre-leasing progress, which is going quite well. Sixth, we've received a credit upgrade from Moody's to Baa1 and changed outlook from S&P to BBB+. Tom will provide additional details on these items in his prepared remarks. However, from a bigger picture perspective, these achievements continue to advance the strategic initiatives outlined in our 3-year plan and emphasize our ongoing commitment to generate long-term, high-quality cash flow growth, while also continuing to improve our portfolio and balance sheet. In conclusion, I'd like to thank all my fellow associates for all their hard work in producing another strong quarter for UDR. We look forward to the remainder of 2014 and to a great 2015. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Herzog: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include: first, our third quarter 2014 results; second, a balance sheet and credit ratings update; third, ATM equity issuance during the quarter and intended use of proceeds; fourth, a development update; fifth, an overview of third quarter transactions; and last, our fourth quarter and full year 2014 guidance. First, our third quarter results came in at the high end of our previously provided guidance. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.41, $0.38 and $0.34, respectively. Quarterly, same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth remained strong at 4.4%, 2.9% and 5.1%, respectively. Moving on to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our financial leverage at an underappreciated cost basis was 39.2%, and on a fair value basis, it was around 31%. It will trend lower by year-end. Our net debt to EBITDA was 6.7x, and we are on track to reach the mid-6s by year-end. Given this ongoing improvement, Moody's recently upgraded our senior unsecured credit ratings to Baa1, and S&P changed their outlook to BBB+. The improved ratings will result in approximately $1 million in annual savings on our revolver and term debt, in addition to tighter spreads on future unsecured debt issuances. Looking forward, we have $325 million of 5.25% unsecured debt maturing in January 2015 and another $188 million of 5.9% secured debt maturing in December 2015. Current rates look very attractive, and we continue to feel good about our ability to refinance this maturing debt. At quarter-end, our liquidity, as measured by cash and credit facility capacity, was $755 million. Next, as Tom mentioned, we issued approximately 3.4 million shares of common stock during the quarter, using our at-the-market equity program. The shares were issued at a gross price of $29.95 per share and net price of $29.36 per share, for net proceeds of approximately $100 million. The net price stacked up well against our consensus NAV during the quarter, and the proceeds will be used primarily to fund our accretive $92 million participating loan investment in the Steele Creek development property located in the Cherry Creek area of Denver. Turning to development. At quarter-end, our under construction and recently completed pipeline totaled $1 billion or 73% funded. Inclusive of our $422 million of stabilized, non-mature developments for wholly owned and JVs, the estimated trended spread on our development projects was 190 to 195 basis points at quarter-end. During the quarter, we started 1 development project in a 50-50 joint venture with MetLife. The Residences at 2801 Kelvin is located in Irvine, California, where we have 381 homes at a projected cost of $125 million at 100%. In the fourth quarter, our Beach & Ocean development in Huntington Beach, California, and our DelRay Tower project in Alexandria, Virginia, will reach completion. These projects consist of 505 homes at an aggregate cost of $183 million. Both projects are actively pre-leasing and will enhance the quality of our existing portfolio. As to future development projects, we continue to underwrite opportunities and will take advantage of our land bank. In the fourth quarter, we expect to start 2 additional development projects, at least 1 of which will be in a 50-50 joint venture with MetLife. Both will be in core California markets with aggregate projected spend of approximately $200 million to $220 million and have trended spreads in our targeted range of 150 to 200 basis points. Next, transactions. In July, we closed the sales of an Orlando community, 2 communities in Norfolk and a small commercial asset in Glendale, California, for an aggregate $108 million. In total, the multifamily communities were sold at a weighted average cash flow cap rate of 6.2% or $101,000 per home, contained 963 homes at average rent per occupied home of $1,050 and were on average 20 years old. Our 2014 guidance currently contemplates an additional $115 million to $165 million in dispositions by year-end. We're making progress with these transactions and will provide further details as they become available. A portion of our third quarter dispositions were classified as 1031 transactions for tax planning purposes. With these 1031 proceeds, we purchased 2 newly constructed Seattle communities, Lightbox and Waterscape, for a combined $121 million. The communities were acquired for a weighted average stabilized cash flow cap rate of 4.5% and contained 358 homes. Lightbox is in the University district adjacent to our existing Kennedy community, which will result in operating efficiencies. And Waterscape is located in Kirkland, near Google's expanding Seattle campus. Both assets represent excellent additions to our portfolio. Onto fourth quarter and full year 2014 guidance. Third quarter earnings and same-store sales growth remained strong, and we're increasing our full year 2014 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance by $0.01 each at the midpoints. FFO per share guidance was raised to $1.52 (sic) [$1.54] to $1.56, FFO as adjusted to $1.51 to $1.53 and AFFO to $1.34 to $1.36. For same store, we are increasing our full year 2014 revenue growth guidance to 4% to 4.5%, up 25 basis points at the midpoint and increasing our expense growth guidance to 2.25% to 2.75%, up 50 basis points at the midpoint. The 5% midpoint of our NOI growth guidance did not change, although we did tighten the range by 25 basis points on both ends to 4.75% to 5.25%. Other primary full year guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15 or Page 27 of our supplement. Fourth quarter 2014 FFO and FFO as adjusted per share guidance is $0.38 to $0.40. AFFO per share guidance is $0.33 to $0.35. Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.26 in the third quarter or $1.04 per share when annualized. This represents a yield of approximately 3.6% and will be our 168th straight quarter of paying a dividend. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon. In my remarks, I will cover the following topics: first, our third quarter portfolio metrics, leasing trends and the success we realized in pushing rental rate growth this quarter; second, the performance of our primary core markets during the quarter; and last, a brief update on our recently completed and in lease-up developments. We're pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. Our same-store revenue growth of 4.4% was driven by an increase in revenue per occupied home of 3.8% year-over-year to $1,619 per month, while same-store occupancy of 96.8% was 60 basis points higher versus the prior year period. Total portfolio revenue per occupied home was $1,779 per month, including pro rata JVs. Our revenue growth through the first 9 months of the year has remained strong at 4.4%, as a result of a 50 basis point improvement in occupancy and a 3.8% increase in revenue per occupied home. We see this strength continuing into the fourth quarter. Turning to new and renewal lease rate growth, which is detailed on Attachment 8(G) of our supplement. As Tom mentioned earlier, blended new and renewal lease rate growth was 4.8% during the quarter, 30 basis points higher than the 4.5% growth we generated in 3Q 2013. While a portion of this acceleration was due to the tailwind provided by still robust market fundamentals, our elevated occupancy of 97% at the end of the second quarter allowed us to push new and renewal rate. Our 5.1% third quarter renewal rate growth was comparable to previous quarters, while we grew new leases by 4.5%, approximately 80 basis points above 3Q '13's rate. This is a complete reversal from what we experienced earlier in 2014 when our first quarter new lease rate growth lagged the first quarter of 2013 by 120 basis points. As such, our greater focus on pushing new lease rate growth in 3Q, when combined with sticky occupancy and annualized turnover that declined by 450 basis points year-over-year, has set us up well to take advantage of further pricing opportunities in the fourth quarter and in 2015. During the fourth quarter, we expect the typical seasonal slowdown to occur but believe there's plenty of gas left in the tank to continue pushing the rate as evidenced by our current same-store physical occupancy of 96.8% and October new lease rate growth that is 100 to 150 basis points higher than that of October 2013, all with comparable renewal rate growth. Market-wise, San Francisco, Seattle, the Monterey Peninsula and Portland performed well, while the Mid-Atlantic region continued to struggle. On the expense front, we increased our annual same-store growth forecast by 50 basis points at the midpoint. This was primarily the result of higher-than-expected insurance claims at a couple of our communities and higher property-level incentive compensation as a result of our strong rental rate growth and increased bonus compensation related to the ongoing successful implementation of our repair and maintenance efficiency initiatives. Next, rent as a percentage of our residents' income held steady at roughly 19%. Move-outs to home purchase were up 50 basis points year-over-year at 14%, still below our long-term average of approximately 15%. Moving on to quarterly performance in our primary core markets. These markets represent 66% of our same-store NOI and 71% of our total NOI. Orange County and Los Angeles, which combined represents 16.5% of our total NOI, continue to slowly improve. On our call last quarter, I discussed our strategy to lengthen the average lease term at our largest property in Orange County, which represents roughly 50% of our same-store asset pool in the market. This strategic move had a negative effect on 2Q occupancy and new lease rate growth. I'm pleased to report that our third quarter occupancy increased by 100 basis points to 96%, and our new lease rate growth improved to 4.5% from second quarter's negative 0.5%. We will benefit in 2015 from this move. New York City, which represents 13% of our total NOI, generated new lease and renewal lease rate growth of 4.5% each with occupancy of 97.7% during the third quarter. New York remains a good market, and with occupancy currently above 98%, we are anticipating a strong fourth quarter. Metro Washington, D.C., which represents 13% of our total NOI, had occupancy of 97.1% and revenue growth of 0.1% in the third quarter, a strong result considering the ongoing concerns many have for this market. As we have stated throughout 2014, we believe our relative outperformance versus peers results from our 60% B portfolio in D.C. and less direct competition from new supply in our submarkets. We expect these factors will continue to help us to fare better in the fourth quarter and 2015. We are still expecting positive full year 2014 revenue growth of just under 1% in Washington, D.C. San Francisco, which represents 12% of our total NOI, continues to generate extremely strong results due to high-quality employment growth and a general housing shortage in the city proper. For the quarter, new lease rate growth exceeded 10%, with renewals up 8.6%. Our October numbers remain strong. Seattle, which represents 6% of our total NOI, is a high new supply market that has held up well due to elevated employment growth. New lease rate growth exceeded 8% in the third quarter, and renewal growth continues to be toward the upper end of our portfolio. Austin, which represents 5.5% of our total NOI, had good third quarter revenue growth of 4.7%, driven in part by high third quarter seasonal new lease and renewal rate growth of roughly 7% each. We expect our suburban locations will continue to outperform as they are less directly impacted by new supply that is being delivered in the downtown core, although move-outs to home purchase have recently been affecting us in the south shore markets. Lastly, Dallas, which represents 5% of our NOI, is performing in line with our initial budgeted expectations, but we have recently begun to feel the effects of new supply in uptown and in North Dallas. Fortunately, Dallas continues to enjoy strong job growth. Turning to our recently completed and in lease-up developments. In aggregate, our California developments continue to perform well. Demand at our 467-home, $150 million Bella Terra community in Huntington Beach and our 315-home, $147 million Channel Mission Bay community in San Francisco remains fantastic. Both properties hit 90% leased in less than 7 months, with rents well ahead of pro forma estimates. 13th and Market, our 264-home, $73 million lease-up in downtown San Diego, and Los Alisos, our 320-home, $87.5 million lease-up in Aliso Viejo, California, are generally on plan but have been battling new supply. Beach & Ocean, our 173-home, $51 million lease-up in Huntington Beach, ended the quarter 35% leased and we welcomed our first residents in mid-October. In D.C., both our 256-home, $63 million Domain College Park lease-up in College Park, Maryland, and our 332-home, $132 million DelRay Tower lease-up in Alexandria continue to perform below expectations due primarily to ongoing market weakness. Despite this, we remain confident in these communities' long-term prospects and for D.C. in general. With that, I will open the call up to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the ATM usage in the quarter. You mentioned -- obviously, you used it for Steele Creek, which you consider to be an accretive use of the capital. Do you guys see additional accretive uses for ATM capital based on where you could issue stock today? And should we expect to see more ATM issuance in coming quarters?
Thomas M. Herzog: Karin, this is Tom Herzog. Yes, good question. As far as accretive uses, there will be other accretive uses. I mean, the fact is, from a development perspective, we've always spoken to that being accretive, but that's funded through noncore sales. But as we think about just funding sources in general, there are really 3 different types of funding sources, as you know. There's equity, there's debt, there's sales and there are merits to each depending on market conditions. So as we look out into the future, certainly, we have to take into account market conditions at those times as to which of those funding sources makes the most sense for us and our shareholders. So we still like funding development with noncore sales. We like the match funding aspect to it. But we don't rule out the possibility that with the right market conditions, that we would consider other sources of capital as well, including equities. So we have to wait and see what it looks like as circumstances dictate in the future.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: My second question is, you mentioned the sale of the Texas JV. Could you just talk about what drove the decision to make the sale at this time and what your expectations are for your remaining Texas portfolio?
Thomas W. Toomey: Karin, this is Tom. With respect to that sale, what drove it, the debt maturity is coming up for prepayment. We looked at the value and the IRR returns that we saw we're achieving at this point in time. And with the partnership with Fannie Mae concluded, it would be best to expose it to the market and we had a price that was very attractive to us and to them. And so we think it's going to be a good execution and a good benefit for UDR.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Do you expect to exit those markets entirely over time?
Thomas W. Toomey: No, I think we're very comfortable with our exposure in Austin and Dallas and then see those as dynamic markets. We like our submarket and product fit. And we're all very comfortable about where we're at on the investment side, but we do like those markets.
Operator: And the next question will come from Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions on the operations, I guess, for you, Jerry. The gap between new and renewal has narrowed from about, let's see, 190 bps at 2Q to about 60 bps this quarter with a meaningful pickup on the new lease side. First, what was that gap for October? And then also, how do you think that relationship evolves over the next new weaker seasonal quarters? And perhaps can you give us some regional insight on the October numbers?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. I'll start with the gap in October. It's actually our current new lease rate growth rate in October is projected to be probably a hair under 3% and renewals will be about 5.1%, so it's about 200 basis points. This is normal seasonality, as you know. New lease rate growth tends to fluctuate with the bell curve and below in the first quarter and fourth quarter and then it peaks up in the second and third, so you would expect the gap to compress. Probably more importantly, I mean, you picked up what was it last quarter and what was -- what is it in October. But when we looked at what the gap was a year ago, because we think that's more important to look at, last year in the third quarter, the gap was 180 basis points, and this quarter, it was 60 basis points. And really, what we're trying to do, Haendel, we may have spoken about this before, is we've been focusing more on driving up new lease rates because we think that sets a new market rent for our properties. When you set those new market rents, we think it makes it easier as you go forward to achieve higher renewal growth. So it's hard to continuously have a large gap between renewals and new and it will eventually put a ceiling on what you can get on renewals. We thought this was the best strategy to have. And I think when we look at our total revenue growth and when you look at how much better new lease rate growth is doing, both in the third quarter as well as so far this quarter, we're pretty optimistic about strength as we go into the remainder of the year and especially into 2015. The part that really surprised us, we said last quarter on this call that we were willing to take a reduction in occupancy to achieve this higher new lease rate growth that's at higher markets. And what we saw was we had no drop-off in renewal -- in occupancy. Part of that was because turnover dropped the 450 basis points and it gave us the ability to continue to push new rate. Even though our closing ratios came down a bit, we didn't have to close on every one. People that were just price shopping chose to go live somewhere else and we were able to elevate that. So we think it's going to pay off in the long term. Now you had another question about...
Thomas M. Herzog: Some regional insight...
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Some regional insight into the new versus renewal for October.
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, you've seen -- again, I told you October versus 3Q is down about 140, 150 basis points in total. You've seen less of a drop in the West, where it stayed -- the total western part of the United States is at 5.3%. There were probably at about a 6%, 7%. So it did drop but it's still very strong. The southwest, which is our 2 Texas markets, are coming in closer to a 2%. The Mid-Atlantic region is the one that's suffering the most right now. It's at a negative 2%. That's made up of Washington, D.C., Baltimore and Norfolk and Richmond. All of those are negative with the exception of Richmond. Currently, in Washington, D.C., we're showing new lease rate growth that's about negative 2.7% and that compares to negative 1% in September. So you're seeing that typical seasonality of drop. Baltimore has probably turned more negative than we would have expected based on how well we did there last quarter. Last quarter, we had new lease rate growth that was positive 1.8%, and today, it's down at negative 3%. So we have been feeling the effects not only of the seasonality but of also some new supply. Then the other one that drops and I think this is predominantly seasonality, maybe a little bit new supply, but -- is Boston. Boston went from being up on new lease rate growth in the third quarter at 6.9%, and in October, it's 1.8%. While that seems alarming, when I go back and look at how I did last October in Boston, it was sub-2% also. So that's a typical seasonality. Everything else has stayed pretty much the same or has had that typical 150 basis points drop with 2 exceptions to the upside. New York City stayed stable with where it was in the third quarter at 4.5%, and our Orlando market actually picked up its pace. It was at 5.4% in 3Q and it's up to 6.3%. And then on renewals, like I said, Haendel, those stayed fairly stable year-round. So the 5.1% has stayed exactly the same in October.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And you brought up occupancy, which is sort of my follow-up. You guys ended the quarter here at 96.8%, unchanged from last quarter, your highest level in, looks like, 15 years of operating data that we have in front of us here. Despite your turnover being -- your turnover is down about 250 basis points, as you noted. You're pushing new leases more aggressively as you mentioned during the quarter. So my question is, looking back, perhaps do you feel like there is some opportunity left on the table in retrospect by not pushing more? And then I guess heading into, again, 4Q, 1Q, do you expect to maintain a similarly low turnover, high occupancy levels?
Jerry A. Davis: I think occupancy will probably drop a bit. We do have 1 or 2 seasonal markets like our Monterey Peninsula that will just naturally bring it down. I think renewals, did we leave money on the table? We had a strategic -- we made a strategic decision really to go after new to reset that mark that would help us on renewals later. I think you're going to see renewal growth probably strengthen a bit as the rest of this quarter goes and not drop from its 5.1%. But we are definitely more focused on taking care of our existing residents, watching probable effect of what it does to our NOI stream. But we do feel the strategy, more than anything, Haendel, sets us up for 2015. It's paid off better than I expected in 2014 but it definitely set us up to go into 2015 probably as strong or stronger than we finished last year.
Operator: Next will be Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nicholas Gregory Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: What was the difference in performance of A and B class assets across the portfolio? And then you mentioned D.C., but are there any other markets where that variance was pronounced?
Jerry A. Davis: Really, Bs for the quarter, Nick, in new and -- a blend between new and renewal growth was about 110 basis points better than As. As we look at the month of October, that compressed to about 60 basis points. And again, we think that goes predominantly to the effect of new supply on A and not on B product. D.C. was probably the most pronounced. I will tell you, in our Seattle markets, we got A product both in the city of Bellevue as well as downtown Seattle. While they've done well, our suburban product that's more of a B-caliber asset in Renton as well as down south near Tacoma and some of the suburbs up north that cater to the Boeing plants have done a bit better.
Nicholas Gregory Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then you talked about the Seattle acquisitions and increasing your exposure there after being underweight. Are there any other markets that you're either over- or underweight relative to your longer-term targets?
Harry G. Alcock: I think -- Nick, this is Harry. I think if you look at the markets where we're allocating capital and you'll see markets like Boston in particular where we're completing a large development project, San Francisco Bay Area, again, where we're developing 399 Fremont, we tended to allocate capital to markets in which we want to grow our presence and we're selling out of the markets in which we want to reduce our presence.
Nicholas Gregory Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. But nothing jumps out other than kind of that slow growth through development or selling on the margin, not new markets jump out as either overweight or underweight kind of where the portfolio is today?
Harry G. Alcock: That's right.
Operator: And our next question -- [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to Dave Bragg with Green Street Advisors.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Tom, in your opening comments, you alluded to Fannie and Freddie's plans to expand mortgage credit. But can you share your thoughts on the potential impact to your business?
Thomas W. Toomey: David, it's really early to tell what's going to come of this. As we look through the portfolio of things that come off on the surface, we have a very small 3-bedroom portfolio that would be probably potentially exposed, but I don't feel that -- I don't feel much exposure at this point to political rhetoric. We've got 4 months after the election to seat Congress. They're going to have time to sit down and look at this and think about what they really want to do. They have to answer questions about risk retention and how that will be handled. And so this is probably going to be a story for the third quarter of next year is about time they get their act together and come out with some clarity.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as it relates to dispositions, you -- it looks like you'll exceed your disposition plans for 2014. And now that we have a potential reacceleration in single-family housing plus more multifamily activity in the second half of this year from Fannie and Freddie, is this a ripe environment for you to go beyond the 6, I think you have -- sorry, $400 million to $600 million dispositions penciled in for 2015 and '16, given the risks on the single-family side plus a robust disposition environment, might we see you go nicely beyond that range?
Thomas M. Herzog: Dave, this is Tom Herzog. Our disposition guidance, obviously, for this year came in about where we expected it with a couple of minor adjustments that we've made. As we look to '15 and '16, again, we're really looking at it, that we've got 3 different sources of capital. We have to -- as we go forward to make the optimal decisions for our company, our shareholders, we have to look at where equity prices out at, what debt looks like, what the different objectives around those are and then look to sales proceeds additionally. And with that, do we have assets that are noncore that we would like to liquidate early or recycle? Those decisions come into play. So we're not ready yet to specify how much each of those different buckets we'll include. And I don't even think that's something, when we set guidance at the beginning of the year, that we want to get too specific on. I think that there's a general capital need and it's more directional and then decisions are made throughout the year as conditions become known. So we'll certainly start the year with the type of capital need that we have as a whole and some directional guidance. But as far as specifics, that probably comes later.
Operator: And we'll go on to Jana Galan with Bank of America.
Jane Wong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Jane Wong for Jana. I was wondering if you could provide some outlook for 2015 in Washington, D.C., what you're expecting there.
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, I'd say this -- and again, this is Tom Herzog and I'll turn it to Jerry for something directional. But as far as providing guidance for 2015 at this point, that's something we're going to save for our fourth quarter call. We've got great momentum going into the end of the year. And as Tom Toomey has indicated, we expect '15 as a whole to look a lot like 2014. So we're very optimistic, but not providing specific guidance. But kind of directionally, Jerry, any comments you'd make on D.C.?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes. I guess, generally, I would say we would expect D.C. next year to be slightly worse than this year. I'd remind you this year we're going to have positive revenue growth of somewhere between 0.5% and 1% with meaningful decline. We think it's a submarket-by-submarket situation in Washington, D.C., and just as we've outperformed there, really, over the last several years because of our mix of A and B product with B staying about 60%. While we are affected by supply, it's not quite as much. We're optimistic that next year we'll see more job growth that will help to absorb those new units that are coming on. But I don't think you're going to see it be meaningfully different than what you saw this year.
Jane Wong - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then just one more quick question. Thank you for the color on the spreads to cap rates for your development yields being towards the upper end of your range, but can you talk a little bit about prevailing cap rate trends in your markets, any changes? And for the 2 starts in California, you expect the 150 to 200 basis points spread. But kind of what are the prevailing market cap rates there today that you see?
Harry G. Alcock: This is Harry Alcock. I think that, in general, in the types of markets where we're developing cap rates of -- remain the same to perhaps come down slightly. The types of cap rates that we're looking at for our California starts, the Irvine property, for example, is around 4.25%. Most of them are going to be between kind of in that 4%, 4.25% cap rate type range. So these are quality properties in high-quality locations as measured by having very low cap rates.
Operator: And we'll go to the next question from Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jerry, just going back to your positive comments about leasing strengthening in October, the uplift you're getting from the leasing efforts. As we think about the earn-in going into '15, is it reasonable to expect the earn-in in 2015 to be actually higher than it was going into '14? And then Tom, is your -- I know you're not providing guidance for '14 -- I mean, for '15 rather. But as you think about the preliminary budgeting, just on the expense side, anything that stands out to you at this point?
Jerry A. Davis: This is Jerry. I'll go first. We've looked at it and it's -- the earn-in to '15 is very similar to what it was last year, which leads back to what Toomey said in his initial comments, that '15 to us is looking quite a bit like '14, both -- as far as job growth, supply and all that stuff coming to hit us. But where we are in the ground right now is, again, we're doing better on new lease rate growth. We've been pushing that over the last 4 to 5 months. We're going into the year with probably higher occupancy than we went into last year. So you probably won't see next year us get as much of a pickup in occupancy, if any, but we do think we're going to see the same type of strength in pushing the rate as we saw last year.
Thomas M. Herzog: Okay. Mike, Herzog here again. As far as budgeting on the expense side, we're well through the process so I have a feel for that. There's nothing dramatic coming up on the expense side that you need to be concerned about.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And just as my follow-up question. As we think about dispositions, any governor on that just related to taxable net gains just because you had the 1031s in the quarter? I know you're working through some of those noncore and warehouse assets; you've held them for quite some time. How do you -- can you talk about kind of how you manage the process of tax gains versus issuing equity as we think about funding kind of going forward?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, good question. The 1031s in 2014, those are mainly sales out of the TRS, so that avoids any cash taxes as we're recycling some of those assets. As far as sales out of the REIT, we have to take care to watch our gain capacity and that is something that the team here is very tuned into, and it is a limiter on how much, frankly, we can sell or any REIT can sell. So that does definitely enter into our calculus.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to Mr. Tom Toomey for any additional or closing remarks.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, again, thank all of you for your time, and as we started this conference call, we feel really good about the business. We feel great about the business plan. '14 is a good year for us. We're very focused on '15 and the execution. It looks, at this point in time, to be a very similar year to '14, and we feel very proud about that and that's driven by solid fundamentals by a team working very well together on a good plan and execution. And we know that we'll see a lot of you next week at NAREIT and we'll let you get to your next call. Thank you for your time again today.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher Van Ens - Vice President, Investor Relations Thomas Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas Herzog - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jerry Davis - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Warren Troupe - Senior Executive Vice President Harry Alcock - Senior Vice President, Asset Management
Analysts: Nick Joseph - Citi Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Jana Galan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Nick Yulico - UBS Rich Anderson - Mizuho Derek Bower - ISI Group David Bragg - Green Street Advisors Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo William Kuo - Cowen and Company
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to UDR's 2Q '14 conference call. This call is being recorded. And now, I'll turn the call over to your host Chris Van Ens. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher Van Ens: Thank you for joining us for UDR's second quarter financial results conference call. Our second quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I'd like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although, we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you'd be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you, Chris. And good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to UDR's second quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. First, all aspects of our business continue to perform well in the second quarter. Operations are strong throughout our portfolio, our aggregate development pipeline is meeting or exceeding expectations, and our balance sheet is solid. In short, we continue to check all the boxes with regard to the key components of our current three-year strategic plan published last February. We are just over halfway through 2014 and the macro environment for apartment demand in our markets has been slightly better than we initially expected. These markets continue to generate superior fundamentals relative to the national average. Against this backdrop and in conjunction with our strong 2014 results to date, we raised our full year earnings and same-store forecast in today's release. Tom will discuss details in his prepared remarks. While it is too early to comment on 2015, we will re-price approximately 30% of our apartment homes in the third quarter. And if current trends hold true, we expect another strong year for apartments and UDR. Jerry will provide further details on our forward operating strategy in his prepared remarks. Second, we closed on $81 million of dispositions during the quarter, had better pricing than originally contemplated. Additional sales have closed in the third quarter. Tom, will provide further details. From a big picture perspective, continuing to fund our accretive development pipeline with non-core dispositions is a trade off and is working. Later this year, we plan to market additional assets and anticipate strong demand, given the depth of acquisition capital in the marketplace. We are confident in our ability to execute upon our disposition guidance of $350 million to $450 million in 2014. Third, we are forecasting two or three additional development starts during the remainder of 2014, with anticipated cost to construct of $200 million to $325 million, depending on actual starts activity. The starts will be in our core markets and may include Orange County, San Francisco Bay Area and Los Angeles. At least two are anticipated to be with MetLife in a 50-50 ownership structure. Like our current pipeline, these new projects will help drive strong NAV and cash flow growth for UDR and its shareholders. Fourth, we successfully issued $300 million of 10-year unsecured debt during the quarter at an attractive 3.75% coupon. This issuance points to the strength of our balance sheet, which continues to improve. And finally, I'd like to thank all my fellow associates for their hard work in producing another strong quarter for UDR. We look forward to the remainder of 2014. And with that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Herzog: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include: first, our second quarter 2014 results; second, our balance sheet and debt maturity update and additional details on our $300 million unsecured offerings; third, a development update; fourth, an overview of second quarter and post-quarter transactions; and last, our third quarter and full year 2014 guidance. First, our second quarter results came in better than expected on both earnings and same-store sales growth. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.39, $0.39 and $0.34, respectively. Quarterly same-store revenue, expense and NOI growth remained strong at 4.4%, 1.7% and 5.5%, respectively. Moving on to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our financial leverage on an undepreciated cost basis was 40.5%. On a fair value basis, it was approximately 32%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 6.9x and is forecast to trend to the mid-6s by yearend. We will continue to manage our balance sheet to BBB+ credit metrics. Our balance sheet remains strong, with approximately $650 million of cash and credit facility capacity at quarter end. In the first half of 2014, $312 million of UDR debt matured at an average rate of 5.3%. We refinanced this debt in June with a $300 million 10-year unsecured offering, priced at an attractive yield to maturity of 3.79%. We have no remaining debt maturing in 2014 that cannot be extended at our option. Turning to development. Our under construction pipeline totaled $671 million at the end of the second quarter. For these developments we are projecting approximately 170 basis point weighted average spread between expected trend of yields and current market GAAP rates. When including our $416 million of development that was completed in a lease up at quarter end, our pipeline totaled $1.1 billion and had an expected spread of approximately 180 basis points. Both of these measurements point to the accretive nature of our pipeline and the strong cash flow generation we expect, as income comes online. In the fourth quarter, our 173 home Beach & Ocean development in Huntington Beach, California, and our 332 home DelRay Tower project in Alexandria, Virginia, will each completion at a combined budgeted cost of approximately $183 million. Preleasing at these two assets is on plan and both will enhance the quality of our existing portfolio. In total, our $1.1 billion development pipeline were 72% funded at quarter end, with the balance continuing to be funded through non-core assets sales. As for future development projects, we continue to carefully underrate opportunities and look for new land sites. As Tom indicated, we expect to start an additional two to three developments in the second half of 2014 with MetLife, all in our core markets and with trended spreads in our targeted range of a 150 basis point to 200 basis points. Next, our assets sales. In late June, we closed on the sale of two communities in Tampa for approximately $81 million. On July 1, we sold one community in Orlando for approximately $50 million. Combined these sales were transacted at a 5.6% cash flow cap rate. By the end of day tomorrow, July 30, we expect that the sale of two Norfolk Virginia area communities will be completed for approximately $47 million at a 7.5% cash flow cap rate. With these dispositions, we will have sold approximately $225 million of non-core assets in 2014 thus far at a blended cash flow cap rate of 6.1%. Combined, these assets had an average revenue for occupied home of approximately $1,120 and averaged 25 years old. Our 2014 guidance currently contemplates an additional $125 million to $225 million in dispositions by yearend as well as $100 million to $150 million of 1031 acquisitions. We are making progress with these transactions, and we'll provide further details, as they become available. Additionally, subsequent to the end of the second quarter, the company received proceeds totaling $36 million from the prepayment of a B note it held. The note was secured by class A property in Los Angeles, with a maturity date in 2022. The prepayment of this note resulted in a net gain of approximately $8.4 million or $0.03 of FFO per share, which will be recognized in the third quarter. The gain positively impacted the company's full year 2014 FFO per share guidance, but will have no affect on FFO as adjusted or AFFO per share. On to third quarter and full year 2014 guidance. Second quarter earnings and same-store sales growth remained strong. As a result of our positive first half 2014 and third quarter to date operating results and income related to the prepayment of the B note, I referenced earlier, we are increasing our full year 2014 FFO per share guidance at the midpoint by $0.04 to $1.52 to $1.56 from $1.47 to $1.53. We are increasing our full year FFO as adjusted per share guidance by $0.01 at the midpoint to $1.49 to $1.53 from $1.47 to $1.53, and AFFO per share guidance by $0.01 at the midpoint to $1.32 to $1.36 from $1.30 to $1.36. Regarding same-store expectations, we are increasing our full year 2014 same-store revenue growth guidance to 3.75% to 4.25%, up 12.5 basis points at the midpoint, reducing our expense growth guidance to 1.75% to 2.25%, down a 100 basis points at the midpoint and raising our NOI growth guidance to 4.5% to 5.5%, up 62.5 basis points at the midpoint. We also increased our full year same-store occupancy guidance by 50 basis points to 96.5%. Other primary full year guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15 or Page 27 of our supplement. Third quarter 2014 FFO per share guidance is $0.39 to $0.41, inclusive of the additional income from the prepayment of the B note on July 16. FFO as adjusted per share guidance is $0.36 to $0.38, and AFFO per share guidance is $0.31 to $0.33. Finally, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.26 in the second quarter for $1.04 per share when annualized. This represents a yield of approximately 3.6% and will be our 167th straight quarter of paying the dividend. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks, I'll cover the following topics: first, our second quarter portfolio metrics, leasing trends and an overview of our current operating strategy; second, the performance of our primary core markets during the quarter; and last, a brief update on our development lease-ups. We are pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the second quarter, our same-store revenue per occupied home increased by 3.8% year-over-year to $1,586 per month. Our same-store occupancy of 96.8% was 60 basis points higher on year-over-year and sequential basis. Our total portfolio revenue per occupied home at quarter end was $1,733 per month, including pro rata JVs. Our revenue growth during the first half of the year has been 4.5%, as a result of a 50 basis point improvement in occupancy and a 3.9% increase in the rent per occupied home. As Tom stated earlier, our revised full year revenue guidance is 3.75% to 4.25%, which implies a second half deceleration. Let me be clear that while we do expect lower revenue growth in the back half of the year, it is the result of two factors. First, we had exceptionally strong occupancy in the second half of 2013 that averaged 96.3%. Therefore, we do not expect the same level of occupancy pickup in 3Q and 4Q of 2014 that we have benefited from in the first half of this year. Second, today we are pushing rents harder than we normally would at this time of year, because of our very high occupancy levels, which today are close to 97%. While this will result in a slightly lower closing ratio on perspective residents and may cause some existing residents to move out, we are willing to sacrifice some near-term occupancy to strengthen our rent growth in 2015. Through our many strategic initiatives implemented over the past several years, we have the necessary platform to efficiently manage our portfolio moving forward. Turning to new and renewal lease rate growth, detailed on Attachment 8G our supplement. Second quarter effective new lease rents increased by 3.6%. Renewal rate growth remained strong at 5.5%. San Francisco, Seattle, Boston and Nashville performed well, while the Mid-Atlantic region continued to struggle. As a quick reminder, our realized renewal rent growth in a quarter typically is slightly higher than the rate we initially send out to our residents. For July, renewal rate growth is currently 5.1%, and I would expect third quarter renewal growth will be in the 5% range. In the first quarter of 2015, we believe likely that our revenue growth will stop decelerating. We base this on supply and demand projections in our submarkets, the strong occupancy trends we are currently seeing and the rate level at which we are currently able to sign and renew residents. Regionally, the Mid-Atlantic with the exception of Metro D.C. is beginning to improve modestly. We expect our southeastern markets to remain stable, as new supply is offset by strong job growth. The same hope is true for our Texas markets. We are confident that the northeast will hold up well, but certain submarkets may face some supply issues moving forward. The west should remain strong, as job growth, especially in the tech sector, continues to enable us to drive rent growth. Next, annualized turnover in the second quarter increased slightly by 20 basis points year-over-year. The increase was partially attributable to our ongoing focus on lease exploration management. Over the past couple of years, we have concentrated more leases in the high demand second and third quarters. This active management should continue to benefit our current and future year results. Further details for these metrics can be found on Attachment 8G or Page 20 of our supplement. Rent as a percentage of our residents' income held steady at roughly 19%. Move-outs to home purchase were up 50 basis points year-over-year at 13.9%, still below our long-term average of approximately 15%. Moving on to quarterly performance in our primary core markets. These markets represent 65% of our same-store NOI and 70% of our total NOI. Orange County and Los Angeles, which combined represent 16.5% of our total NOI, continue to slowly improve. As many of you are aware, we are lengthening the average term at 1,447 home Newport Beach community, the Coronado's. This will better position the community long-term, as it will stabilize year round pricing and mitigate seasonal occupancy and rent growth fluctuations. However, short-term, this change hurt our second quarter new lease rate growth in Orange County as the Coronado's account for roughly half of our same-store units in the market. We will benefit later in 2014 and in 2015 for this strategic move. New York City, which represents 12% of our total NOI improved sequentially as new lease and renewal rates averaged 3.3% and 6.2% growth, respectively. And occupancy averaged 97.1% in the second quarter. New York remains a good market. With occupancy above 98% currently, we have positioned ourselves well for a strong third quarter. As a reminder, 95 Wall, which we had excluded from same-store results due to Hurricane Sandy, was included in the second quarter same-store home account. Metro DC, which represents 13% of our total NOI had occupancy of 97.4% and effective rent growth of 90 basis points in the second quarter. A strong result considering the ongoing concerns many have for this market. The encouraging results is attributable to our mix of approximately 40% A and 60% B product, as well as less direct submarket exposure to new supply. We believe these factors will continue to help us fare better than many of our peers in 2014. Our B assets in the market experienced revenue growth of 1.4% in 2Q, outperforming our A assets by 30 basis points. We are still expecting positive full year revenue growth of approximately 1% in DC. San Francisco, which represents 11% of our total NOI, continues to generate extremely strong results due to high quality employment growth and a general housing shortage in the city proper. In June, new lease rate growth reached to 11% with renewals up 8%. Our July numbers are just as strong. Seattle, which represents 6% of our total NOI, is another market that has thus far more than adequately absorbed additional multi-family supply. New lease rate growth reached nearly 10% in June and renewal growth continues to be at the top-end of our portfolio. For July renewals are been achieved at 7%. Boston, which represents 6% of our total NOI, accelerated throughout the quarter and for a tough winter with new lease and renewal rate growth of 8.1% and 6.9%, respectively. We expect our suburban locations will continue to outperform as they are less directly impacted by the new supply has being delivered into the downtown core. Lastly, Dallas, which represents 5% of our NOI, is performing in line with our initial budgeted expectation. Uptown continues to perform well, even with significant new supply coming on line. Our North Dallas has begun to see some new supply pressures. Fortunately, Dallas continues to enjoy very strong job growth. Turning to our developments. First, our projects that were stabilized for full quarter. Demand at our 467 home, $150 million Bella Terra community in Huntington Beach remains fantastic. The property hit 90% leased in only six months and is currently 97% occupied with rents well ahead of pro forma estimates at $2.55 a square foot. Next, our projects recently stabilized or in lease up. Channel at Mission Bay, our 315 home, $145 million development in San Francisco and 13th & market, our 264 home, $73 million development in San Diego continue to perform well. Weighted average effective rents are 10% above plan. Channel, in particular, is outpacing initial expectations after hitting 90% occupancy in June, just six months after opening its doors and effective rent, 18% above budget. The property is currently 97% leased and 95% physically occupied. Los Alisos at Mission Viejo, California; Domain College Park across the street from the University of Maryland Business School and Fiori at our Vitruvian Park joint venture in Addison, Texas comprised $199 million in aggregate estimated cost. Weighted average effective rents are approximately on plan. Currently Fiori is 92% leased, Domain College Park is 99% leased and Los Alisos is 79% leased. Domain College Park and Los Alisos should both hit 90% physical occupancy within 13 months of opening. All in, we remain very positive on how our recently completed and end lease up developments are progressing in aggregate. Finally, a quick update on our development communities that are not yet open. It's still very early, but pre-leasing at Beach & Ocean, our 173 home, $51 million development in Huntington Beach and DelRay Tower, our 332 home, $132 million project in Alexandria, Virginia is progressing well. Beach & Ocean will open in October and it is currently 16% pre-leased. DelRay will welcome its first residents in August and it is currently 19% pre-leased. With that I'll open the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll hear first from Nick Joseph with Citi.
Nick Joseph - Citi: In terms of funding the remainder of the development spend, how do you internally weigh decision between selling additional assets and issuing equity at this price?
Thomas Herzog: Nick, this is Tom Herzog. We still have a view that funding the remaining development through sale of non-core assets is how we would intend to fund that. As it pertains to issuance of equity, as we've been saying since the beginning of the year, trading at a premium and having accretive use for the funds that we will consider as an option, but as far funding development it is intended through the sale of non-core assets.
Nick Joseph - Citi: So when you say accretive use of funds, so you're putting development aside, is that really only acquisitions?
Thomas Herzog: It would be acquisitions or other, but excluding development.
Nick Joseph - Citi: And then could you talk about what has driven the increased occupancy? And if that was an active decision that you targeted within your revenue management system?
Jerry Davis: Nick, this is Jerry Davis. We really started driving occupancy up probably about nine months ago. And it's really a couple of factors. We really didn't do any of it within the pricing system. I think when you look our rent growth and renewal growth, it's comparable to most of our peers, but we have seen a pickup in occupancy. And there is really a two or three primary drivers of that. One, starting in fourth quarter of last year, we brought in-house, what we call an outbound call center, and all that is, is a small group of people that go through a discarded leads from our sites, that our sites folks have just determined that they are not hot leads, and we try to resurrect those. And even though the hit ratio on those is relatively small, we found we've been able to pick up over 250 incremental leases, so far in the first seven months of this year. And when you look at that over the entire portfolio not just the same-store, that's probably at least a 40 basis points or 50 basis points pop to occupancy that was done with nothing to do with pricing. The other factor and we've been working on this for a couple of years is continuously driving to reduce the number of days an apartments sits vacant between when the prior resident moves out and the current resident moves in. Two years ago, we were about 26 days to reoccupy unit, our goal this year is to get it to 22 days. We hit 24 days last year. And we think we can continue to drive that down further by becoming more efficient on turning apartments, as well as putting more of an emphasis on pre-leasing, notice to vacate units instead of just vacant units. And I would remind you, everyday we can cut off of our average days vacant about $1.05 million of additional revenue drops to our bottomline.
Nick Joseph - Citi: Where do you think that 22 days could eventually get to?
Jerry Davis: I think we can get it probably to the mid-to-high teens. We're currently, when you break it down between turn time and time to reoccupy after the unit is made ready, we've gotten turn time down to a little under seven days. And the amount of time to get it occupied after its ready is about 15 days. Those numbers fluctuate and there's some seasonality this time of the year. My goal for the month of August is to get to 15 days of total vacant days. But when you get to the winter months, they can get up to the mid-to-high 20s. And I do have some tight markets that I typically can run at about 10 days such as San Francisco and pockets in New York.
Operator: And next you will hear from Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley: Tom Herzog, a question for you. So I guess some clarity on the FFO per share guidance here. Curious on, it looks like you were raising the full year as adjusted guidance by just $0.02 here when you're already $0.04 ahead on the first half so far year-to-date. So curious on perhaps what's holding you back from a slightly larger increase here? Is it fairly down to conservatism or is it perhaps something that we're not fully appreciating like, well, anything that we're not fully appreciating?
Thomas Herzog: When we look at the first half, we came in at about $0.75 of FFO as adjusted and we have $0.76 in the second half. The reason that the growth is in a little bit bigger in the second half, well, there is a couple of things you probably expect. We issued that unsecured debt in June and then we've got the dispositions in the second half of the year. So it's kind of in line with what we expected. As to the beat that we had in Q1 and then Q2, just a little bit of conservatism, probably both into the guidance for the first two quarters, as each of those quarters came up, as they were both early in the year and a little bit of uncertainty. So there is really nothing beyond that.
Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley: And a follow up. So it sounds like, well, your recent dispositions have been in your call it warehouse markets, where you've capitalized on what looks like to be pretty good pricing for those assets. I'm curious as you look ahead, when you talked about some thoughts on near-term asset sales. Would you consider perhaps broadening your perspective and selling some assets, some of your better quality assets in your core urban coastal markets, given what seemed to be pretty full asset pricing here? And we're starting to see some condo converted stock get back into the marketplace.
Harry Alcock: I think as Tom mentioned in his prepared remarks today, including the B note payoff, we closed about $225 million year-to-date. We've got another $47 million scheduled to close this week. A couple of properties in non-core capital warehouse markets in Virginia Beach that will get us to a little over $270 million. That leads in order to hit midpoint of our guidance another $125 million or so. We will at times consider selling properties in core markets, particularly non-core properties in core markets. We're aware that condo pricing is starting to manifest itself a bit in certain markets in New York City and San Francisco, we're not looking to do anything specifically today, but that potentially is an opportunity in the future.
Haendel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley: And Harry, while you're on, just one more follow-up on that front. The B assets you sold, curious as to the type of buyer that showed up, were there more institutional buyers? Were there just a greater number of buyers? I'm just curious if there was any retrading or you're effectively getting your full price?
Harry Alcock: The three Florida assets, where we received 20-plus bids on each of those. It's just a very broad buyer base, mostly kind of local and regional syndicators. But there is a lot of folks that are selling for those types of assets, they're leverage buyers. It's a very deep and liquid market right now. There were no retrades on those three. The two Hampton Roads assets, the buyer base is a little bit different. It's more of a local type buyer typically. We get several bids, but we're not going to reach the 20-type buyer range. But again, it's going to be a leverage buyer, and there was no retrade of any kind on those either.
Operator: We now move to a question from Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Two questions. First, did you say the rents on the Beach & Ocean deal are $2.55 a foot?
Thomas Toomey: I did -- No. Alex, the $2.55 a foot was actually on the Bella Terra deal.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: If you could just comment on the rents that you're getting at Beach & Ocean, and then what you expect for the Pacific City site?
Jerry Davis: Sure. I'll start with the Beach & Ocean. We're currently getting $2.69 market rents per square foot at Beach & Ocean. And I would tell you, we'll accept our first units their in October, and we've already pre-leased 16% of the property. We're still in design for the Pacific City deal. So we haven't finalized rent levels at that property at this point.
Harry Alcock: Alex, if I can jump in a little, I can tell you, this is Harry, with certainty we're going to get well above $3 a foot rents at that project. It really is a unique piece of dirt in Huntington Beach adjacent to 200,000 square foot retail center that will open in about a year. Tenants include Apple Store, Equinox, really unique type of project. Next to it, the hotel site has started construction. The hotel operator will be a resort-boutique type operator that operates the properties like the Bacara in Santa Barbara. So we're really going to have a very, very unique product offering there.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: And then on the B note, do you guys have other of these B note investments out there? Do you see this as a business line the way you guys used to look at the RE3, the merch business? Do you see this as a way to put capital out to try and get accretive returns or was this a one-off?
Thomas Herzog: It was a one-off. It was class A asset in L.A. that over time it would have been a nice asset to own. So it was a one-off. We don't have any further assets like that in our portfolio at the current date.
Operator: And Jana Galan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch has the next question.
Jana Galan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: For Jerry, I am sorry if I missed, can you give us an update on rent as a percent of income? And then maybe give a little bit more color on how much this number ranges within your portfolio and how that compares to prior peaks or your historical average?
Jerry Davis: The percent in second quarter in total was 19%. It's actually a hair under. That's up a little bit over the last year or so, when we were more in the 17% to 18% range. And I can tell you, I don't have good information on historical numbers related to this, and I don't know if they would be valid anyways, given how much UDR's portfolio has changed over the last seven years, the totally different type of product and resident base. It ranges from mid-teens to mid-20s, but the majority really do come in between that 18% and 22%.
Jana Galan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then just following up, I heard your As versus Bs performance in D.C., but do you have that for the portfolio?
Jerry Davis: I sure do. For the last couple of months on new leases, Bs have outperformed to As, somewhere in the 40 basis point to 50 basis point range. And on renewals Bs are getting about 20 basis points to 30 basis points better. So call it a blended 30.
Operator: And our next question will come from Nick Yulico with UBS.
Nick Yulico - UBS: First question on the development pipeline. You talk about, I think you said it was 170 basis points is the spread right now between the yield and cap rates. I think that was for the projects that were completed, but not stabilized. Is that right?
Thomas Herzog: That's actually for the ones that are under construction, that are in the pipeline. The 180 basis point is for the entire $1.1 billion pipeline, including those that are completed.
Nick Yulico - UBS: So for the ones that were completed, I think you guys are saying something similar as far as the spread in the first quarter. So the ones that are completed, are they sort of performing the same way that they were you thought in the first quarter or have you got any uplift in yield from any of those projects that have been completed now?
Harry Alcock: I'll start and Herzog and Jerry can chime in, if they have any additional input. But remember, these are stabilized yields that we're calculating. So mostly those stabilized yields are calculated one year after completion. So these are sort of 2015 and into 2016 are the measurement periods. So in the last quarter we for the most part have not updated any forecast associated with those dates. But the assets are continuing to lease up as expected and that the forecast have remained largely unchanged over the last quarter.
Jerry Davis: I would agree with that. Lease up velocity over the last 30 days has been strong throughout the development portfolio. On Page 21 of the supplement, we show leased occupancies at these properties and they continue to strengthen. I can tell you for example, Channel Mission Bay, a San Francisco property today is 97% leased, and I'd remind you that we expected our first residents just seven months ago in December. Bella Terra is 99% leased. Domain College Park, which has been a little slow to lease up, because it caters to the Smith Business School at the University Maryland, it's 99 % leased today, and 30 days from now once school returns, it will be at about 98%. So we'll have achieved over 90% occupancy in about 13 months, because we accepted our first building last year in June or July. And then when you get down to 13th & market, which is our property in the East Village, downtown San Diego, leased occupancy today is 81%. We accepted our first units there last fall and that's another property that we fully expect to hit stabilized occupancy over 90% within 12 months. And I stated earlier to Alex that Beach & Ocean are property that will open its doors in October in Huntington Beach. We've already pre-leased 16% of the units there. And the DelRay Tower, our property in the DC area, where we renovated and added density to existing property, we opened that property later this week and we've already pre-leased 21% of the units there. So leasing velocity is good. And I would tell you, the ones that's been a little bit slower than normal, we tend to lease up in 12 months or less on average, but Fiori, our property in Vitruvian Park, which at about month 14 -- I mean 18 right now, is 92% leased. So we're about to hit stabilized occupancy there.
Nick Yulico - UBS: And then I know you guys like to quote these projects in relation to where the yield is versus market cap rates, but it would pretty helpful to get a sense for where you think the absolute stabilized yield is for this pipeline right now. And then if you could talk about then as well, since it sounds like the new starts are to mostly be in California, what the yield would be on those projects?
Harry Alcock: Nick, its Harry Alcock. The yields for the pipeline, the 180 basis points are about 6.1%. And then the future projects in California, again, we'll announce those once we start the project. But I think you could assume something relatively similar.
Operator: And we'll get the question from Rich Anderson from Mizuho.
Rich Anderson - Mizuho: So Tom, I don't know if you mentioned this, but how did you -- I kind of got on a little bit late, how do you feel about floating rate debt at 17% and maturing debt in 2015 at 14%? Are you comfortable within prospect of higher interest rates or just if you could comment on your strategy?
Thomas Herzog: Well, let me hit the floating rate debt first, I didn't hear the second part. So floating rate debt, we're somewhere between, call it, 10% and 20% or even 15% to 20%, we're comfortable in that range, especially multi-family where you've got a lot of resets or quicker reset on rents. So there's some correlation in that respect. So we're comfortable with that range. What was the second part of your question?
Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities: Maturing debt in 2015?
Thomas Herzog: Again, we're comfortable with the -- we've got about $500 million maturing. Its $300 million or so in January, and then the balance of that I think is in December. It comes in at a rate of somewhere around 5.6%. And as that refinances, it probably comes in a lower rate. So it's a pickup in our model depending on how that plays out. But we're comfortable with that.
Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities: And then the second question, I don't know if this was brought up either, but Tom Toomey in the beginning said you're doing a better job in dispositions and getting a better rate than you thought going in. Can you quantify what that is and what the driving factors are you think are behind that lower or that better cap rate, disposition cap rate?
Harry Alcock: Rich, this is Harry. I mean couple of things. One, demand for these assets have been very strong, as I mentioned earlier in the call. And there really, given the demand and the competitive environment for these assets, there simply are no retrade, which there haven't been in our experience this year, which candidly is a bit unusual. Remember, we expose a number of assets to market, the mix of assets sometimes impacts cap rates, but primarily it's just a very favorable sales environment. And an environment in which interest rates, if you recall, have actually floated down, which also impacts pricing.
Rich Anderson - Mizuho Securities: I guess, my question is you mentioned in New York and San Francisco starting to see some condo pricing, but that has not played a role yet in that number. Is that correct?
Harry Alcock: Correct. There is condo interest whatsoever for the assets that we're marketing.
Operator: We'll now move to a question from Derek Bower with ISI Group.
Derek Bower - ISI Group: Jerry, I had a follow-up on the call center. Do you think this program can maintain that 40% to 50% lease per month hit rate that it seems to be having this year? And if so do you think that means occupancy can sort of normalize in a mid-96% range going forward?
Jerry Davis: I don't see why it cannot continue at that rate, Derek. The only thing I could see changing, but I think we would still be able to keep that occupancy, if my people on the ground maybe keep these leads alive a little bit longer. I think they have a lot of things to work on and some times you do just have some traffic that falls off the radar that these people pick up. But yes, I think the new norm, especially given the portfolio that UDR has today and the markets it has today and the quality it has today, it's probably going to continue to run 50 basis points higher than we did a year ago. I think this is a new norm. And the good thing, I would tell you because of the boost in occupancy that that team gave us, is it's put us in a position about three months earlier to have very high occupancy. This morning, when I was looking to my dashboard, I'm between 96.8% and 96.9% physical occupancy at my same-store portfolio. When you have that kind of occupancy at this time of the year, it gives you the ability to push rate a little bit harder. I'll give you a quick example. I look back last year, and when I looked at my June market rents and my July market rents, I had started decelerating by about $10 per unit from June to July last year. When I look at June to July this year, my market rents per unit accelerated $10. That's about a $20 or a little over probably 120 basis point increase in what I'm going to be able to push rents at. And we're willing to let occupancy slide down a bit. Its still be in that mid-96 level to set ourselves up for higher rent growth today than we normally would have been able to get. And the reason we did that as we think it's going to help propel us in not just fourth quarter, but it set us up at least through the first two to three quarters of 2015 with strong revenue growth.
Derek Bower - ISI Group: And are there any markets where it sounds like you might be more aggressive with rate later this year? Are there any concentration in your portfolio?
Thomas Toomey: I think San Francisco and Seattle and Portland, the Pacific Northwest as you can see on Page 20 of our supplement, we're already getting very high-single digit new lease rate growth. I tell you what's been encouraging, I had in my prepared remarks, and a lot of people have asked about Orange County, because Orange County when you look at my supplement, we had new lease rate growth that was a negative 0.5% in the quarter and our revenue growth was up 4%, which was pretty disappointing in my expectation as it's going to be at the low end of my peers. What we were doing there was fixing the Coronado's where we had really catered over the last five to 10 years to a lot of short-term leases. What that created was a lumpiness in my revenue stream where I would peak in the spring and summer, but then fall down drastically in 4Q and 1Q. We've been pushing more for longer-term leases, which hurt our occupancy a bit and also took down our new lease rate growth. We think it's going to pay dividends, not just into this year, but also going into '15. But what's really encouraging is when I do go back and I look at how much my market rents have gone up from June to July. They've gone up $25 per unit in just the last month, which is over 2%, and my occupancy today in Orange County is 95.9%. So I think it was a painful strategy that we had to go through in the first half of the year to restabilize Orange County, but I think it really will set us up for a good end of this year and a strong 2015.
Derek Bower - ISI Group: And then, just the last one, on Fiori, obviously that seems like velocity has picked up there on leasing. I know you guys cut rate back in April, have you had a cut rate again over the last three or four months or is that from the seasonality and you cut rate once and now you're just starting to see a pick up in demand?
Jerry Davis: No, it's really more of a one-time cut. Effective rates today are about $1.80, that's about where it was when we did the original cut. What you're really seeing is just a normal seasonal pickup that occurs in Dallas. The last two to three months we've been grossing 40 to 45 leases per month there and netting somewhere in the 35 range. And so Dallas is a tough market, especially at the end level. You've got new supply that's coming in both [Technical Difficulty] Plano area. So we're kind of getting squeezed on both side as we introduce this new price point in that Addison market. One thing we're encouraged by and this won't help us all at once, but we think it will over time, is the Toyota headquarters building that moved from Torrance, California is up in Plano, which is probably only a 10 or 15 minute drive from Fiori, and we think we're going to be able to capture some residents from that relocation.
Operator: And our next question will come from David Bragg with Green Street Advisors.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors: Jerry, did you say earlier that D.C. is improving modestly? And if so, can you elaborate on that?
Jerry Davis: D.C. is stable. I wouldn't say it's necessarily improving and I think we're really going to have challenges over the next nine to 12 month as is new supply continues to come and job growth continues to be moderate. We've been stable. We had 1.3% revenue growth in 1Q, it was 1.2% growth in 2Q. What I can tell you is the differential that we have experienced between our best performers and worst performers has tightened. In the first quarter my best performing property was a deal out in Fairfax County. It was a B quality asset that had 5% revenue growth. And my worst performer was a stabilized property in the U Street corridor, that's right across the street from our Capital View development. And now it had about a negative 4% revenue growth. This quarter my best performing property was that same Fairfax County property and it had positive revenue growth of 3%, but my worst performing property was a property inside the beltway on Columbia Pike that was at negative 2%. So it still is a submarket-by-submarket deal, but I think D.C. is going to continue to be the struggling market for another nine to 12 months.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors: And also, I think you said earlier that you expect a pause in the deceleration of revenue growth to occur in the first quarter of '15, is that right?
Jerry Davis: Yes.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors: And what type of economic environment does that assume? Does that assume a continuation of the type of job growth that we've seen so far this year?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I think if things continue as they are today, Dave, adding 200,000, 250,000 jobs a month, when that supply continues to come where we're seeing from AXIO that it's going to hit our submarkets. We're comfortable that things next year probably going to look kind of similar to what they are right now, and the deceleration will probably continue through the back half of this year for us. That is going to be predominantly due to us not being able to pick up any gains in occupancy, because we hit high occupancy late last year, and today we're trying to push rents. But we think it's really a continuation of what we're seeing today.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors: And two more quick ones for Tom Herzog. First, Tom, on Attachment 5, there a really high margin is implied within your stabilized non-mature pool. I realized that's small, but want to ask you, what's driving that?
Thomas Herzog: Dave, let me look at the details of that, we could take that offline. Let me call you back after the call. There is nothing down there, but I do want to take a look at that and answer it after the call.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors: And last one for you is, can you please just explain your cash flow cap rate methodology? Walk us through management fee, CapEx, what NOI we're talking about and is that consistent across the Florida sales and the Virginia sales?
Jerry Davis: We're taking a full cash flow cap rate approach. We take 2014 NOI. We're using real CapEx not the $300 to $500 dual version of it. So $1,200 a door and then 3% management fee, so very much of a straight on cash flow cap rate approach.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors: And that's consistent across all of the dispositions you've talked about today, Virginia, Florida, anything else. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And now moving to the next question, that will come from Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Jerry, did you actually give what the July new lease number was? And then also you broke it out between A and B, could you talk about what you're seeing urban versus maybe some of the suburban assets there?
Jerry Davis: Sure. I'll give you the first one. July new lease rate growth in total was 4.1%, which is up a bit from May and June. Both May and June were 4%. So it's continued to accelerate. And as we look out into the month of August we have visibility of what market rents are on those units that either have not been leased yet or have been pre-leased. I would expect August to be roughly in that range too. And then, renewals in the month of July came down a bit, they were 5.1%, and I would expect renewals over the next quarter or so to be in the lows. And then, you asked about urban and suburban, we typically track it more A, B and things like that. I will tell you, we look at urban and suburban, I'm going to let Thomas Toomey address this in a second, but just when do you look at the growth rates, urban As and suburban As for us, they are both right about 4.1%. This is more on the revenue growth for the second quarter, not new lease rate growth. And then, our best performing segment was really the suburban Bs, which came in the 4.7% range. But I'm going let Tom a minute about how we look at urban and suburban and our view on that.
Thomas Toomey: Yes, Mike. One thing we found and we keep reading through everybody's research is there's lines between urban and suburban seem to be blurred in our view, because you're seeing a lot of these cities are really connecting both of those areas of their communities through enhancements in their transportation systems and jobs are moving around that transportation hubs. And so it's hard for us even when we look at particular cities to draw a distinction between urban product and suburban product. What we're really more focused on as a company and where we allocate our capital is really kind of get more focused on our submarkets and where we think rent to income levels are supported, supply constraints might be greater, and the prospects out into the future. And so you take Manhattan, which we've stepped into probably four years ago, we really looked at the market and said, we wanted it would be a B product in Manhattan. And then we thought over the long-term, that's where the greatest potential for either redevelopments or steady cash flow growth over time. And always felt that an A in Manhattan would be a tough deal, because that's a renter by unique standards and would be very frugal in terms of where they always move to the next new great deal. And you contrast that where Bella Terra in Huntington Beach, the submarket to us was really attractive, because nothing had been built in 20 years. And it's very clear after putting up a 500 unit community, and Jerry leases it practically out in eight months that that was a good identified opportunity. And so you will find us going forward and probably doing a better job of communicating it, is trying to articulate clearly why we think the submarkets that we're building in and the product that we'll have in that market, where it's positioned, and why we think over the long-term it creates greater value. And so we're not trying to marry ourselves to an A product or B product or an urban or suburban, we're really trying to throw a very careful dart around a particular submarket and a particular product that we think over the long-term really generates the right returns. And I think that's what we are challenged to do and communicate in the future and you will see us do a better job of that.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Just as my follow-up then, probably for either Tom there. Given the pricing we're seeing in the market, we've seen a decent amount of compression in some of the B markets there, some of the B or secondary markets. And also, just given the appreciation in shares today, realize you guys put out the three-year plan. But is there any thought to potentially accelerating that especially with $553 million of debt maturing. Is there any thoughts rather to maybe accelerating some of that deleveraging? I know you had set out a gradual deleveraging plan, but just in light of the current capital environment.
Thomas Toomey: Tom will add some, but I would tell you this. I think asset pricing had some to room to run. The capital is stacked pretty darn deep, cash flows are growing, availability for leverage is still out in the marketplace at very attractive prices. So we think there is some room to run these asset prices, and by no measure calling a top on pricing. So I think we're going to continue to just expose assets, see where pricing comes in. If we feel like we're reaching a toping mechanism, we'll certainly revisit our strategy and our plan.
Thomas Herzog: I think Tom covered it. As it currently stands, Mike, we still do think that that matching the sales of non-core against development is the right approach. But certainly as conditions change, we'll revisit that. But that's currently where we stand.
Operator: And now we'll here from Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Thanks guys, and Jerry, thanks for your remarks on the D.C. market. I know that you think there is going to be some more choppiness there for another nine to 12 months, but are there submarkets within D.C. that you feel might have already seen the worst?
Jerry Davis: Well, it's hard to tell. There is still more supply coming. I can tell you I'm a little encouraged for example at U Street. Again, we have Capital View and a property called View 14 that is in my same-store pool, that when I compare to last year, it's a bit better. I can also tell you it's interesting when I look at D.C. and I look at market rents compared to what they were a year ago. We're about within 1% of where they were a year ago, and they're actually 4% higher than they were at year end. So there are some submarkets that I think have been fairly stable, when we look out it Woodbridge, when you look at some of our properties in the district around Logan Circle and places like that, things feel fairly stable. But again, wherever the new supply is going to continue to come out of the ground, I think you're still in for tough sledding.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo: Any discernible change in how buyers in that market are underwriting assets there?
Harry Alcock: The truth is there is still a lot of demand for apartments in the good D.C. locations and pricing of recent trades reflects that. Buyers inevitably here are going to contemplate that the next year or two is going to be, call it, flat in terms of revenue growth. But the good product still has a plenty of buyer demand.
Jeff Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: I guess maybe switching to Boston, if I could. Jerry, how are you thinking about Boston as supply comes into the market in the next two or three years? And then how would you compare that outlook for the market compared to what we've already seen in D.C., do you think it's going to be a similar impact or better or worse?
Jerry Davis: Yes. I'll start, and then I'll probably throw it over to Harry, since he looks more out in the future of the pipeline. I think what you're going see is this first wave of new supply, and what we show is it's going to grow by about 7,000 units in 2014, quite a bit in the CBD. Yes, that's about a 1.7% increase in supply. And we felt over the last couple of years that the downtown area was actually slightly under supplied and could absorb quite a bit. And we're actually seeing that. We're holding up fairly well throughout Boston. Even our one property in the Back Bay I think had revenue growth of about 5%. So it's holding up. I think it's definitely going to get choppy in some of the submarkets as they come. We have a property that we're pretty excited about down in the Seaport area. We love our location. It's going to be delivering in later in the first quarter. But there is going to be other supply that comes in proximate too and it's probably going to be to some degree a competitive world with some of the other new product coming. But we like the job market in Boston, whether it's education, tech, financial. We think Boston can probably act more like Seattle, which had a lot of new supply as well as in Austin that had a lot of new supply, because you have high-quality jobs that are there to absorb it. And I think that's one of the big differences when you compare to D.C. is, you had a situation where D.C. had excessive new supply, where you're adding 3% to 4% over the last couple of years of new product, and you had job growth that was basically zero. So I look at it with that kind of a difference. So we're a little more optimistic about Boston being more similar to Seattle and Austin than it is to a D.C. But Harry, anything you'd add?
Harry Alcock: I think you hit it. The main point is that there is a lot of good jobs being created in Boston, whereas in D.C. job growth is largely flattened out. If you just look at the jobs coming into the submarket adjacent to our Pier 4 project, in Seaport, that we'll begin delivering early next year, we spend over 2 million square feet of office that has either been delivered in the last year or is under construction, 70% or 75% of that is already leased. Companies like Vertex relocating into the Seaport, taking 1.1 million square feet, which is 3,000 or 4,000 jobs. Goodwin Procter is taking 4,000 square feet in an office building right next to our Pier 4 project. So you do have an unusual amount of job growth that we expect will fuel demand for the apartments that are being delivered over the next couple of years.
Operator: And now we'll hear from William Kuo with Cowen and Company.
William Kuo - Cowen and Company: Just a point of clarification. As I look at the full-year guidance, it looked like at the midpoint revenue growth was revised up 12 bps. Occupancy was revised up 50 basis points. Does that imply that rent growth expectations came down a bit?
Jerry Davis: Not really. This is Jerry. The occupancy increase in guidance was really much more related to how well we've done in the first half of this year. We were able to hit 96.8% this quarter. I think year-to-date occupancy is 96.5%. Our expectation was really that the first half of the year we would probably be in the low 96%. We weren't as confident at that time that this outbound call center would be so successful. So it's really a continuation of the same occupancy we've had. And I would tell you the increase in occupancy that we had in the first half of the year really was able to help fuel the revenue growth, because we actually came in a little bit under in the first half of this year in rent growth based on our original plan. So basically what I'm saying, I think occupancy continues roughly where it is. And you probably see a slight deceleration or flatness, if you will, in rent growth.
William Kuo - Cowen and Company: And then secondly, again, with the guidance, G&A went up about $1 million at the midpoint, and it looked like $0.6 million of that was from the long-term incentive plan. Is there something else making up that difference or is it more just a rounding thing?
Thomas Herzog: We had a couple of things going on in the G&A. There was about a $1 million of timing in the first half. We just had an acceleration of about a $1 million from what we would have in the second half. And the second thing is we did bump the guidance up at the midpoint, [Technical Difficulty]. You're correct, part of this is just delta based on performance. The other small amount is just miscellaneous other items.
Operator: And we'll hear from Nick Yulico of UBS.
Nick Yulico - UBS: Just a follow-up on the G&A question. Can you just quantify, I mean, if it is going up by whatever it was one at the midpoint. I mean was the savings in the same-store property operating expenses an offset to that?
Thomas Herzog: The G&A up by $1 million, it has no connection really with the same-store operating expenses at all. It's just two totally separate things.
Nick Yulico - UBS: And I'm just still a bit confused as to I mean the same-store NOI is better, the bond deal you got execution like you thought you would, the asset sales sounds like it have been a little better, the G&A is kind of an offset to that. And as it seems like again your FFO going up $0.01 and your adjusted FFO, it just seems like there will be more of a benefit from how the same-store did?
Thomas Herzog: Well, we said a couple of things. So same-store has improved with better results on the development as far as timing, the lease up on that. G&A is an offset. We did have some timing on the interest expense, where we've got the bond offering that occurred late in the June timeframe, we've got some timing on the sales. So when you factor all those components in, that's what's driving the $0.01 improvement.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I'll turn the call back over to Tom Toomey for closing remarks.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you for all of you, for your time and the comprehensive dialogue on the call. In summary, it was a very good quarter. We started out that way. We feel great about the quarter. It's a great time to be in the apartments business again. And lastly, I'd say, we're very focused on our plan and in particular about building a strong 2015. We feel like we got a lot of right momentum, a lot of right operating strategies, execution on the development activity, the financing front. So we feel really great about the business and are looking forward to getting this year behind us and getting into '15. With that, we'll sign off. And wish you to have a good happy summer.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-29 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Van Ens - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas W. Toomey - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Thomas M. Herzog - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jerry A. Davis - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President Harry G. Alcock - Senior Vice President of Asset Management
Analysts: Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the UDR's First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, April 29, 2014. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Van Ens, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Christopher G. Van Ens: Thank you for joining us for UDR's first quarter financial results conference call. Our first quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today, and posted to our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. Discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. [Operator Instructions] Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to UDR's first quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available during the Q&A portion of the call. My comments will be brief and focus on 5 topics. First, all aspects of our business continue to perform well in the first quarter. Operations is hitting on all cylinders, and our development completions and return in aggregate are meeting or exceeding the expectations. Apartment fundamental in our markets remained favorable, and our momentum entering the prime leasing season remained very positive. Second, our first quarter results came in at the high end or beat our initial guidance ranges provided in February on both earnings and same-store basis. Much of 2014 has yet to unfold, but we feel good about where we are, and we'll reevaluate and update you on our full year guidance on the second quarter call. Likewise we are in line or slightly ahead of the expectations set forth in our 2014 to 2016 strategic plan. We continue to view the plan as a solid roadmap for long-term value creation and remain fully focused on its execution. Third, we completed $295 million of accretive coastal development during the quarter. Maintaining a consistent development pipeline improves our portfolio quality and geographic footprint, and remains a primary driver or expected cash flow growth in the coming years. We are excited about the $566 million of development projects we have completed over the past 6 months, as well as the $183 million that is expected to come online during the remainder of 2014. Fourth, we completed the migration of the final 8 operating assets out of our original UDR/MetLife I joint venture with another set of transaction. After 3 years of hard work, this brings the operating community portion of the UDR/MetLife I joint venture to a close. Over this time, we have been pleased with the progress made in increasing our ownership interest to 50% in 16 of the original 26 condo-quality communities that are located in our core markets. And we are excited about the continued expansion of our relationship with the stable long-term partner in MetLife. I'd like to acknowledge Warren and Harry for their hard work that created a mutually beneficial outcome for both UDR and Met. Tom will provide further details on our investment to date, including our current estimated IRR. Fifth, we are making progress on our planned dispositions for the year, and while it is early to provide details, pricing has come in favorably versus original expectations. Tom will provide an update on our capital sources and uses in his prepared remarks. And finally, I'd like to thank all my fellow associates for their hard work in producing another strong quarter for UDR. We look forward to the remainder of 2014. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Herzog: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include: First, our first quarter 2014 results; second, a balance sheet and debt maturity update; third, a development update; fourth, an overview of first quarter and post-quarter transaction; fifth, our second quarter and full year 2014 guidance; and last, I'll provide clarification on UDR's guidance relative to future equity issuances. First, our first quarter results. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.36, $0.36, and $0.33, respectively. Each of these earnings metrics were at or above the high end of our guidance range provided in February. Moving on to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our financial leverage on an undepreciated cost basis were 39.9%. On a fair value basis, it was 32.0%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 7.2x, but is forecast to trend to the mid-6s by year-end. We will continue to manage our balance sheet to BBB+ credit metric. Our balance sheet remains strong, with approximately $630 million of cash and credit facility capacity at quarter end. In the first quarter, $184 million of 5.1% debt matured was temporarily pointed on our revolver. On April 1, we paid off an additional $129 million of 5.5% debt. We intend to refinance these obligations in the unsecured market later this quarter. The only remaining debt maturing in 2014 is $34 million of secured debt that comes due in December. Turning to development. During the first quarter, we completed 3 projects containing 891 homes for $295 million at a weighted average spread between expected trended yield incurred market cap rate of approximately 220 basis points. Of these completions, Channel Mission Bay in San Francisco is expected to yield well above the upper end of our targeted 150 to 200-basis-point trended range. Domain College Park, which is across the street from the University of Maryland Business School and Los Alisos, which is located in Mission Viejo, California, are expected to come in 20- to 25-basis-points below our targeted range. But will still be well accretive to earnings than NAV both with solid double-digit IRRs projected at the point of stabilization. Of our remaining $671 million pipeline of projects still under construction, $183 million of which is expected to be completed in the second half of 2014, we've continued to trend near the midpoint of our targeted range. In total, our $1.1 billion development pipeline is 65% funded. As to future development projects, we continue to carefully underwrite opportunities, and look for new land sites. In the first quarter, we closed on the previously announced $78 million Pacific City land parcel, a 516-home project located in Huntington Beach, California, and 3 blocks from Huntington Beach Pier. We're currently completing the design process and expect to break ground in early 2015. Looking ahead, we also expect to announce 2 to 3 new starts in the second half of 2014 and will range from $100 million to $150 million in total. Next, our first quarter and post-quarter transaction. In January, we sold for approximately $49 million Presidio at Rancho del Oro, a 27-year-old 264-home community located in North County, San Diego. The community's fourth quarter 2013 average revenue per occupied home was $1,485 per month, and the sale was transacted at a 5.4% cap rate. As Tom mentioned, we have several assets for sale currently in the market and are on track in moving forward with the planned disposition set forth in our guidance. Pricing on such transactions looks to be a bit more favorable than our original expectations. In addition, during Q1, we sold our minority interest in 2 small UDR/MetLife I JV operating community to MetLife, and received cash proceeds of approximately $3 million. The 2 communities had a combined market value of approximately $85 million with an average cap rate of 3.8%. First quarter revenue per occupied home for the 118 homes in these assets averaged $4,817 per month. Subsequent to quarter end, we increased our ownership interest from 12% to 50% in the remaining 6 operating assets in the UDR/MetLife I JV for a payment to MetLife of $82 million and contributed to assets to the UDR/MetLife II JV. These 6 assets had an aggregate market value of approximately $505 million with an average cap rate of around 4.8%. The 6 assets comprise 1,523 homes with first quarter average revenue per occupied home of $2,563 per month, are all recently constructed communities located in Los Angeles, San Diego, Dallas, Washington, D.C., Baltimore, and Boston. Let me now take a step back and provide some context from life-to-date activity of the UDR/MetLife I JV since its formation in November 2010. When we entered into the venture it comprised 26 recently constructed high-quality operating assets with 5,748 homes, and 11 potential development sites with UDR acting as the property manager. UDR owned approximately a 12% interest in the operating assets, and a 4% interest on the land parcel. Since then, we have engaged with MetLife in 4 ownership swap transactions, as well as other activities wherein we increased our ownership interest from 13% to 15 -- 50% in 16 of the original 26 operating assets, encompassing 3,932 homes and contributed them to the UDR/MetLife II JV. We sold the minority interest in the remaining 10 operating properties to MetLife. The JV is sold or swapped 4 of the original 11 land parcels, including the sale of one parcel through a third-party. We recapitalized certain operating communities as debt matured, and the JV made distributions of available net cash generated for the joint venture partners. Let me show to you some key takeaways how we currently view the economics of the deal. We estimate that UDR's current 50% share of the assets and UDR/MetLife II JV, excluding Columbus Square, is valued at approximately $460 million versus cumulative investments over the 3-year period of around $340 million. The annual IRR computed for all cash flows, along with the fair value of the real estate holdings at April 2014, is over 18%. As a reminder, UDR/MetLife JV I still holds 7 land parcels for which we own 4% interest for a total investment of $6.6 million. These assets provide us the opportunity to participate with Met and the development of well-located land for a total basis of approximately $180 million. We're in various stages of the evaluation and entitlement process on these land parcels, and we'll provide updates as those plans are finalized. We are very pleased with the value that has been created to date with these ventures and with our strategic relationship with MetLife. This relationship will allow us to continue to jointly own an outstanding portfolio of high-quality assets in our core markets, and develop the remaining land parcels over time while earning management and development fees. We've continue to look forward to additional value creation opportunities with MetLife going forward. On to 2014 guidance. First quarter earning metrics and same-store results came in at or above the upper end of our original guidance expectations and the momentum was good. But given how early it is in the year, we are maintaining our full year 2014 FFO and AFFOs adjusted per share guidance of $1.47 to $1.53, and AFFO guidance of $1.30 to $1.36 per share. In addition, we are maintaining our full year 2014 same-store guidance with expected revenue growth of 3.5% to 4.25%, same-store expense growth of 2.75% to 3.25%, and same-store NOI growth of 3.75% to 5.0%. We will revisit both our earnings and same-store guidance ranges during the second quarter call. Other primary full year guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15 or Page 25 of our supplement. In this page, you will note, we reduced our 2014 acquisition guidance by $100 million at the midpoint, raised our 2014 disposition guidance by $100 million at the midpoint, and reduced our acquisition disposition cap rate spread by 50 basis points at the midpoint based on current pricing and the potential basket of assets to be sold. Second quarter 2014 FFO, and FFOs adjusted per share guidance is $0.36 to $0.38, and AFFO per share guidance is $0.31 to $0.33. Also, during the quarter, we declared a quarterly common dividend of $0.26 or $1.04 per share when annualized, an 11% increase over 2013. This represents the yield of approximately 4% and 166 uninterrupted quarterly -- quarter ended dividend. One final item I would like to address. The topic of UDR potential issuing new equity seems to receive a lot of attention during the last couple of months. In a public presentation at the Citi Conference, we made a point to clarify that our commitment to not issue an equity as a discount to NAV does not imply that we will issue equity immediately upon trading at NAV. We have a $1.4 billion portfolio of capital warehouse and non-core communities that we plan to sell over time for strategic reasons. And the proceeds from such sales are capable of fully funding our development plan for the next few years. Accordingly, we do not currently need new equity capital. However, when our stock again, trades at a premium to NAV, we will, of course, consider accretive opportunities as they arise. The equity issuances set forth in our 3-year strategic plan provide a placeholder for such opportunity. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon. In my remarks, I'll cover the following topics: First, our first quarter operating results; second, the performance of our core markets during the quarter; and last, a brief update on our development lease-ups. We're pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the first quarter, same-store net operating income grew 5.6%, driven by a 4.5% year-over-year increase in revenue against a 2.2% increase in expenses. As a reminder, fourth quarter of 2013 revenue and NOI growth was similar at 4.5% and 5.4%, respectively. We are encouraged by our continued ability to keep expense growth in check, especially given the difficult winter, we experienced, in the Eastern portion of the U.S. All in, first quarter winter-related expenses were approximately $530,000 above initial expectations. Offsetting this were lower repairs and maintenance and personnel expenditures, as we continue to gain efficiencies through our investments in technology and process improvement, as well as slightly lower property taxes as a result of a few prior year refunds. Our same-store revenue per occupied home increased, by 4% year-over-year to $1,520 per month, while same-store occupancy of 96.2% was 45 basis points higher year-over-year. Our total portfolio revenue per occupied home at quarter end was $1,687 per month, including pro rata JV. Turning to new and renewal lease rate growth. First quarter effective rental rates on new leases increased by 1%. Renewal rate growth remained strong at 5.1%. San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, and Austin performed especially well, while the Mid-Atlantic region continue to struggle. Further details can be found on Attachment 8E or Page 18 of our supplement. Annualized turnover in the first quarter decreased by 120 basis points year-over-year. As was the case in 2013, this decrease was attributable to our ongoing focus on lease expiration management and the lengthening of our average new lease term. We continue to move lease expirations from the first and fourth quarters into the higher demand second and third quarters where we can realize better rate growth. Our average new lease term reached 11.9 months in the first quarter of 2014 versus 11.6 months in 2012 and 2013. The lengthened term helps us in the following ways: First, in geographies where new supply is pressuring fundamentals, like Washington, D.C., we are better able to maintain occupancy in the market, in general; second, our churn costs and vacancy loss improve as fewer apartments turnover annually; and finally, longer tenures Drive higher occupancy, which allows us to proactively be more aggressive on rates and fee increases. This focus on intensive lease management should continue to benefit our current and future year results. Next, rent, as a percentage of our residents' income, held steady at roughly 18%. Move-outs to home purchase were up 230 basis points year-over-year at 14.1%, but still below our long-term average of 14.5%. Moving on to the quarterly performance in our primary core markets. Orange County and Los Angeles, which combined represents 16% of our total NOI, continue to improve and are expected to perform well in 2014. Our 467-home recently developed Bella Terra community in Huntington Beach continues to be a rocket ship, and is currently 97% leased with rents 10% above up pro forma estimates. Pricing power in New York City, which represents 13% of our total NOI, improved meaningfully as the quarter -- first quarter progressed, and we continued to feel good about the city's prospects during the upcoming prime leasing season. New supply in Metro D.C., which represents 13% of our total NOI, continues to hamper fundamentals, but our diverse mix of A and B products, as well as less direct submarket exposure to new supply will help us fare better than many of our peers in 2014. We are still expecting positive full year revenue growth of approximately 1%. San Francisco, which represents 10% of our total NOI, remains very strong, with employment growth continuing to be driven by high paying professional job. Demand is robust throughout the city, Peninsula, and Silicon Valley. In North San Jose, we are experiencing some pricing pressure due to new supply. Our 315-home Channel Development in Mission Bay is 70% leased, just 4 months after opening its doors and at higher rates than initially expected. Like Bella Terra, Channel is a home run. Seattle, which represents 7% of our total NOI, remains a very good market for us. Supply is coming, the jobs are as well. Seattle has added over 40,000 jobs since March of last year, enough to absorb new product thus far. Lastly, Boston, which represents 5% of our total NOI, is emerging from its typical seasonally slower period of the year. The winter was brutal, but we are seeing a seasonal pickup in leasing. Turning to our new -- our development lease-ups. Channel at Mission Bay in San Francisco and 13th and Market in San Diego comprised $218 million in aggregate estimated cost. Weighted average effective rents are nearly 11% above plan and leasing velocity of 13% ahead of expectations. These lease-ups continue to perform well. Los Alisos in Mission Viejo, Domain College Park across the street from University of Maryland Business School; and Fiori at our Vitruvian Park JV in Addison, Texas comprised $199 million in aggregate estimated cost. Weighted average effective rents are 1% below plan, while leasing velocity is 17% below where we would have expected at this point, primarily due to Fiori -- as the prime, excuse me, leasing season gets into full swing, we expect the demand of these projects, especially Domain College Park, and Los Alisos will pick up. We are seeing strong leasing activity at all of our lease-ups in April. In fact, each one of these properties is achieving at least one lease per day thus far. All in, we remain very positive on how the lease-ups are progressing in aggregate. With that, I will open the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Jana Galan with Bank of America.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was wondering if you can give some color around the changes to transaction activities for 2014? Was that largely led to what you would accomplish in the first quarter? Or just are you seeing less potential acquisitions out there?
Thomas M. Herzog: It's Tom Herzog. As far as the transaction activity, we reduced the acquisition number down by $100 million at the midpoint. We increased the disposition guidance by $100 million at the midpoint. Equity, we just clarified that, that drove to $150 million and the cap rate spread, we just tightened up by 50 basis points. As it pertains to the reason for the changes, the acquisitions, we've got the Pacific City that was purchased in January, we're using that as one of the reversed 1031s, reduced in [ph] April acquisitions. Dispositions we raised, that created a couple hundred million of extra cash flow. We've got the joint venture contribution that we described that comes in as a net $79 million and then we have Steele Creek that comes in at about $60 million that we expect to fund during the year, leaves a little bit of extra cash flow in the mix. So those are the moving pieces that we have.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And you mentioned the $1.4 billion of non-core in potential dispositions, just given the strong demand for apartment assets, would you potentially increase that disposition number further?
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, I mean, as far as the dispositions at the range that we've set, there really isn't going to be reason likely to increase the disposition number. We do have, of course, the capacity to do that if we needed to. But we're not expecting at this time that will be modified.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You mentioned that the pricing for the planned dispositions has been better-than-expected. Have you seen any increase in condo conversions in your markets?
Harry G. Alcock: Nick, it's Harry Alcock. First of all, none of our assets that are in the market are going to be sold to condo converters. But in terms of the question itself, we're starting see a little bit of condo activity on existing operating assets creep into a couple of markets, New York was first, we're starting to see a little bit of it in San Francisco, and we're seeing more of it in those 2 markets on land sites where the -- many of the buyers are going to develop for a condo use.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And in terms of guidance, what are you assuming on the price in for that unsecured bought issuance this quarter?
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, we've -- it's to look at what current pricing is, Nick, this is Tom Herzog again, on the 10-year, we would assume it's somewhere roughly into the vicinity of 4%. If we went with the 7-year, it's more in the vicinity of 3.5%. We've got our guidance number in a little bit lower than that. So we've got a little bit of upside if we get to [indiscernible] between now and [indiscernible].
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And finally, what's the timing of the potential development start to MetLife I JV?
Harry G. Alcock: Nick, it's Harry Alcock. The first couple of sites could start as early as later this year. We've got another 2 to 3 sites that could start in 2015, and then the remaining 2 or 3 would potentially be further out.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Derek Bower with ISI Group.
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Given the MetLife funds carry higher leverage, can you speak to what your pro rata leverage metrics look like, pro forma the transaction? And how do you expect leverage, including the JVs to trend relative to your guidance in the 3-year plan?
Thomas M. Herzog: As far as leverage on the MetLife joint venture or just leverage in general, as, I think, you're aware, we see our net-debt-to-EBITDA is the one I'll focus on, taking down during the year, probably on a consolidated basis and in the year somewhere around 6.5, and then further taking down during the period of our 3-year plan down to about 5.7. As to -- with the inclusion of JVs, we would see that number coming in at somewhere in the mid-6s by the end of the year. The impact of the MetLife swap was quite negligible to the look through, if you will, net-debt-to-EBITDA number somewhere around 0.4x. The transaction itself on the 6 assets came in at I think 56% leverage on that particular component bumped up against our actual leverage in the company and when you do the math on all that, it really does not make that big of an impact.
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. You've talked in the past about your desire to increase your ownership stake in the MetLife funds, so now you've done that into Fund II. Can you speak to your desire intent to further increase your stake or own the remaining assets outright?
Thomas W. Toomey: This is Toomey. Our intent in a short-term with Met is to continue to expand the relationship on a 50-50 basis with the development pipeline. And beyond that, we're comfortable right now at a 50-50 relationship on the operating assets, and we'll continue to always have dialogue with Met on a range of topics. And so we're comfortable where we're headed.
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then just lastly, Jerry, how much more work is left to rightsize lease exposure schedule? And are you having these concessions to do so? And how should we think about the impact of these efforts on 2015 growth?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. Yes, we're continually moving lease expirations to get into the higher traffic months, which is -- which occur in the second and third quarter. A lot of the work has been done. So I think the impact in 2015, it'll be a little more of a normalized year as far as occupancy affected by these lease expirations changing, as well as new lease rate growth. Really not using concessions to achieve this, actually concessions, when you look at first quarter of '14 versus first quarter of '13, are down 29%. So haven't had to use that, it was really more through lease expirations. One thing we have seen is our resident base is selecting, on their own, to go a little bit more with longer term leases. We've offered up in some of our markets, such as DC and some of the Texas markets up to 14-month lease terms, and we found people opting more for these. This has expanded our average lease term from 11.6 months to 11.9, which has helped to drive down turnover. One thing it has done is when you look at new lease rate growth in first quarter, we are at 1% so far in April, we're at 2.5%. Short-term leases tend to have a bit of a higher premium, so they will help new lease rate growth. So we've seen a little bit of an impact on that. But even though people are selecting those longer term leases, we're finding people that need to move for jobs or select to move for home purchase, they will pay a lease break fee, and we've seen our fee income actually go up 7%. So while we are not overly happy with our new lease rate growth of 1%, which is about 120 basis points lower than it was in the first quarter of last year, we understand why it's happening, we think it has helped us push occupancy up to that 96.2% in the quarter, I would tell you today, our occupancy is at 96.8%. So we're running very high occupancy, probably given up a little bit of new lease rate growth, but it's really more resident selection.
Thomas W. Toomey: Just before we move on to the next question, I want to clarify one thing. Your question on the net-debt-to-EBITDA with the JV pro-rata debt, I think I said 6.6% at the end of the year, I meant to say at the end of the 3-year strategy period. At the end of the year, it'd be more like 7.4x. So 6.6x at the end of '16, 7.4x at the end of '14.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just some quick questions here. One, on the increase in the disposition guidance, how does this compare to the dividend? Does this mean more pressure on paying out the dividend or there is sufficient weather coverage or ability to shelter the gains?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes. No, Alex, this is Tom Herzog. The dispositions had nothing to do with gain capacity or ability to cover the dividend. Yet literally, it's just -- it was cash flow decisions that we made. So nothing to do with the dividend.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Right, right, to the point that by increasing dispositions, you're not changing the trajectory of what you think the dividend growth is going to be like?
Thomas M. Herzog: No.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, okay. And then, Tom, just you made your comments on equity issuance downplaying that. I mean, there's still some in the guidance, but it sounds like from your comments, it's not going to happen. So over the next 3 years, as we think about the development program, is it just -- should we just factor in sort of like amount of dispositions, so as we're modeling it out as the development's deliver, we sort of have an offsetting amount of dispositions, is that the way we should think about it out or is there, I guess, a different way?
Thomas M. Herzog: No, that's a good question. How we think about the dispositions is that the development program will be funded with these dispositions. And so as far as looking beyond that, I don't think there's a lot more to say. As far as equity issuance is in the plan, those are more of a placeholder. I kind of look at it this way. The cost of issuing equity is probably, call it, what, 4.85% on a yield basis and the cost of dispositions may be call it 6% and the cap rate are 5.5%, I think, is probably the vicinity of what we have in our -- built into our numbers. So there's not going to be much impact on the FFO as a result of -- if there's movement between those 2 numbers. So if there's fewer equity issuances, that's offset by disposition. So I just put that way. Those 2 numbers are relatively [indiscernible].
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, while we have to wait for updated guidance on the second quarter, would you -- should we just assume that there'd be increased disposition guidance? Is that more towards the back part of the year like fourth quarter? Or we should be expecting some pretty big trades in the upcoming few weeks, months?
Harry G. Alcock: Alex, this is Harry. We closed one deal in January. I think the next 2, 3 deals could close in the second quarter and the balance will be the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a question for Jerry on same-store revenue growth. You didn't see any deceleration really from fourth quarter to first quarter. How much deceleration are you expecting here in the back half of the year? I know you have more difficult to occupancy comps, but it sounds like you're running pretty far ahead. Should we -- is your expectation that we should see same-store revenue growth trend down from 1Q levels for the balance of the year?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, Karin, I definitely think it will trend down from the level we had in the first quarter. But we're just now entering our prime leasing season. So far, things have been going well. Our traffic and applications have held up a little bit better than last year. Turnover, as we've disclosed in the supplement, is down 120 basis points. And I can tell you, as through the month of April, it's down -- April versus April of last year another 130 basis points. Occupancy levels today are very high at 96.8% on the same-store pool. But we do have more difficult comps and I think you will see a deceleration. If I had to -- again, we're not updating guidance at this point, but if I had to handicap it right now, I'd say we'd be above the midpoint rather than below the midpoint of our full year guidance. Then we just like to see how the next 2 to 3 months play out before we update guidance.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Can you -- did you tell us where renewal notices are going out for, I guess, June and July?
Jerry A. Davis: They're averaging right about 5.5%.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful.
Jerry A. Davis: And I can tell you in the month of April, we achieved 5.7%.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And then just last question is on -- do you have an estimate of if there'd be a change to the same-store growth if you backed out any kitchen and bath activity, this quarter?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, I mean, if we look at -- let me actually take a moment on that because here's how we think about it. So first of all, we don't have any camp Bs that are in place at the current date, but we do have revenue enhancing spend. And, I think, when you think about revenue enhancing spend, you need to look at it based on probably 3 pieces of data. The first one is the amount of capital spent, which I think as you know, we've disclosed in our 3-year strategic plan. The second is expected return that you get in the first year and in subsequent years. Third, I think, one has to consider the rollover effect of those enhancements that are dropping off from prior years. So in our case, we spent $10 million in 2013, we'll bump it a little bit in 2014. I think it's up to $11 million is the number. As I said in the past, and Jerry said, we typically underwrite to around 20% year one cash on cash return because these are relatively short life improvements often 10 years or so. And we seek to get an IRR hurdle of at least 200 basis points in excess of our WAC [ph]. The impact of $10 million of spend in the year of the spend is probably about 15 basis points on same-store. And if you took a 4 years worth, you're probably at 30 basis points. But because we've been doing this for a long time and the rollover effect occurs on I'm guessing that the same-store growth is probably closer to 0 because there's as much rolling up that's coming on. One other point that I'd make around this is the impact of redevelopments, which we would heard a lot about recently. And especially major redevelopments like a 2775 or a Rivergate and just to be clear, we do not include these in our same-store sales. And these projects are typically, call it, $70,000 to $100,000 per door, usually stripping them to the stud, so major projects and those are excluded from our same-store results all together. So if anybody has desire to want to dig deeper to how we do these calcs and how we look at it, I'm glad to take any of those questions offline.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Tom, I know you didn't update guidance, but you just inject the $79 million in the joint ventures. If you were to update guidance, what kind of lift we would we expect on the joint venture by and there just given the mark-to-market on the debt there?
Thomas M. Herzog: Mike, this is Herzog again. The impact of the swaps themselves had a very slight positive impact in 2014, it'll be a bit more positive in 2015, but not enough to be probably adjusting your numbers for. Harry, I know you looked at those 2, I think, it was quite small, I don't think we have any...
Harry G. Alcock: It'd be in the fractions of pennies rather than full pennies.
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Second, question, the 3 plants starts for the back half of the year, do you hold the parcels on those already?
Harry G. Alcock: We do. 2 of those 3 are MetLife parcels and the other's a wholly owned deal in Los Angeles.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And with those, you'd buy in the 46% you don't own and go from there on the pari passu, will you fund the development cost or how would you fund that?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, that's the expectation that we would develop those on a 50-50 basis with Met.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And finally, you get the debt maturing in the Texas joint venture. Obviously, Texas has been strong performer over the last couple of years. Just can you give us an update on what you're thinking is on the Texas joint venture, whether there's a plan to marketing any of those assets or just to extend that debt maturity?
Thomas W. Toomey: Michael, this is Toomey. I think the intent in our conversations with our joint venture partner is when the debt is prepayable to expose those to the market and see what pies, we feel good about the prices of those assets at this time. And the job that Jerry and his team have done in running them. So they'll probably be able to be sold some time early next year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Question on development. Understanding you're seeking yields 150, 200 basis points of bulk market cap rates. Given that we're late in the cycle and the recent, I guess, softness that your domain, Los Alisos and Fiori. Wanted to know whether you considered raising your return requirements for new development starts?
Harry G. Alcock: Haendel, this is Harry. First of all, clearly, cost are rising, land prices are rising, but rents were also rising. So, I think, yields are generally flat. We don't intend to increase our yield requirements per se, but we will take all of those factors into account in underwriting these deals. And won't start a new deal until we hit those threshold, which is the 150 to 200 basis points. So it's true, not all deals are going to pencil today, clearly, less than what would have penciled 2 to 3 years ago.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Can you talk more specifically, you talked about -- you seemed more optimistic on domain in Los Alisos, but more muted on Fiori perhaps can you go into -- am I reading that correctly, first of all? And then maybe can you talk a bit about the Fiori asset, what you're seeing there? Is it pricing that's the issue, is it weak demand, is it supply in uptown, can you talk a bit more about that?
Jerry A. Davis: Haendel, it's Jerry. Fiori, as most of you know, is in Addison, Texas. We built a product that was comparable to what is built typically in uptown, about 10 miles north up in Addison. We priced it very similar to uptown assets and we're getting the pricing, the velocity just hasn't been there. We would attribute a large portion of that to general weakness in the uptown market today where a lot of these lines have been coming online. And that's kind of prevented us from getting the pricing we would have like to get in Fiori. We recently have cut pricing at Fiori to get leasing velocity back on track. In fact, this month, we had 40 gross leases in the month of April. Our expectation is to continue with it. One other sign of encouragement for Fiori is, Toyota announced yesterday, they're going to move their headquarters from Torrance, California to Plano, Texas and add about 4,000 to 5,000 jobs. Plano is about 5 or 6 miles north of Addison. We have about 1,200 heads up in Plano, as well as the 1,000 or so units at the Vitruvian Park that we think will really help us out there, too. But a lot of it has been softness in uptown due to new supply, some of it has been due to, we were introducing a new price point to the absent market and the leasing velocity has been just slower than we expected.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Appreciate that. We haven't talked much about it lately, it seems. But A versus B performance in your portfolio this past quarter, is there any discernible performance and any thoughts as we head into decreasing season here?
Jerry A. Davis: These are a little bit stronger, but it's not enough to really call anything on. What you typically find is in some markets, if your product is A and it's near-new supply, it's obviously, going to be competing more against lease-ups that tend to have higher concessions. But overall, Bs are less than probably 70 basis points better on pricing and, as far as occupancy, my entire portfolio was occupied at a very high level right now.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. One point of clarification you mentioned, I see that the first quarter same-store expenses in Northeast were, I guess, pretty far below expectations. You were talking earlier about some lower RNM costs and maybe some tax, realty tax benefits. Was that primarily the reason for the Northeast portfolio, the low year-over-year expense -- increase in expenses over there something else there?
Thomas M. Herzog: No, I'm glad you asked. It's really 2 things. One, we've done a good job of hedging our heating costs up in the Northeast, about 90% are hedged, so that put a collar, if you will, on some of the utility expenses. The second thing is we get hit pretty hard last year with snow removal up in Boston. And typically in Boston, you buy a contract on the number of inches of snow that can be removed. We bought this year an unlimited amount of snow removal for a fixed-rate and we locked in that rate for the next 3 years because of that. And because of the harshness of the winter and especially up in Boston. We didn't have as much of snow removal cost up there, as you would've expected.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of David Bragg with Green Street Advisors.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Could you please share some of the specifics on the new Huntington Beach development deal? It looks like a really interesting site and it'd be great to hear your expectations for the total cost, rents per square-foot, and the yield on today's rents.
Harry G. Alcock: Dave, it's Harry. I think, we acquired the site for $78 million, it's zoned for 516 units. We're still in the midst of the design process. The design will ultimately sort of determine the costs and the rents we expect, I think, we're probably a little bit early to start talking about those. We expect to start the project probably in some time early next year, and we'll talk about it more once we completed our work.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right, We'll circle back then. How about on 399 Fremont now that, that one has started. How is that one looking in terms of rents per square-foot and yield on today's rents?
Harry G. Alcock: David, it's Harry again. Yes, we're well underway on that one. The costs numbers are published. We expect to spend approximately $318 million development as -- is going fine thus far. We expect that one to finish in late '15, early '16. Rents today should be somewhere in the neighborhood of $5.25 per foot and we'll trend up from there. We expect to stabilize yield on that one somewhere in the low-6s.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Tom Toomey. Please go ahead, sir.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you, operator, and thank all of you for your time today. The closing remarks, I guess, I would say this. We're very excited about the position that we're in. With the leasing season upon us, the teams are pretty focused. And certainly, seen the traffic and the operational platform is running on all cylinders. So we're excited about that. I thought we had a very good quarter all the way down the line on all metrics and clearly, are performing at our 3-year plan or ahead of our 3-year plan and I would expect us to continue that trend for the balance of the year, and we look forward to seeing you guys in NAV [ph]. With that, operator, we'll end the call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the UDR's First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. This conference will be available for replay after 3:00 today through May 29 at midnight. You may access the replay system by dialing 1 (800) 406-7325 and enter access code of 4676019 and followed by the pound sign. Thanks, everyone, for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Van Ens - Vice President of Investor Relations Thomas W. Toomey - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Thomas M. Herzog - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jerry A. Davis - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President of Property Operations Harry G. Alcock - Senior Vice President of Asset Management
Analysts: Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Ryan H. Bennett - Zelman & Associates, LLC Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paula J. Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to UDR's Fourth Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Tuesday, February 4, 2014. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Van Ens, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Christopher G. Van Ens: Welcome to UDR's Fourth Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Our fourth quarter press release, supplemental disclosure package and updated Three-Year Strategy overview document were distributed earlier today and posted to the Investor Relations section of our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in accordance with Reg G requirements. Prior to reading our Safe Harbor disclosure, I would like to direct you to the webcast of this call located in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.udr.com. The webcast includes a slide presentation that will accompany our Three-Year Strategic outlook commentary. On to our Safe Harbor. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. [Operator Instructions] Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to UDR's Fourth Quarter Conference Call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. My comments will be brief. First, all aspects of our business continued to perform well in the fourth quarter, which concluded in outstanding 2013. Apartment fundamentals in the majority of our markets remained favorable and we have strong momentum going into 2014, as is reflected in our guidance, which is above Street estimates. Second, we met or exceeded all first year objectives as presented in our initial Three-Year Plan that was introduced last February. Following Tom's and Jerry's remarks, we will update you on a new Three-Year Plan, which covers the period from 2014 through 2016. Finally, I'd like to thank all my fellow associates for their hard work in producing a great year for UDR. We look forward to 2014. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Herzog: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include: first, our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results; second, a balance sheet and debt maturity update; third, a development and redevelopment update; fourth, an overview of fourth quarter and post year-end transaction; and last, a first quarter and full year 2014 guidance. I'll begin with our fourth quarter results. FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share were $0.36, $0.35 and $0.30, respectively. Full year 2013 FFO per share was $1.44, inclusive of $0.05 of Hurricane Sandy insurance recovery. Our 2013 FFO as adjusted per share was $1.39, inclusive of $0.01 of Hurricane Sandy business interruption recoveries relative to lost rental revenues in 2013. And full year AFFO per share was $1.23. Moving onto the balance sheet. At year end, our financial leverage on an undepreciated cost basis was 39%; on a fair value basis, it was 32%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 7.0x, consistent with our expectation at the beginning of 2013. Moving ahead, we will continue to manage to BBB+ credit metric while gradually deleveraging our balance sheet through nondilutive actions. From a liquidity perspective, our balance sheet remains in good shape with $930 million of available funds at the end of the fourth quarter, consisting of cash and credit facility capacity. Including extensions, we have $312 million of maturing debt in 2014 at a weighted average interest rate of 5.3%. 140 -- $184 million of this was paid off by the revolver on January 15. We intend to refinance these obligations in the unsecured markets during the second quarter of 2014. Turning to development. Before I provide an update, I would like to remind everyone how we define our pipeline. Our development pipeline includes all projects that are pro-rata ownership share outlined on Attachment 9 or Page 21 of our quarterly supplement. This equates to a $1.2 billion pipeline at year end, 64% of which has been funded. We completed 3 projects at $275 million of development during the fourth quarter at a weighted average spread between expected trended yield and current market cap rates of approximately 185 basis points. Of these completions, Bella Terra in Huntington Beach and 13th and Market in San Diego are estimated to perform at or above the upper end of our targeted 150 to 200 basis point trended range. Fiori, a Vitruvian Park community in Addison, Texas is coming in below our targeted range, though will still be accretive to earnings and NAV. Our remaining pipeline, $300 million of which is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2014, is trending as a whole within our targeted range. During the quarter, we announced 2 new projects, both in core markets. The first, 399 Fremont, a $318 million development in San Francisco, broke ground in mid-January. 399 Fremont is a 51-49 development partnership with MetLife. UDR's share of the project equates to $162 million. The second is Steele Creek, a $108 million development in Denver, which broke ground in the fourth quarter. Steele Creek is being constructed under a participating debt structure, which is a new structure for UDR, but the economics are advantageous. There's a substantial equity piece in front of our participating loan, we are paid 6.5% current and we'll receive 50% of the upside upon subsequent purchase of the asset by UDR or sale to a third party. As to future development projects, we are carefully underwriting opportunities. In addition to our land bank outlined on Attachment 11 or Page 23, we recently acquired for $78 million the land for the development of Pacific City, a fully entitled 516-home community located in Huntington Beach, California. The site has immediate access to the Pacific Coast Highway and is only 3 blocks from the Huntington Beach pier. Looking ahead, we expect to announce a couple of new starts in the second half of 2014. On to redevelopment. We increased the scope and budget of our Rivergate redevelopment in Manhattan. The revised budget is $98 million and includes limited scope renovations on additional units, the addition of 33 homes as some large floor plans are split into 2 homes, upgraded corridors as well as other revenue-generating opportunities. At 27 Seventy Five Mesa Verde in Orange County, we are choosing to table for the foreseeable future the redevelopment of 216 homes that were in the original scope of the project given current demand trends in that particular submarket. Next, we sold $132 million in noncore assets in the fourth quarter. We exited the Sacramento market and disposed of a noncore asset in the Boston metro area. The average age of the Sacramento assets was 31 years and the 3 communities were sold at a weighted average cap rate of approximately 6%. In addition to the sale, we consolidated our 13th and Market and Domain College Park joint venture development as we assumed the role of managing partner in both ventures during the quarter. Following year end, we closed on the sale of Presidio for approximately $49 million, a noncore community located in North County, San Diego. The 27-year-old property had an average revenue per occupied home of $1,485 in the fourth quarter and was sold at a 5.4% cap rate. On to 2014 guidance. Our 2014 FFO and FFO as adjusted guidance per share are $1.47 to $1.53. Our 2014 AFFO guidance is $1.30 to $1.36 per share, an 8% increase at the midpoint over 2013 and includes $1,100 of maintenance CapEx per stabilized home. There are a number of moving parts, but the primary drivers of our expected AFFO growth from 2013 to 2014 of $1.23 to $1.33 at the midpoint includes mature and nonmature NOI growth of $0.08; development and redevelopment earn-in, net of funding costs of $0.03; and a reduction in development and redevelopment [indiscernible] of $0.01. These benefits are offset by $0.01 in dilution from expected recycling of noncore assets via 1031 transactions and $0.01 from higher CapEx. In 2014, we anticipate same-store revenue growth of 3.5% to 4.25%, same-store expense growth of 2.75% to 3.25% and same-store NOI growth of 3.75% to 5.0%. Other primary assumptions can be found on Attachment 15 or Page 27 of our supplement. First quarter 2014 FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance are $0.34 to $0.36, $0.33 to $0.35 and $0.30 to $0.32, respectively. Finally, we are increasing our 2014 declared dividend by 11% year-over-year to an annualized $1.04 per share from $0.94 per share in 2013. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks, I'll cover the following topics: first, fourth quarter and full year 2013 operating results; second, the performance of our core markets during the fourth quarter; third, a brief update on our development lease-ups; and lastly, market performance expectations for 2014. We're pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the fourth quarter, same-store net operating income grew 5.4%, driven by a 4.5% year-over-year increase in revenue against a 2.4% increase in expenses. Our same-store revenue per occupied home increased by 4.2% year-over-year to $1,509 per month. Our same-store occupancy is 96.2%, was 30 basis points higher year-over-year. For the full year 2013, same-store revenue grew to 4.9%, expenses increased 2.6% and NOI grew by 6%, all exceeding our original forecast at the midpoint from last February. Turning to new and renewal lease rates. Fourth quarter effective rental rates on new leases increased by 1.3%. Renewal rate growth remained strong at 5.2%. San Francisco, Seattle and Portland performed well, while the Mid-Atlantic region struggled. Further details can be found on Attachment 8(G) or Page 20 of our supplement. Annualized turnover in the fourth quarter decreased by 220 basis points year-over-year and was 80 basis points lower on a full year basis. Lower turnover for the fourth quarter was the result of our efforts in 2012 to move lease expirations out of the fourth quarter and into the second and third quarters. This was done because new lease rate growth is typically more than 200 basis points higher in those quarters than in the fourth quarter. Rent, as a percentage of our residents' income, held steady at roughly 17%. Move-outs to home purchase were up 50 basis points year-over-year at 13.9% in the fourth quarter. Next, we'll talk about quarterly performance in our primary core markets. New supply in metro D.C. continues to be an issue with significant deliveries expected in 2014. While we are not immune to the negative effects of new supply, we continue to believe our diverse mix of A and B product, as well as less direct submarket exposure to new supply, will help us fare better than many of our peers in 2014. New York City experienced some pricing pressure in late 4Q 2013 through mid-January of 2014 as we anniversaried off of Hurricane Sandy. With many units out of service throughout Lower Manhattan and Zone A during late 2012 and early 2013, pricing was abnormally strong in unaffected properties on the island. In the fourth quarter of 2013, all of these apartments that were off-line last year were fully recovered. So 12-month leases commanded less pricing power throughout the city. We have cycled through this issue and expect to see normalized demand over the remainder of 2014. Orange County and Los Angeles employment growth is improving, and with limited new supply, both markets are expected to perform well in 2014. We achieved 90% stabilized occupancy at our 467-home Bella Terra development in Huntington Beach in December and we're currently 96% leased. This is just 7 months after accepting our first unit, which means we averaged 60 move-ins per month and have yet to offer a concession. San Francisco remains very strong with expected 2014 job growth of more than 3%, primarily consisting of higher-paying professional jobs. We're seeing good demand throughout the city, the Peninsula and Silicon Valley with some moderate pricing pressure in North San Jose where new supply is more prominent. Channel, our new development in Mission Bay, is 43% leased just one month after opening its doors at higher rates than initially expected. New supply is coming to downtown Seattle. The job growth is expected to absorb it. Our A and B properties in metro Seattle continue to perform well. Boston was one of our better markets in 2013. Currently, it is at an unseasonally slower period of the year and it has been negatively affected by abnormally poor weather over the past 45 days. Lastly, Dallas is generating a significant number of jobs right now, but is also facing heavy new supply. We are feeling some effects from supply in Uptown and Plano, but believe Dallas will be an above average market for us in 2014. Turning to development. During the quarter, we completed 725 homes and spent approximately $76 million. As of the end of 2013, we had spent $800 million on our $1.2 billion development pipeline. Bella Terra in Huntington Beach, Channel at Mission Bay in San Francisco and 13th and Market in San Diego comprised $371 million in aggregate estimated cost. Weighted average effective rents are currently 10% above plan and leasing velocity is 16%, ahead of expectations. Each of these lease-ups continues to go well. Los Alisos in Mission Viejo, Domain College Park across the street from the University of Maryland Business School and Fiori at our Vitruvian Park JV in Addison, Texas comprised $201 million in aggregate estimated cost. Weighted average effective rents are 3% below plan, while leasing velocity is 19% below where we would have expected at this point. As the spring leasing season arrives, we expect these -- that leasing at these projects will pick up. Still, all in, we're comfortable with how the lease-ups are progressing in aggregate. Finally, I have a couple of comments regarding market revenue growth expectations in 2014. We expect San Francisco and Seattle to be among our best-performing markets. Southern California, Texas and the Northeast are expected to grow in excess of the 4.25% top end of our portfolio same-store guidance. These markets comprise over 50% of our total NOI. The Mid-Atlantic region is expected to be our weakest region once again. Page 13 of our updated Three-Year Strategic outlook has additional information on our market growth expectations. With that, I will remind those listening that there is a link to our updated Three-Year Strategic document on the Investor Relations page of our website. We'll pause for a moment so that everyone can gather the Three-Year Plan materials. I will now turn the call back over to Tom Toomey to present our updated Three-Year Plan.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thanks, Jerry. Let's move on to our 2014 to 2016 Strategic Plan. Last February, we communicated that the heavy lifting of our portfolio and balance sheet repositioning was largely completed. At that time, we rolled out our 2013 to 2015 strategic plan. As we measure our actual 2013 results against the plan, I'm pleased to tell you that we met or exceeded each of our 2013 goals. We view our updated plan merely as an extension of last year's plan, given that strategic priorities are unchanged. We have 4 primary strategic priorities, which you will find on Page 3. These are: one, investing our shareholders' capital in accretive growth opportunities that improve our portfolio; second, continuing to generate best-in-class operating results; third, drive cash flow, dividend and NAV growth; and fourth, continuing to strengthen our balance sheet. We believe successful execution of these priorities will optimize total shareholder return for our investors over time. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom to discuss the details of the plan.
Thomas M. Herzog: Thanks, Tom. Please turn to Page 4 of the strategic outlook presentation. As Tom mentioned, we met or exceeded all 2013 primary objectives in our original plan. First, we completed approximately $400 million of accretive development in 2013 and expect that our remaining pipeline will continue to create value. Second, we ended 2013 ahead of all original annual guidance expectations for same-store and cash flow growth. In addition, during 2013, we raised our dividend by 7% and we'll raise it an additional 11% in 2014. Third, all of our primary year-end balance sheet metrics were in line with our expectations set forth at the outset of 2013. We continue to manage the BBB+, Baa1 metrics. Please turn to Page 5. Development remains accretive and will continue to be a primary mean to which we improve our portfolio and grow our company. Our primarily coastal and urban pipeline of $1.2 billion will be completed over the next 3 years, yet sized less than 10% of our enterprise value and at 64% funded. The remaining spend of $440 million will come from either equity issuance or sale of assets. We continue to target annual spend in the range of $400 million to $600 million per year and a trended spread versus cap rates of 150 to 200 basis points. Recently, we have tightened our underwriting standards to reflect rising costs and less robust forward rent growth assumptions. Fewer deals will pencil in today's environment, but we are still finding accretive opportunities. Please turn to Page 6. On this page, we provide Seattle pipeline statistics. Our pipeline is primarily coastal and urban. Including our land with MetLife, our Seattle pipeline totals $1 billion to $1.3 billion at 100% ownership. 85% of this potential pipeline is owned in partnership with MetLife. Our current ownership share in 7 UDR/MetLife I JV land parcels is just 4%. This provides optionality at the conclusion of the entitlement processes for these parcels. When assessing the optimal size of our development pipeline, we weighed balance sheet risk, drag to our earnings stream and AFFO and NAV accretion from the successful completion of current and potential projects. Please turn to Page 7. In 2014, we anticipate our development projects will generate $0.05 of FFO per share drag and $0.025 of accretion. Upon stabilization of each project at our targeted trended spread, we expect annual FFO accretion of $0.06 per share and continued growth thereafter. Cumulative NAV accretion is estimated at $2.10 per share during the construction and lease-up phases of our development. Please turn to Page 8. Our operations remains strong as exhibited by the chart in the middle of the page. We have consistently produced better top line growth over an extended time period than the multi-family average. Though we are not sitting idle. Jerry and his team continue to improve our operations. Our focus on technology, and more recently, our emphasis on driving repair and maintenance efficiencies are 2 examples. These investments are enhancing our margins and continue to improve our residents' experience. Moving forward, we expect to generate strong operating results as evidenced by the same-store growth assumptions presented over the life of the plan in the chart at the bottom of the page. Please turn to Page 9. A primary tenet of our Three-Year Plan is to drive AFFO, NAV and CVNI growth. We anticipate 2014 and 2015 being good years. Looking at the chart -- at the top chart, AFFO per share growth is forecasted at 7% to 9% in 2014. I discussed the 2014 drivers in my earlier remarks. Growth in 2015 is expected to be similar to 2014. Our 2016 expectations are negatively affected by fewer development starts in 2013 and higher interest rate assumptions. However, our crystal ball gets hazier the further out we look. The bottom 2 charts show expected NAV per share growth and CVNI, both assuming a flat cap rate environment. Applying our next 3 years' expected growth to our 2013 NAV per share implies an NAV of approximately $36 in 2016, a 30% increase over 2013. We anticipate annual CVNI of approximately 12% through 2016. This is consistent with our long-term average historical growth. However, historical cap rate compression contributed significantly to CVNI whereas, going forward, accretive development returns are expected to help drive CVNI. Please turn to Page 10. We continue to focus on net debt-to-EBITDA, leverage and fixed charge coverage when evaluating the strength of our balance sheet and anticipate our metrics will further improve over the life of the plan. Same-store growth and development earn-in are the primary drivers of our forecasted improvement in net debt-to-EBITDA and fixed charge coverage. Please turn to Page 11. Pages 11 and 12 provide our 2014 guidance and 2015/2016 cumulative expectations. Please turn to Page 13. Our 2014 growth assumptions for our markets are presented on the map. The West Coast and Northeast are expected to grow at above -- at an above average rate in 2014, while the Mid-Atlantic is likely to continue to struggle, but is still expected to perform better than our peers due to our 50-50 mix of As and Bs in D.C. and less direct exposure to new supply. Please turn to Page 14. As Tom indicated earlier, we view this update as a continuation of our previous Strategic Plan. In the charts, the midpoints of our cumulative Three-Year expectations for the 2013 to '15 time period are relatively similar or improved when compared to our updated plan for these years to our previous plan. I'll now turn it back over to Tom for final remarks.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you, Tom. I've had the pleasure of being UDR's CEO for 13 years now. Our mission over the first decade was to reposition the portfolio and the balance sheet. The last couple of years we have spent finalizing the transition of the previous decade, as well as positioning the company for strong cash flow growth. The next decade will continue to focus on long-term cash flow growth, which is the focus of this plan. In our view, this plan remains the best avenue for creating value for our shareholders. Our team remains highly focused everyday on executing it. From time-to-time, during discussions with our investors and analysts, we were asked, what differentiates UDR from our peers? I believe there are several value-creation drivers that are applicable to the multifamily space, and currently, UDR is uniquely positioned to take advantage of each of them. First, we have the necessary skill to garner cost of capital and G&A efficiencies, but are small enough that moderately-sized transactions still move the value-creation needle. Second, we have a best-in-class operating platform. Third, we have substantially and accretive development program. Fourth, our portfolio is primarily bicoastal, but diverse enough to generate strong results in a variety of economic environments. And lastly, we have a unique relationship with a Fortune 50 company in MetLife that affords us favorable capital along with opportunities unavailable to many others. I will conclude my remarks by observing that the most vital component of successful execution of our plan is our people. I'm fortunate to have in place an experienced and dedicated team, of customer-focused associates and believe we will achieve outstanding results against each of our priorities we have set forth today. With that, I'll open up the call to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In terms of the equity issuance assumed in 2014 guidance and the Three-Year Plan, if your stock continues to trade at discount, will you forego that equity? And if so, how do you expect to replace that capital?
Thomas M. Herzog: Nick, Tom Herzog. Yes, if we're not trading at or above NAV, we will forego that equity issuance and would replace it with additional asset sales from our capital warehouse or noncore markets.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then, Jerry, can you give the new and renewal rate growth by month for January than where renewals are going out for February and March?
Jerry A. Davis: By every market?
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No, no. Total, total portfolio.
Jerry A. Davis: Oh, sure. January, new rent growth was 0.1%. The lows were once again the Mid-Atlantic where it was in the 4s, down 4%. We did have some strength in the Pacific Northwest, as well as San Francisco where it was up around 5% to 6%. Then renewals in January were signed at 4.9%. We're sending out 5% to 5.2% for the remainder of this quarter. I would add, we do expect new lease growth for the quarter to average out to about 1.3%. It does look like it's going to accelerate the following 2 months and that compares to about 2.2% in the first quarter of last year. We think renewals will average for the first quarter of this year 5% and that's down from about 5.8% last year.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then where's occupancy at the end of January?
Jerry A. Davis: At the end of January, it was about 96.1%, 96.2%. As of yesterday, after we had some month in move-outs, it was 95.9% and that's 20 basis points higher than the same time last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: The first question is on slide -- I just turned it, on Slide 7, Tom. You guys talk about $1.2 billion development pipeline that should be about $0.06 accretive. If my quick math, which is always a dangerous thing, is right, that seems to imply about a 1.3% spread. Last week, Avalon talked about a 250 basis point spread on their development program verse [ph] funding source. So can you just comment a little bit more? Is this just adding in cushion just because it's a forward projection and therefore you have no way of knowing where disposition pricing may be or equity pricing may be? Or is this just -- or is there something else going on here?
Thomas M. Herzog: No, Alex, as we look at the development program, that $0.06 is based on our current portfolio, which we'd call it, it's in the middle of the range, between the 150 to 200 basis point spread. And if you run that math, you'll see the drag that results from it. You'll see the accretion that builds in that, at the point of stabilization, it will produce that $0.06. So that is based on pretty much right down the middle at 175 basis point spread from the cap rates in those corresponding markets. That's how the math will work.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. So it's 175?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then...
Thomas M. Herzog: It's actually just -- it's slightly -- it's just slightly higher than 175. I think we're running more like just maybe 10 basis points higher than that on average across the modeling that we've done on our portfolio currently, but just call it in that range. It will be about $0.06.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. So the $0.06 is not the 175, the $0.06 more reflects the impact of timing?
Thomas M. Herzog: Timing, but probably call it 180 to 185 basis point spread.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. Next question is for Mr. Toomey. Putting on your big picture hat, if you took a read of the Essex-BRE proxy, it looks like there were only 4 companies that were sort of interested in BRE and only 1 bid. In your view, looking over the history of M&A in REIT land, is it your view that it's typical that M&A only comes down to maybe 1, maybe 2 people who actually throw in bids? Or you think it's a reflection of where pricing is today or companies' hesitancy to engage in deals because of where stock prices are?
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, Alex, I've been at it a long time even through the '94 window where we started out with 36 public companies. And there, it was a race to get larger and it was a cost of capital multiple game. I think what you have today is 10 companies that are very well run, they're very efficient, there's not a lot of upside in the companies and so that brings down how we can create value for the future investor to really cause capital advantage and that shrinks the pool of potential buyers. I think there's probably more value to be brought in the private space and that's where people are headed today and you can see it in their accumulation of portfolios. So I think these are just well-run companies, hard to see a lot of upside in it and that just shrinks the pool of buyers. That's all I observe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico with UBS.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of just quick modeling questions. One, could you give the capitalized interest estimate for 2014?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes. We've got that. I think that's something that we normally don't lay out in detail, but you can take what we had last year and then we speak to the change in cap interest from 1 year to the next. So I think you can back into it.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Sorry, what was the change in cap interest this year versus last year you said, you talked about that?
Thomas M. Herzog: It's $0.01 on the development and redevelopment projects.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, got you. And then on D.C., I was hoping to get a little bit more detail on what your same-store revenue expectation is for the market this year?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. This is Jerry. Our expectation is in 2014, we, like everyone else, will see a deceleration in D.C. due to new supply. We do continue to believe D.C. will be positive, albeit a low positive revenue growth, probably call it in the 1% to 2% range. What we think we have that some of our peers don't is locations that are less indirect path of new supply, as well as a portfolio that is a little over half of B quality rather than A and those definitely don't go head-to-head as much. We have 2 or 3 markets where new supply is coming at us, one's out in Manassas, one is the U Street Corridor and the third one is in Woodbridge. But many of our properties that are within true Washington D.C. are not in the same neighborhoods as the new supply. But I can tell you, you see it in the supplement where we show what new rents were in fourth quarter, we have seen a deceleration in what we can get on new rents, but we are continuing to see renewals go out in the 3% to 4% range and we are holding occupancy.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question on the Three-Year Plan. It looks like, based on some of the development spend projections, that you're going to start -- I guess, target to start roughly $1 billion of additional development. And what I'm wondering is going back to that $0.06 FFO benefit once stabilized on the current $1.2 billion development pipeline, I mean, is that going to be a similar type of FFO benefit if you do, in fact, start $1 billion -- a little over $1 billion of development?
Thomas M. Herzog: You've got to remember that if we take the $1.2 billion pipeline, that's completed over a period of about 3 years, 2.5 to 3 years, let's say. So we assume $400 million to $600 million of spend per year. You're correct that the $0.06 is the completion of the existing $1.2 billion development. We had starts at the end of 2013 of about $250 million. We expect a couple more projects to be announced probably the latter half of 2014, but we haven't announced a specific dollar amount of new development starts in 2014 at this date yet. But we're still underwriting to the 150 to 200 basis point trended spread over cap rates, so the kind of accretion that you would see for the types of projects that we're approving on a relative size basis would be similar.
Nicholas Yulico - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess I was just trying to figure out. I mean, if the development spending is supposed to total $1.5 billion from 2014 to 2016, you have about $450 million left on the existing pipeline. That seems to imply about $1 billion of incremental starts.
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, you guys go to our Seattle pipeline page and you'll find in...
Unknown Executive: Page 6.
Thomas M. Herzog: Page 6. Yes, Page 6. If you took the ownership effective numbers and assume that the UDR/MetLife numbers were at 50-50 by the time we [indiscernible] development, along with our 100% owned stuff, you get an ownership effective number in the $600 million to $750 million range, plus you've got Pacific City on top of that. So those -- we do have already a Seattle pipeline in place on top of what's already under development. So for the time frame that we're looking at, I think, we're in good shape for what we're speaking to of $400 million to $600 million per year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just looking at Page 8 of the slides. It looks like your '15, '16 same-store revenue growth expectations are roughly in line just a little bit below what you're expecting for '14. Can you just talk about what fundamental underpinning gives you the confidence that revenue growth will stay steady here for 3 years and what you think the biggest risk to that are?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes. Again, this is Tom and I'm going to -- Herzog and I'm going to pass it to Jerry. But Karin, a variety of different things. And the further out we go, of course, the harder it is to make these estimates. But we've looked at the AXIO data, the Moody's data, all the different pieces that you guys write and have put our own views toward that, we've got an improved job market that should more than offset the new supply estimates in our -- the vast majority of our markets over the next 2 to 3 years. In the markets that are being hit harder, like a D.C., a Seattle and a Austin, our specific locations within each of these markets has sheltered us from the rent deceleration experienced by some of our peers. We see supply flattening out in the latter half of '14 and first half of '15 due to the higher construction costs, interest rate, the less explosive rate growth. And another point that I think is worth making is just take a look at what's happened with single-family housing. If you took a home 12 months ago and then looked at the year-over-year increase in value, it's about 12%, higher in some of our markets, but 12% across all markets. And if you took mortgage rates, it's up -- they're up 120 basis points from a 3.5 base. Add that together, do the math, that's about a 30% increase in mortgage payments. That, along with social patterns that continue to favor rent-in, we're just seeing that the growth is going to continue to be favorable. So when we look at a 3.9% 2014 growth, kind of flattening out to 3.75% in '15. '16 is kind of a long ways to look out, but we're not seeing anything that looks different than that, but again it's hazier, we feel pretty good about it. But Jerry, maybe more on some specifics as to how you see it?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. Hi Karin, just a few things I would add to what Tom Herzog said. First, when we look out into '15 and '16 and what's projected for job growth, we look in our core markets and we see that job growth is projected to be 20 to 30 basis points higher in our core markets. In addition to that, we see that new supply growth is probably going to be a little below average in '15 and '16 after being above the national average in '13 and '14. Also, when we go back and look at what percentage of households are renters, in our core market, it's 42% compared to 35% as a national average. So we see those stats and it's encouraging. One other thing is, when you look at an urban platform that we've really moved towards, many of our residents don't own cars. They rely on public transportation. And one interesting tidbit I picked up a few weeks ago at the National Multi-Housing Conference was that transportation costs are the second largest cost component of these households. So when I look at a suburban household of renters that have 2 drivers, you're probably talking transportation cost when you include car payment, insurance, gas, repairs, tolls, parking, things like that, are well over $1,000 a month. Most of my residents don't have that cost. And in addition, when I look at my percentage of rent to income across all of my markets, it typically is falling out anywhere between 15% and 20% regardless of the market. So we do feel that those urban renters, if you're getting normal pay increases, let's say 2% to 3% across-the-board, will better be able to handle increases over time than our suburban peers.
Thomas M. Herzog: Tom, anything you'd add?
Thomas W. Toomey: Yes. Karin, I think it's a very good question. And when I back up and look through all the detail that Tom and Jerry go through to build this up, what you realize about our '14, '15 and '16 outlook, I'd throw this observation at it. '14 and '15 are going to look very much alike, in our view. Well then why do we have a lot of high comfort around that aspect of it, it's clearly that we have high visibility on new supply, we have a very good feel about employment picture about our individual markets. And so, we feel very good about the '14, '15 aspects of it. And as you get out to '16, it's very hard to ask our site teams to build up a projection, to understand supply, growth dynamics. And so we ended up defaulting to a lot of third-party analysis to arrive at '16. And I think that's a relatively conservative view, but one that is easily explained. And as I would take it away from your chair, I'd say, these guys feel very confident about their '14, '15 forecast and they're going to look a lot alike at this point in time. And '16 is just a wildcard that's a long time off into the future and certainly, as we get closer, we'll have a better visibility and, we hope, a more optimistic view of it.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: My second question just on guidance, question for Jerry. On Page 13, you give a lot of nice market-specific information. Are there any of your markets that you're expecting to accelerate from a same-store revenue growth perspective versus 2013?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes. I'd tell you, there's a few that could accelerate slightly. Right now, Orlando is very strong as we enter this year. I could see it holding up well. I'm hopeful, although I say this every year about Orange County and L.A., we've had modest results there the last year or so. We've had a good start in January of this year, and I think those potentially could be a little bit better. And the other one that just continues to chug, even though it's a very small market for us, is Portland.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And would Boston potentially be in that category as well, or because you had a good year in '13, maybe not?
Jerry A. Davis: No. It will not be. I'll tell you, we killed it in 2013. I want to say our total full year revenue growth was upwards of 8%, if I remember correctly. And to replicate -- it was 7.7%. To replicate this year, things would have to turn around quite a bit. It's going to be a good market, but it won't be as great as it was last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Bragg with Green Street Advisors.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow-up on Nick's earlier question, and I'm hoping that you can point us in the right direction as it relates to the equity issuance assumptions that you have in '15, '16. If it's an unfortunate circumstance that the stock is not there for you over that time period, can you just walk us through what the alternatives are, whether it's significantly more dispositions than you plan here or higher leverage?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes. Dave, thanks for that. It definitely is not higher leverage. That's not the direction we're going. We have the benefit of having a $1.2 billion capital warehouse portfolio that we're in no rush to sell, but yet, those are assets over time that we'll prune in a $300 million non-core portfolio. When I think about equity issuance, of course, we think about it on a cost of equity. But when you look at it on an annual cost, as it might apply to this plan, it's probably right around a 5% cost of -- an annual cost of funds on an AFFO yield basis. You compare that to sales and assume that we've got a fixed cap NOI cap rate, and that would include some sprinkling too, of some non-core assets in core markets. That equates to about a 5.5% cash flow cap rate, so not terribly different than what the equity would look like to the bottom line of our plan in that particular year. So it comes down to this. We've got $1.5 billion of stuff that over some period of time, we intend to prune and put into more higher-growth assets, development assets, the type of assets that Harry's producing. And so if we're not able to issue the equity, that's fine, we will sell assets. But I will remind you guys one thing -- or at least express to you one thing, we've done studies. In 63% of the time over the last decade we've traded at a premium to NAV, and there's only been 1 year in the last decade that we have not, that was 2013. So we do expect that sometime during the period of the plan, we probably will trade above NAV and we'll utilize that opportunity to continue to grow the company, which is something that we would intend to do over time as well.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my second question is on Rivergate. How do the changes there affect your -- the yield that you expect to achieve on -- or that you are achieving on that asset?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes. Let's take Rivergate for a minute, Dave. Rivergate was acquired as an acquisition rehab asset. And with that, as we think about that, we target a stabilized yield in excess of what we could acquire a similar asset for that didn't require the rehab in that same market. Inclusive of this expanded budget, we believe we'll trend to about a 5% yield on a fully-stabilized basis some time in 2016, which we feel really good about. So that's just kind of the background. Harry, what might you add to that?
Harry G. Alcock: Dave, this is Harry. So just to speak specifically about the rehab. Our initial budget was $60 million. That was to rehab about 400 of the units that the prior owner hadn't touched; cure a lot of exterior items, the full exterior of the building; all new windows; a brand-new lobby, which we finished; all new AC and heating systems, that type of thing. We finished that, and in the course of [indiscernible] having the property and operating it for the past 2.5 years, we found a number of additional opportunities to generate additional revenue and enhance our return. So this really is a phase 2, and sort examples of those items are create a second floor amenity area in space that was previously unused, we're going to split an entire stack of large 1-bedrooms, 950-square foot 1-bedrooms, and split them into a combination of a 450-square foot studio and a 500 square-foot junior 1-bedroom, which gives us a new entry point in the building. We have 11 homes with very large terraces which is a unique amenity in this market that we're going to increase the rehab scope. We're going to add washers and dryers to 194 units. So the point is, we think we're going to add, for that $38 million, get another $375 or so in additional rent and generate about an 8% return on that incremental $38 million in spend. I'll remind you that in the 2.5 years we've owned it, the average rents at acquisition were about 3250. We've increased rents nearly 30% at that building. The rehab units are generating rents in excess of 4,300 today and we've got another 375 to go as a result of the Phase 2.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Bennett with Zelman & Associates.
Ryan H. Bennett - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Just wanted to go back to the Shadow development pipeline for a second. I was just wondering if you had any color regarding your land parcels in California and Seattle in terms of the submarkets where those land parcels are located versus the new supply that's coming online now? And as the markets, as well as what's planned over the next couple of years and the level of competition you might be expecting within those submarkets?
Harry G. Alcock: Sure. This is Harry. I'll go ahead and sort of walk through those in general and, I guess, there's a number of different answers. But to walk through, we've got 4 properties -- 5 properties, actually. On Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles from Santa Monica to Koreatown, which represent a big chunk of it. An awful lot of the new supply in the L.A. area is downtown. None of these are downtown. So these happen to be in submarkets that are not experiencing the rate of supply you're seeing in Los Angeles on the whole. We've got 1 of the land parcels in Bellevue, Washington that is -- again, Bellevue is, I think, there's 2 projects under construction now. There's a couple more on the drawing board. Bellevue, again, is not getting nearly the same level of new supply as downtown Seattle is. We do have 1 property in Irvine that we could start later this year. The City of Irvine does have a fair amount of new supply. We think we'll be kind of right in the middle, perhaps slightly ahead of the overall supply in that marketplace. But that is going to be something that we will deal with when we're releasing those projects up. We've got 1 property on El Camino in Mountain View. Again, the City of Mountain View has just delivered 2 brand-new product -- projects. Those are the first new projects that have been delivered in that city in a long time. There's a couple of others that are coming online. The point is, we're -- this is not an area where we expect a tremendous amount of new supply. It's just very difficult to get these types of sites and title that takes a long time. And we feel very good about the types of assets that we'll be starting over the next 2 or 3 years.
Ryan H. Bennett - Zelman & Associates, LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And just one more. Jerry, in terms of your expense growth guidance over the next few years, it's ranging around about 3%. I'm just curious, given the expense savings programs that you put in place for the past few years, if you quantified what sort of savings that you're generating in the next 3 years?
Jerry A. Davis: Well, we continue to find new opportunities to save money, especially on the repairs and maintenance side. As we make our service associates more efficient, it will enable us to continue to bring third-party cost in-house, as well as we think, by doing more preventive maintenance and doing a better job at move-in and during the residents' time period with us, we're hopeful, although I can't back this up yet, that we'll be able to drive resident turnover down. But as I look at 2014, like you stated, we have expense growth projected at 3%. And if I had to break that down, we're looking at about 6% for tax increases next year. While 35% of our company is in California or Oregon where you have caps on valuation increases, those will come in somewhere in the 2% to 3% range. We're going to feel some pressure, again, next year in Washington, D.C., where taxes are projected, currently, to be going up close to double digits. It's high single digits, and D.C. is about 14% of my total same-store pool. And then when you look at the rest of the company, which is about half of it, they kind of all blend in to about a 6% growth. So we're seeing taxes going up, based on valuations, about 5%. And then, we did receive some refunds last year that translate to the total expense going up about 6%. As you look into the other components, we think insurance is going to be roughly flat with last year. We're seeing utilities probably coming in about 4%. We're keeping our eye on the State of California for future years with severe multiyear drought conditions that have been happening. That could, in the future, have an impact on water rates. To date, we really haven't seen that in any of our markets. But 2014, our expectation is, our repairs and maintenance expense will be negative growth once again. This past year, it was down about 4%. As we were able to bring more work in-house, we think it will be down 2%. In '14, we see personnel going up in that 3%, 3.5% range. And we still think we can become a little more efficient in the office, as well as on the marketing side and drive down our administrative and marketing cost about 2%. And I really don't see anything as we go out further years, and I think our '15, '16 projection is to be in that 3% range. I would say, upside risk is probably more in the utility side. I think taxes will start to moderate as valuations are fully built in. We think some municipalities may start looking to raise levy rates in the future if they can't get on valuation. Nobody in 2014 that we're looking at do we see expectations that rates will go up. But I do think this efficiency in repairs and maintenance has another year or so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I'd like to go back to Boston for a minute. We're seeing a meaningful amount of supply specs to come online over the next year or 2 there, particularly in the city core. And given your more urban footprint in Boston, can you talk a bit more about your expectations for your Boston portfolio, specifically in 2014? And can you give us some broad color on proportionately what proportion of your portfolio there is urban versus suburban and then A versus B?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure, Haendel. This is Jerry. We really don't have that much urban. We have 1 property, several hundred units in the Back Bay, Garrison Square, that we've owned for several years. We have 2 same store Properties up in the North Shore that are more B quality. And then as you go down to Braintree in the South Shore, we have 1 same-store property. We have various properties that we own with MetLife that are scattered around the suburbs, but we really have only 1 that's in urban core. And it is interesting. For the first time since we purchased that 3, 3.5 years ago, it's having a bit of a struggle right now. I think some of it is due to new supply. I think the other part of it that we've experienced sort of last 45 to 60 days is pretty bad weather in that New England area that's made it difficult for people to get out and shop for apartments. But the new supply is coming in that downtown area. Predominately, we think our 1 core asset, which is more of a brownstone 4-story property, will be fine. But it's been hurt a little bit. And right now, I would tell you, the strongest submarket that we see in Boston and it's been this way for the last 6 to 9 months has been down on the South Shore.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Appreciate that. So looking at the Northeast forecast here where you have Boston and New York effectively a similar forecast, can you perhaps give us a sense as to -- well, scratch that, scratch that. I want to go to D.C. for a second. I think that's more important here for me. Can you give the same relative assessment of D.C.? Your portfolio -- you mentioned earlier about your D.C. portfolio benefiting from some of these. Can you talk a bit more about your relative urban, suburban, A versus B? And then any sense of delta in revenue growth expectations there that you are forecasting for this year?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. Some of this will be kind of off the cuff, but the B portfolio is probably about 60% or so of our total D.C. holdings when you look the Metro D.C. area. If I was doing the math in my head, I would say probably 50% to 60% is outside of the Beltway, or in the suburban portions of D.C. We have a couple of deals that are wholly-owned, our A product that are in the line of new supply. Most of that is in the U Street Corridor. The Bs, projected, will go up in that 3, probably 3% revenue growth. And this is with the exception of Manassas. That's a B product that we are getting dinged up pretty good from new supply out there. And I would say the As that are within the Beltway are probably flat to negative 1% as far as revenue growth projections.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And just one last one if I may. Can you guys talk a bit about the near-term opportunity for redevelopment within the portfolio? The numbers in the book are grouped with development. Can you parse out the redev and your sort of opportunity in the portfolio today for redev and any type of commentary on returns, et cetera?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, Haendel, again, what we do is we look at redevs 2 different ways. We've got the acquisition rehabs, where we seek a yield, and then we have the redevelopment of an asset that's on book. So we'll seek 7% to 9%. We've probably got, out of the, call it, $400 million, $600 million that we're doing per year, maybe 10% of that is redev. We've got on the books right now or on the pipeline right now, Rivergate is the only one that has any substantial spend left and 27 Seventy Five winding down. So it's not going to be a big number to us. And as far as what's in our portfolio right now, we're looking at a couple of opportunities. But it's not going to be a huge part of our pipeline.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird.
Paula J. Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Going back to the 4 tenets of the updated strategic plan, accretive capital allocation, operational excellence, cash flow growth and balance sheet health. I must confess it sounds more to me like a mission statement that really any REIT ought to be guided by as opposed to a strategic plan for a finite period of time. So I was wondering if you could provide more specificity on some of the execution elements of each of those tenets? For example, what might be an example of a continued enhancement to the best-in-class operating platform?
Jerry A. Davis: I'll take that -- oh, sorry, Tom.
Thomas W. Toomey: Yes, Paula, I think it's a very fair question. And I would agree with your initial assessment that these should be the 4 tenets of any strategic plan and direction. And clearly, you can see we build our plan around supporting those, we measure them, we report to our board and discuss them constantly. As I think about it, what doesn't get discussed when strategic plans are put forth is the prioritization and the trade-offs. And hopefully, from this Three-Year Strategic Plan, you can see that the trade-offs that we're making are -- portfolio improvement is important, but cash flow growth, NAV growth is our paramount driver and focus of this Three-Year Plan. And I would tell you, the last decade, the strategic priorities probably started with capital -- really started with portfolio. I mean, we just did not have the right assets in the right markets and we had to move all of that out and away, and that took a decade. I'll tell you, it took a lot longer than I thought, but I'm glad where we're at. So I would agree that we've toggled between those 2, and now are focused really on the cash flow and dividend per share growth, as well as the NAV per share. The other aspects, operational excellence, Jerry will give you some more specific. But it's always been a strong tenet of the company. You look year-in and year-out, we're always in the top part of the pack and we measure it by market and how we perform, and that's how our site teams are compensated, is how they perform head-to-head in markets. So I feel like there's a lot of still potential there. This industry continues to grow and do well. But there's more room in that area and Jerry give you spec. On the balance sheet, it's hard to put the balance sheet in the last decade as the first priority when we had so much work to be done on the portfolio. And you can see the last couple of years, it's come into focus. We think we're on the right path. And it would be a derivative of growing the cash flow and the NAV and the balance sheet will improve as time occurs. So that's -- the trade-off of the 4 are always critical in what we discuss about which lever to pull over what period of time and constant measure and monitoring of it. And so, I hope that helps a little bit. Jerry?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes. There's been quite a few things over the last 4 or 5 years that we've done on operational excellence that we'll continue. And I will tell you, we never stop looking at ways to grow our margin and to provide a better customer experience. And it goes back years ago when we first started doing electronic marketing, then we moved to electronic payments. We just made our office staff much more efficient. And then we looked more at the direct resident. We got online renewals, online leasing going. Then really about 2 years ago, we started looking at our maintenance teams and determined we were still doing things old-school, the way we've done them since the 1980s. And in addition to technology, we've put up performance standards for our teams and expectations. We've rolled out better ways to order parts, to transport parts and have mobile shops that go with our guys so they can become more efficient. And it's allowed us, really, if you would assume that our NIM cost should be going up 3%, we were down 4% this past year. It's enabled us to cut those costs by about 7%. We expect this year to have comparable-type results with a downward expectation of repairs and maintenance, and we think we can play this out for a few more years, with probably the final piece of this coming still a couple of years down the road with electronic locks, and we think will be an amenity to our resident as well as make our people more efficient. And on the expense side, over the last, really, last 1.5 years, we started looking at other opportunities to generate revenue out of our existing resident base. And some of that was on things, we call them rentable items, storage, parking, garages, things like that, that we looked, we only had occupancy in those types of places of 40% to 45% to 50%. We drove that occupancy up to 70%. We think we can continue to drive it over the next couple of years. And lastly, we're looking at other opportunities that will help our residents get by. Some of that is flexible payment plans or biweekly payments. Things like that, that we've realized that a portion of our residents struggle to budget their own income and they would just like a lot of people to pay their mortgages biweekly, people would like to be able to pay their rent biweekly, and we've rolled that out this year. And so far, in the states where it's allowable, we've seen pretty good acceptance of this and people do see it as a benefit that, I think, will help us not only stay in good graces with our residents, but I think it's also going to help them manage their money better and we're hopeful that it will help drive down our bad debt. But it's things like that, that we're just keeping our eyes open, watching competitors, watching other industries, listening to our customers. And I think the next step that we are really going to look at is what do our customers, how do they feel about us, ratings and things like that, and be able to respond more quickly and provide better customer service.
Paula J. Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That is very insightful.
Thomas M. Herzog: And I might add one thing, Paula is when think about the other 2 pieces of this that haven't been spoken of, Harry's side of the business, where we're developing assets, providing accretive returns, driving additional CVNI and growth for our shareholders, we think is important -- very important, but there's -- and you're seeing the results of that now as the deliveries are starting to occur. But if you play that through for the balance of the $1.2 billion pipeline, we had a couple of questions earlier about equity issuance and what happens if we don't issue equity. Well, you'll see on this balance sheet page that we have on Page 10, we speak to different metrics. And if we issued no equity, all we did was stay -- or at least we just stayed at a leverage-neutral basis, we would still drive our net debt to EBITDA down to a 6.2x, just with the delivery of Harry's development projects, which, again, we've spoken to wanting to delivered to BBB+ or operate to BBB+, Baa1 metrics. And so, that all ties into the plan mechanically as we speak to each of the 4 tenets that you alluded to.
Paula J. Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And my second question is just on the assets that are being marketed for sale in Tampa and Orlando. Can you just talk what was it about those specific assets versus the others you have in the market that teed those up for sale? And on a housekeeping perspective, have those already been classified as discontinued ops?
Harry G. Alcock: Paula, this is Harry. I'll answer the first part of the question. Tampa and Orlando are both within our capital warehouse. Our universe will also sell a few non-core assets this year for a number of reasons. As we go through and rate the assets having to do with expected cash flow growth, having to do with future capital needs, having to do with expected buyer response, having to do with a number of sort of operational issues, those are the 4 assets that rose to the top of the heap and the assets are of a size that will satisfy our necessary sales volume for the year, combined with a few others that we'll put in the market later this year.
Paula J. Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And are those in discontinuum?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, the second part of your question, no, they have not been included in discontinued ops. Until we get hard dollars down, our policy has been not to do that, which I think is fairly consistent with the way a lot of other REITs handle that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow -- I think you mentioned a couple of development starts. Can you give the dollar volume that you're looking for in terms of starts so we can kind of see the [indiscernible] out of the pipeline? And then a question just as it relates to leverage. The leverage, just as you provided on 10, look like they don't include the JVs. If you look at going for -- as you look at the business plan for '14, then going forward to '16, can you talk about leverage in the context of how you're looking at managing the -- your holding on balance sheet versus the JV and whether you see leverage come down the same amount for the total entity on a proportionate basis?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, Herzog here. I'll start with this and then Harry will jump in on the developments. But the development starts for 2013, $250 million ownership effect at between Steele Creek and 399 Fremont. A couple of more starts in the second half of 2014 because Harry's working on a variety of different entitlements and we're doing a lot of underwriting right now to make sure we meet the return hurdles that we have in place. We have not yet set forth a number as to what that might look like for the balance of 2014. Anything you'd add to that, Harry?
Harry G. Alcock: Yes, I mean, we do have 3 assets that, depending on the timing of the completion of the design and various reconstruction activities that we think we could start this year, those types of numbers could be another couple hundred million in UDR's share of incremental development starts this year. And again, as you know, we just started 399 Fremont in San Francisco.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: The one you bought in the first quarter, would that be a '14 start, and would that be a wholly-owned, just given the size?
Harry G. Alcock: It is wholly-owned, and it -- I think it's unlikely that it's a '14 start.
Thomas W. Toomey: Mike, this is Toomey. We won't start a deal until we have a GMAX in hand and 100% drawings. In that timeframe, on most deals, if you even have entitlements, is still a year.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You had mentioned...
Thomas W. Toomey: If we don't have entitlements it could string out for many. So we're just trying to be thoughtful in making sure we can nail the returns and price it against cost of capital with the right fact patterns. So we're in no hurry to start putting things into the ground that we don't have all the facts on-hand.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I appreciate that. And then Tom, could you address the JV leverage versus on balance sheet?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes. I don't think the numbers, Mike, will be too different than what some of you guys have published. But looking forward, so if we were, let's just say, fixed charge, we're in the mid-3s in 2014, net debt to EBITDA in the mid-6s, debt-to-asset cost of, call it, the high-38s, probably 39%. If we take the pro rata joint venture debt and assets, we're looking more like the very low 3s for fixed charge, net debt-to-EBITDA is about a 7, so it still looks pretty good, inclusive of pro rata debt, and then the debt to asset cost [indiscernible] probably about a 42 [ph] or something like that. Those are the rough numbers that we put together based on the joint venture activity.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I appreciate that. Then just as a follow-up. Can you just give us a sense? In your guidance, you've identified a decent amount of acquisition volume. Is any of that identified? And in the same sense in terms of dispositions, should we think about that kind of going throughout the year match funding or would you expect that to be all lumped together at one point?
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, I would say that we certainly, internally, have looked at a pool of assets that we would seek to liquidate. Harry is going through that now, testing the market. So we wouldn't seek to individual assets at this point. But Harry, maybe you can give a little bit more color on how you're are looking at that.
Harry G. Alcock: Yes, we -- I mean, on the acquisition side, we did -- we acquired the land parcel. And then in Orange County in January, in terms of other acquisitions that fall within our guidance, as always, we'll speak to those once we have something to talk about, meaning the hard contract and a deal that's ready to close. On the sale side, we have the 4 in the market I talked about and others will come in the market throughout the year. This continues to be a very liquid disposition environment, transaction environment. This is a year, if you look at 2013, there's over $100 billion in trade. So the disposition environment continues to be very liquid.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: First, public service announcement. CVNI is NAV plus dividend. I did not know that. Many thanks to Chris. I doubt many people on the call knew that. How do you get NAV equal CVNI, Tom? What is...
Thomas M. Herzog: How do I get NAV equal CVNI, is that what you're saying?
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: No, NAV plus dividend is CVNI?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, it's NAV is -- it's actually not that. It's the change in NAV plus dividends reinvested at the then NAV, creates CVNI.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, got you.
Thomas M. Herzog: It's kind of the old Warren Buffet tick changes in NAV plus dividends is just -- is reinvested back in at NAV.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. The mention of issuing stock once you get over NAV, why does that not put a ceiling on the stock if you're basically going to say you're going to raise equity since you're above NAV?
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, it doesn't necessarily mean we will raise equity above NAV, but we certainly might. So I wouldn't say that as putting a ceiling on a stock.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then, the last question, maybe big picture, for Toomey. It was brought up a while ago about M&A. What do you think about with all this work you've done to put yourselves in high-barrier markets, you probably don't feel like you get properly valued for all the work that you've done to put 80% of your portfolio on coastal high-barrier markets. What about UDR as a seller, if the right price came along. Is that in the mindset there?
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, I think we can't control that and the market will be what it's going to be. And what we can do is grow our business, grow our cash flow, grow our NAV. And if the chips fall and there's an offer, that's what you have a Board of Directors for and a management team that has an alignment of interest with the shareholders. And we'll conduct ourselves accordingly. So we don't seek it out. I think it's a consequence. And for us, we can only put forth our plan, execute on it. We think it's the right plan and are excited about the plan.
Operator: I would like to turn it back over to management for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, a brief closing. First, thank you for your time today and, certainly, for the -- a very good set of questions. Clearly, we have put forth an updated Three-Year Plan. We feel good about that plan. You can see through the transparency of it, what we expect to do. Like '13, we feel good about that execution, have the right resources in the room, the right environment. And are excited about not just performing at it, but exceeding it. And we will see many of you at investor conferences throughout the part of the season, and look forward to seeing you and discuss it in more detail and the rest of us will get to work and execute.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-29 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Van Ens - Vice President - IR Thomas W. Toomey - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Thomas M. Herzog - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jerry A. Davis - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President of Property Operations Harry G. Alcock - Senior Vice President of Asset Management
Analysts: Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Andrew Schaffer Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Paula J. Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the UDR's Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now like to turn the call over to Chris Van Ens. Please go ahead.
Christopher G. Van Ens: Thank you for joining us for UDR's third quarter financial results conference call. Our third quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. [Operator Instructions] Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to UDR's third quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. My comments will be brief today. First, we had a good quarter in all aspects of our business and feel great about the balance of 2013. Jerry and Tom will cover the details. Second, we remain focused on executing our 3-year strategic plan. With the first year nearing completion, we are on track or ahead of plan on all fronts. Our 3-year plan is focused on growing cash flow, NAV and dividends while continuing to improve the balance sheet and portfolio quality. As we look toward the future, we see an economic environment and supply demand fundamentals in our markets that confirm our view that our 3-year plan remains the best course. Our team remains highly focused on successful execution of this plan. Looking at the drivers of our plan, as you're aware, the vast majority of our cash flow comes from the operating platform. Over the past 6-plus years, we've produced same-store revenue growth in our markets that placed in the top third of the peer group 60% of the time. This success has been achieved through Jerry and his team's unwavering drive to consistently improve our operating processes through the advancements of our technology platform, and of course, the hard work of our community teams. We have a development -- redevelopment pipeline of $1.2 billion. Of our $1 billion in development that remains under construction, 30% will be delivered by year end. Overall, we are meeting or exceeding our expectations, and I'm grateful to Harry and his team for their foresight to get these communities underway in 2010 and '11. We continue to see favorable development opportunities in our core markets. On the balance sheet front, we are executing on plan and expect that our balance sheet metrics will continue to improve through cash flow growth from our development and redevelopment pipeline. Our portfolio quality continues to improve, revenue per home has increased dramatically over the years and we have a good mix of markets in A and B quality communities. We will give you full 2014 guidance and a full update on the 3-year plan on our February 2014 conference call. Finally, I would like to thank all of my fellow associates for their hard work in producing another great quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Herzog: Thanks, Tom. The topics I will cover today include: first, our third quarter results; second, Hurricane Sandy insurance recoveries; third, a balance sheet update; fourth, an update on our development pipeline; and last, our fourth quarter and full year 2013 guidance. I'll begin with our third quarter results. FFO per share was $0.37 inclusive of $0.025 of final settlement of Hurricane Sandy insurance recoveries that resulted from damages and business interruptions incurred in 2012 and 2013, none of which was contemplated in our previous guidance. Our FFO as adjusted per share was $0.36 inclusive of $0.01 of Hurricane Sandy business interruption recoveries incurred in 2013, which offset lost commercial rents at the affected properties. The $0.36 of FFO as adjusted exceeded our Q3 guidance at the midpoint by $0.02 as a result of the $0.01 of Sandy recovery and an additional $0.01 of miscellaneous timing items. Third quarter FFO per share was $0.31 which also exceeded our Q3 guidance at the midpoint by $0.02. Next, in September we reached final settlement of our Hurricane Sandy claims. In total, we recovered $27.5 million of $30.4 million in damages and business interruption losses. We are pleased with this outcome. Moving on to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our financial leverage on a historical cost basis, was 39%. On a fair value basis, it was 30%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 7.0x, which is also approximately where we expect to end the year. These metrics are consistent with the 3-year plan expectation set forth at the beginning of 2013. Moving forward, we will continue to gradually delever the balance sheet through non-dilutive means while targeting BBB-plus credit metrics. As previously announced, in September we issued $300 million of 3.7% 7-year unsecured debt. The notes replaced debt that matured earlier in 2013 and the proceeds were used primarily to pay off our revolver. From a liquidity prospective, our balance sheet is in good shape with $1 billion of available funds at the end of third quarter consisting of cash and credit facility capacity. Turning to our development projects. We expect to deliver approximately $290 million in developments or 30% of our active pipeline during the fourth quarter of 2013. As Tom mentioned in his earlier remarks, our in-progress pipeline should be solidly accretive to earnings and NAV when comparing current and trended yield expectations against market cap rates and our cost of funds. We continue to estimate these developments will on average deliver a current trended spread of 150 to 200 basis points. As of the end of the third quarter, there were $320 million left to spend to complete our current $1.1 billion pipeline. As detailed on Attachment 11 or Page 23 of our supplement, we are actively in process of reloading our development pipeline with a number of projects. We expect to announce a new start or 2 later in the fourth quarter or early first quarter of 2014. Additional starts can be expected as 2014 unfolds. For us, development continues to represent a very positive risk-adjusted use of capital. On to 2013 guidance. We are raising our full year FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance estimates to $1.43 to $1.45, $1.38 to $1.40 and $1.22 to $1.24, respectively, to reflect the Sandy-related insurance recoveries previously discussed. Our same-store guidance is also increasing with full year revenue now expected to grow 4.75% to 5%; expenses, 2.75% to 3%; and NOI, 5.75% to 6%. Additional guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15 or Page 27 of our supplement. For the fourth quarter of 2013, we are providing FFO, FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance of $0.34 to $0.36, $0.33 to $0.35 and $0.29 to $0.31, respectively. During the quarter, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.235 per share or $0.94 when annualized, our 164th consecutive quarterly common dividend paid. Lastly, we'll provide 2014 guidance and a full update of our 3-years strategic plan during our fourth quarter call in February. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks, I'll cover the following topics: first, the recorded operating results; next, fundamentals in our largest core markets, as well as recent A versus B performance in our portfolio; and finally, a brief update on our development lease-ups or redevelopment projects. We are pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the third quarter, same-store net operating income grew 6%, driven by a 4.9% year-over-year increase in revenue against a 2.6% increase in expenses. Our same-store revenue per occupied home increased by 4.7% year-over-year to $1,490 per month, while same-store occupancy of 96.1% was 20 basis points higher year-over-year. On a total portfolio basis, including our pro rata share of joint ventures, revenue per occupied home was $1,640 per month. Sequentially, third quarter same-store net operating income declined by 10 basis points due to normal seasonality. Turning to new and renewal lease rates. In the third quarter, effective rental rates on new leases at our same-store communities increased by 3.7%, while renewal rate was strong at 5.5%. San Francisco, Seattle, Boston and New York remained vibrant, while Mid-Atlantic regions struggled. As a reminder, new and renewal lease rate and turnover by market for the third quarter are available in our supplement on Attachment 8G. Annualized turnover in the third quarter increased by 160 basis points year-over-year, although still 50 basis points lower on a year-to-date basis. The third quarter increase was a result of our initiative over the past year to move more of our 2013 lease expirations into the third quarter, which exhibits better demand characteristics than the first or fourth quarters. Rent as a percentage of our tenant income held steady at roughly 17%. Move outs for home purchase were same as the third quarter 2012 at 12.7%. Expense growth was 2.6% higher for both the quarter and year-to-date as real estate tax pressures were offset by reductions in repairs and maintenance expense and marketing costs. Making our service teams more efficient, which enables them to do more work in-house, has been a top priority. We're seeing positive results from that. Next, some remarks on our primary core market order of [ph] contribution to NOI. New supply in Washington, D.C. can [ph] more directly affect us during the middle of the third quarter, however, we still see blended rental rate growth remain positive in the fourth quarter. San Francisco remains strong despite some difficult seasonal slowing. We are seeing good demand in the city proper and our Mission Bay development is sdzfpre-leasing very well. Orange County employment growth is improving and results are getting better in this market after a weaker first half 2013. Downtown Seattle has supply coming in. The job growth seems to be absorbing. Bellevue may still be the best [indiscernible] market we have right now. As mentioned last quarter, New York has fully recovered from Hurricane Sandy, which is evident in the strength we saw in rental rate growth and occupancy during the third quarter. Finally, Boston has been one of our better markets in 2013, but it is entering its seasonally slower period. Still, we expect this market to remain well above average as we go to 2014. Dallas is generating significant jobs right now but also a lot of new supply. We're not seeing a major difference between our North Dallas, Addison or Uptown products with regards to demand, and it comes -- continues to be a good market for us. Moving on to performance of our core A and B communities. In the third quarter, As -- Bs, excuse me, outperformed the As in our core market for the first time as we began tracking the data couple of years ago. However, the disparity was not as large at 4.9% full-ended lease rate growth for Bs versus 4.6% for As. I will remind everyone, although we have moved our portfolio towards the heavier mix of As over the past decade, our core market A/B mix is still roughly 50-50. This inflection point in lease rate -- lease growth is likely due to our lower quality properties not competing directly with new supply to our higher quality communities with easier growth comps Bs have versus As. At the market level, this dynamic was evident in Washington, D.C., Boston, Dallas, Orange County and San Francisco during the quarter. Turning to our development and redevelopment program, which are highlighted in Attachment 9 and 10 of our earnings supplement. During the quarter, we completed the development of 520 homes on $70 million in incremental spend. Lease-ups at Bella Terra in Huntington Beach, Channel Mission Bay in San Francisco and 13th and Market in San Diego are tracking well ahead of initial underwriting expectations at this point. Gross lease-ups in Mission Viejo and Domain College Park across the Street and University of Maryland's business school are achieving lease rates and closing ratios in line with our underwriting expectations. Fiori at Vitruvian Park JV is achieving the rental rates we expected, but leasing units at a slower pace than anticipated. Finally, Capitol View. Our only completed project at this juncture reached stabilized occupancy during the summer roughly 9 months after welcoming our first resident. All in, we are quite pleased without the lease-ups are progressing. Moving on to redevelopment. During the quarter, we completed the redevelopment of 209 homes on $22 million in incremental spend. Both Rivergate and 27 Seventy Five Mesa Verde are generating renovated home rent [ph] in line with our initial expectations. As a reminder, additional details regarding quarter end lease and occupancy percentages for both development and redevelopment can be found on Attachments 9 and 10 of our earnings supplement. With that, I will open up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Derek Bower of ISI Group.
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Jerry, just wanted to follow up on the A versus B performance. Can you talk about what that spread was in the D.C. market specifically?
Jerry A. Davis: I don't have it in the D.C. market. I've really broken down D.C. more between submarkets. And what I can tell you is our weakest submarket in D.C. right now is the product we have in suburban Maryland. We are doing a little bit better when you look at the BB-minus products. We only have one of those within the city where we have revenue growth north of 5. But most of the product inside the Beltway is fairly close to the 3.3% revenue growth we had. When you go outside the Beltway, it's about the same except when you get into the supply-impacted areas such as Woodbridge for us. And I did see your call note this morning where you were asking about the effect of rent-stabilized homes in D.C. and I did want to address that. We really only have one asset in Washington, D.C. that's rent-stabilized. It's called Waterside towers, and it represents about 13% of the total revenue in Washington, D.C. It produced 5.4% revenue growth, and if you take that out of our D.C. portfolio, we still would have revenue growth of 2.9%.
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then just going to the reduction for the development redevelopment spend for the year, can you just speak to is that reduction caused for a reduction in attractiveness in rates or are you being less aggressive with supply [ph] and capital, as I assume you're still not going to issue equity below NAV at this point?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, Derek, this is Tom Herzog. It has nothing to do with performance or access to capital. It's all due to timing. As I think you know, we've got 1 or 2 starts that we're expecting in the fourth quarter of 2013 and more in 2014, so this is all just timing.
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: GoT it. Great. And then just last one. There was a pretty large pop in the Sacramento same-store performance and I -- it sounds like you guys may be actively marketing that according to a couple of publications. So can you just kind of talk about the performance of those assets and timing of dispositions and how that might affect that capping -- cap rate pricing?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, this is Jerry. I'll talk about the performance, and then I'll turn over to Harry to talk about the transaction activity. Yes, I would remind you first, Sacramento represents 1% of our total NOI, so it's small. We've always been looking to exit that market for the last several years when the timing was right. I can tell you I think fundamentals in that markets have improved a little. There's no new supply. They've added about 11,000 jobs there. I would also add that our team at the 2 properties we have there is the best we've had in years, and that what you're really seeing in that growth is a recovery over how we performed in the last year or 2. But yes, when you do look at it, it is a significant revenue growth and it's really been pushed not only by some occupancy gains but also above-average new lease rate growth. So the team's doing well. The market has improved and I think it's an awful [ph] time to be exiting the market because of the condition we have those properties in, but I'll let Harry talk about the other part.
Harry G. Alcock: Jerry answered most of it. We are in the market with the 2 Sacramento assets. As Jerry mentioned, it is a market that we have always intended to exit. Candidly from a timing standpoint, selling the property when the fundamentals are positive tends to yield a more positive result.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Going back to D.C., how did new and renewal rates trend over the quarter and where are rentals going [ph] out today?
Jerry A. Davis: Hold up one second. Renewals trended throughout the quarter: July was 5.2%; August was 4.6%; September was 4.3%; and October is 4.1%. And what we're seeing now in D.C. for the next 2 to 3 months is probably in the 4% range. I don't have except numbers in D.C. with me. I can tell you when you look at the trending for the total company same stores, we trended 5.8% renewal growth in July and then it was 5.4% in August, 5.4% in September. October's looking like a 5.3% and what we sent out at -- company-wide average for the next 2 to 3 months in that 5.25% range. And we typically do achieve very close to what we send out.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the development pipeline, what construction cost pressures are you seeing today? Could continued pressure affect potential decisions with starting new developments going forward?
Harry G. Alcock: Hi, this is Harry. First, there's no question costs are rising. The amount really depends on the market and construction type. I think generally, costs are up as little as 5% over the last 12-to-18 months to as much as 10% to 15%. We do expect costs to continue to rise over the next year, perhaps another 10% to 15% -- 5% to 10%. Looking forward, rent increases are generally offsetting these cost increases, although again, that's product and market dependent and we do consider the impact of the increased costs in our underwriting. As we look at our land portfolio, we're confident that we have a number of projects that we will pencil in the future. We won't start a new project unless we have a 100 to 150 basis point spread and leased [ph] to current market cap rates, until we have a complete set of drawings, until we have a max price contract with a third-party general contractor.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jana Galan from Bank of America.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe following up on the construction or the development pipeline. It looks like scheduled completion was pushed out a quarter for the San Francisco and the Alexandria projects. I was just curious the reasoning behind that.
Harry G. Alcock: Hi Jana. This is Harry Alcock. Mission Bay, the initial deliveries are going to be this quarter as scheduled, but given the high number of deliveries that we had, unit deliveries in November and December from a construction standpoint, we simply pushed some of these units into January and February.There are no construction delays. In terms of del Rey, the construction is delayed about 6 weeks from our original estimate. We originally thought the end of Q1. Current schedule shows the middle of Q2. We're confident that we'll meet this revised forecast.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then, Jerry, if you can let us know maybe move-out to the homeownership in the third quarter?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. It was 12.7%, which is basically flat with 3Q of last year. It's down slightly from 2Q of this year. One thing we did see is move-outs to home purchase were a little bit heavier in the A product than the B product, which you would expect. They're more qualified. Our As were at about 14%. Our Bs were at about 11%. And the 2 markets that we have where we had move-outs to home purchases that were north of 20% of the reasons for move-out were Charlotte and Boston, where we have a very high percentage of the portfolio is A.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste from Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jerry, a question for you. Appreciate your earlier comments on turnover, but I wanted to dig into the Sunbelt a bit. We saw a healthy bit of turnover this past quarter in the Sunbelt. Can you give us a bit of the story behind the numbers and talk about Sunbelt in relation to New York, the West Coast, where the turnover was relatively unchanged? Is the turnover being driven by perhaps waning pricing power, perhaps a supply concern? Appreciate some context.
Jerry A. Davis: Sure, Haendel. Yes, I don't think it's pricing power. What I would tell you is about a year, 1.5 years ago, we finally came to the realization after seeing it for multiple years that pricing power on new leases has a definite seasonality in the apartment sector nowadays where more leases in the third quarter and second quarter tend to be 300 basis points higher than they were in the first quarter. And what we did last year is we worked to move more of our lease expirations from the fourth quarter into the those higher lease rate quarters in the second and third. So we effectively moved about 200 to 300 lease expirations into third quarter from fourth quarter, and assuming about half of those people renewed, half moved out, that accounted for about 150 more move-outs in the second -- in the third quarter than we had last year. Now, most of those, as you saw, did occur in the Sunbelt markets. What I would tell you is when I look at my month of October turnover, I have 120 fewer move-outs in my same-store portfolio in October of this year than I had in October of last year. So our strategy being able to reprice those, the 150 units, at more of a 4.5% rent increase rate instead of the 1.4% or so that I'm experiencing [ph] in October, worked.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got you. Okay. And just to follow-up to that, can you share with us the October and November renewals? And then perhaps break it out by just giving the Sunbelt numbers specifically?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. October renewals, currently they're running at about 5.3%. In the Sunbelt markets in -- they're more, in the Florida and Texas markets, in the 4%, 4.5% range. What gets me up to my 5.3% renewal rate growth in October, what lifts it is more of my California influence as well as Boston and New York.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. One last question on taxes. We saw you lowered the high end of your expense range. Just curious about your experience on the real estate tax assessment [ph] during the quarter. Is the lowering of the high end of expenses largely reflective of perhaps more successes there?
Jerry A. Davis: We've got a little bit of success that we were able to show in the third quarter and we're hopeful as we go into 4Q that we'll have more success. But yes, a lot of that is tax rate driven.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Nick Euleko [ph] with UBS.
Unknown Analyst: I'm wondering on the development side, what at this point is holding back starting the projects in LA, San Francisco, and then even looking at the MetLife partials which are all in California or Bellevue?
Harry G. Alcock: Hi, Nick. This is Harry. In each of those cases, we're working through as we speak the -- in some cases the entitlement process. In some cases we have entitled assets and are working through the design development process to get through to a permit-ready or shovel-ready project. So it's really just the timing of completing those events that dictates the start dates. Certain of the projects we're going to be in a position to begin construction the first part of 2014. Other projects are further out in later '14 or even into 2015. And that relates to both the UDR wholly-owned projects, as well as certain of the land parcels that we own in partnership with MetLife.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, so it sounds like some of them are going to start next year, some might wait later into 2015. I guess what I'm just wondering is, I mean, how should we think about that? Because I mean, California's already fundamentally doing very well. I mean, is this is really going to be another slow [ph] year sort of cycle for California? And was the risk for kind of leasing starting development in California at the time where the fundamentals are strong?
Thomas W. Toomey: Nick, this is Tom Toomey. You make a couple of good points and let me try to provide some clarity. Within the confines of the 3-year strategic plan that we put forth, we identified and said we would spend on an annual basis $400 million to $500 million and that we would only commence development when we have a GC contract in-hand, when the investment as a spread over existing cap rates was 100 to 150 basis points and that we had a funding source that made sense on a accretive basis, both NAV- and earnings-wise. So that's the driver behind us making the decision to go forward with the development activity. We will stay within those parameters, $400 million to $500 million on an annual spend. With the respect to markets, looking at the current pipeline of deliveries, you have about 45% that will be delivered probably next year, 18 months in California, another 10% in Boston, so I feel good about the market mix of our delivery and the timing of the strengthening of those markets. I think we'll do well on the lease-ups to those with Jerry's team, and I feel good about that. Backloading it, Harry is right. We're going through the process on all the other opportunities we have. And as we get them there and if they meet the return requirements, then we'll push them into the pipeline and announce them as they get there. But we feel good about the quality of it, about the returns, about our execution capability and the size and scope of it given the size of the enterprise.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Schaffer with Sandler O'Neill.
Andrew Schaffer: Your positive revenue growth in D.C. was pretty impressive given your peers have been reporting negative growth. I was wondering if you'd highlight anything specifically that you did in order to achieve these results?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, this is Jerry. I think, like some of my peers have already discussed, we went out and tried to attack renewals -- really 90 days before expiration to get a better indication of what people were going to do so we could address notice to vacates more proactively. I think the other factor that I brought up many times is I think our team in D.C. is second to none. And I think the locations that we operate in, while they are somewhat affected by the new supply, the exception of the U Street Corridor and out in Woodbridge, we're not really feeling the direct impact the way that some of the other multifamily REITs are.
Andrew Schaffer: Okay. And secondly, for your Pier 4 element in Boston, I was wondering what the expected average unit size is and the rents are for this project?
Harry G. Alcock: This is Harry. If you remember, we are not going to deliver first units on that until the first part of 2015. The average unit sizes in that one are a little over 800 square feet. And we expect the rents per foot to be slightly above $4 per foot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Anderson with BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So does the 5 -- or excuse me, 3-year plan with a fair amount of development involved in that plan suggest a slower FFO growth model for that -- over that period of time relative to your peers?
Thomas M. Herzog: Rich, we've got a -- this is Tom Herzog. In the 3-year plan we have indicated somewhere in the vicinity of $400 million to $450 million in 2014 and 2015, just the numbers that we have put out. We're not straying too far off those numbers. We have a little bit of a gap in the timing as the result of the starts at the end of 2013 and into '14. But I don't see us having a marked difference in the numbers that we're running as we look forward in '14, '15 for this particular item. So we haven't given our 3-year strategy for '14, '15 and '16 yet, which we will in the next call, but I don't see this being a major factor at this point.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, so if you're out there with a 3-year plan and sounds like you're going to roll that forward, do you -- can you remind us of the -- your image of the fundamental landscape at the end of 2015. And assuming that you had an image and kind of worked backwards to develop the strategic plan, what do you think the market for multifamily real estate will look like from a economy standpoint, a supply, a rent growth standpoint? Like what's the vision you have?
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, we set forth the various expectations in the 3-year strategy document with the various economic factors. And at this point given our timing, we're not ready to provide an update to that. We will in the February call, but we're not going to roll that forward at this point.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I apologize for not having that committed to memory, but I mean is it -- just to put it, yes or no. I mean, do you see the fundamental picture for multifamily extending much further than what maybe the common perception is in the market today? I mean, is this a second or third inning that we're in right now, or is it -- maybe just give me a little color on that end.
Thomas M. Herzog: I'm going to give you my take and then I'm going to turn it to Tom Toomey. I would tell you this, as we look to where we are at in 2013 and how we're performing, what our numbers look like, ops, development, balance sheet, et cetera, we are tracking on or ahead of plan, and as we look into 2014, we think we have a lot of momentum. So we feel good about where it's going again we're not going to give specific numbers but, Tom, let me turn it to you, see if you might have some things to add.
Thomas W. Toomey: Yes, Rich, certainly I don't think anybody's got a good crystal ball, but our clarity probably would be much of the same fundamentals that we see today. In that you see a steady job growth diet of 150-kind-of-thousand jobs a month, what I think is more importantly, is what's the waiting of our markets to that national number, and I think our portfolio will perform well versus the national numbers primarily because of our exposure to tax, energy, certainly import/export markets and I like our exposure to biotech. So I think that we've picked the right markets for the right jobs over the next 2 or 3 years. And I think that will be reflective. I think we picked the right A, B mix in those markets to garner better than average in performance. With respect to what's beyond that supply, my guess is we're right in the transition period in the banking industry with respect to lending and that's going to have a great influence on the amount of supply. I don't see the swelling of capital or bank lending pattern that's going to indicate that we're going to get in above 350,000 deliveries on an annual basis. So I suspect we won't see the threat of supply that we've typically seen in the past in these economic periods. And then what's the wildcard? Obviously, on the finance side, you've got the GSE reform question that looms. The fact they can't even agree on how to run the government probably means they won't change a whole lot on that front. And so I see stability but not a robust capital environment that leads to a great deal of inflation for asset values. It's probably just going to garner out cash flow growth. So on that, I guess, Rich, look at our assumptions. You ask the question about how our FFO growth is going to compare to peers. I don't know what the rest of the peers are forecasting. What I do know is we're targeting annual AFFO growth in the 8 to 10. That's what we put forth in the '13 plan that we put over the next 3 years. And we'll update it in February if we see it materially change. But we feel good about the business.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And just -- I think part of what is holding down the sector has been this perception that it's good but decelerating growth on a year-over-year basis. I mean, is that the thesis, too, when you look to 2015, that it's good but it's decelerating from 1 year to next? Or do you think you could stay in the mid-single digit type number over the course of 3 or 4 years?
Thomas W. Toomey: My -- to continue to expound upon that, it's going to turn into markets and the right combination of markets and exposures. And then I think that that will be what your job is, is to sort through what those individual market dynamics are and how they are painted out. My view is the fundamentals of the business point to -- and I thought that the guys at Avalon had it right. There's a potential shortage of housing in America from a number of fronts, from the single-family, from the multifamily front, and that we're going to run at a very high occupancy and pricing power is going to be dependent upon job growth and wage inflation. And so I feel good about those 2 dynamics playing out to better than what the expectations are from the Street. We'll see how that dynamic plays out. I think we've got a great operating platform to take advantage of it, if it's there. But I'm more optimistic, have always been glass half-full type person, and just see a more positive robust opportunity than maybe what most of people are publishing these days. And I'd add to it, Rich, costs go up for replacing these assets. The value of your in-place inventory has to continue to grow if it just costs more to replace it. And so I think the combination of cash flow and cost increases probably is going to lead to a little bit more NAV growth than people are forecasting at this present time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Bragg with Green Street Advisors.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: First question's on the development yields. If I understood correctly, are -- the 150 basis point spread that you target, is that on trended development yields versus today's cap rates?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, Dave, this is Tom Herzog. We think about it this way -- we think in 2 ways. It's 100 to 150 un-trended and 150 to 200 basis points trended on average across our development pipeline. So there will be some at the high end, some at the low end and some down the middle. But that's how we've expressed those.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay, so when we see you start deals later this year or early next year, you'll be looking for 100 to 150 basis points spread over prevailing cap rates?
Thomas M. Herzog: That's correct. On an un-trended basis, it's 100 to 150 basis points.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Second question is on Attachment 1. Looking at 2 expense line items that we think are outside of your same-store expense pool, property management and other operating expenses, we noticed outsized growth for these items on a year-to-date basis relative to the same-store expense pool. Can you talk about the drivers of these 2 lines?
Thomas M. Herzog: I'm sorry, property management and what was the other one?
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Other operating expenses.
Thomas M. Herzog: The property management, we're going to have -- the Vitruvian is one of the items within that. But I tell you what, these items are not included in Attachment 5 when you get down to those same-store results, or any of those operating results. Those lines are excluded when you're trying to get to your margins on Attachment 5, if that's part of what you're looking at.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Tom, do you mean Attachment 6?
Thomas M. Herzog: No I think it's Attachment 5.
Harry G. Alcock: It's 6.
Thomas M. Herzog: Is it 6?
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: But Tom, are we correct that those 2 lines are not included in Attachment 6, same-store expenses?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, that's correct.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then what's driving the 6% growth for property management expense and the 22% growth for other operating expenses on a year-to-date basis?
Thomas M. Herzog: You know something, Dave, I'd actually have to -- I have to take a look at that. I can't answer that right off the cuff. But if you give me a call after the call, I'd be able to take you through that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Tom, just going back to the starts, should we expect those to be on balance sheet or are you looking more towards venture capital given where the stock's trading right now, in terms of new developments?
Thomas M. Herzog: Harry, maybe you want to take that?
Harry G. Alcock: Mike, it's Harry. I mean it really just depends on the property itself. Some of these properties are owned in joint ventures with MetLife and therefore they will naturally be JV properties. Some are wholly-owned and therefore we will develop them ourselves.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Would you expect to sell any of them into joint ventures?
Thomas W. Toomey: This is Toomey. That's always weighs in our decision about moving forward is the capital source and the size and scope of the development pipeline. If we found [ph] opportunity but felt that it stretched our capital capabilities beyond where we want to go, we'd certainly look at joint venture partner to offset some of that. We're going to stay in the confines, Mike, of the $400 million to $500 million of our spend on an annual basis, stack the best opportunities we can inside of that number and weigh capital as one of the those alternatives.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. Jerry, a question for you. Can you give us where the loss-to-lease stands at the end of the third quarter? And also if we look at in-place rents today versus current market in D.C., how does that compare?
Jerry A. Davis: I don't have D.C. on me. My guess is in D.C, there's probably no loss-to-lease at this point, the in-place is comparable. Again, I don't have that with me. I'll get it for you later on the follow-up call. For the company, the loss-to-lease at the end of the third quarter was 1.5%.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Then finally just as you're looking at the 3-year capital plan right now, I'd be curious, as you look out -- and potentially slowing growth, to go back to Rich's question, does that give an impetus to maybe accelerate some of the recycling you'd planned out over the 3-year plan? Maybe you'd pull a little bit that forward in terms of capital raising and funding in the next cycle -- in the next go around of development?
Thomas M. Herzog: Probably not, Mike. When we look at -- as you noted from our 3-year strategy, we had acquisitions and dispositions generally matched up. We would be putting [ph] in certain assets and acquiring assets that could be more core for us. So that has not caused us to necessarily accelerate the plans around liquidation of those assets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And as you've been on the market looking to sell a few assets there, are you seeing price escalation or retrading on any of those?
Harry G. Alcock: Mike, this is Harry. I think if you look at the A.S. [ph], that's the may-to-main [ph] type assets, there continues to be significant investor demand, and these buyers tend to be less leverage sensitive. We haven't seen any retrading there. As you move to the Bs, you have seen some cap rate expansion. I mean there was clearly some retrading activity going on last summer when we initially went through this sort of volatile interest rate environment. Today, I'm not sure we've seen enough trades to form a definitive conclusion but interest rate movements have calmed down. Interest rates have actually floated down, which is going to help with values and predictability. But suffice to say there has been a little bit of cap rate movement on the B properties.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird.
Paula J. Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Jerry, just a question for you. How are rent-to-income ratio's trending? And is there any notable difference between As and Bs?
Jerry A. Davis: I don't think there are. I looked at it last quarter and there wasn't a notable difference. I can tell you right now, rent-to-income is staying very consistent with what I've reported over the last probably 5 to 6 quarters in that 16% to 17% range. Right now it's at a 17.1%. Last quarter it was 17%. A year ago it was 16.9%, so it stays pretty stable.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude our Q&A portion of the call. Please continue with any closing remarks.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well again, I thought we had a great quarter as a team, as a company, our associates on the ground doing a great job. We certainly are happy with the 3-year plan and the first year almost in the bag and where we stand with it. Look forward to giving you more details about 2014 as we wrap up the business plan part. And we will see many of you at May Reach shortly. And with that, take care.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-30 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Van Ens - Vice President - IR Thomas W. Toomey - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Thomas M. Herzog - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jerry A. Davis - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President of Property Operations Warren L. Troupe - Senior Executive Vice President, Corporate Compliance Officer and Secretary Harry G. Alcock - Senior Vice President of Asset Management
Analysts: Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Robert Stevenson - Macquarie Research Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to UDR's Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded, July 30, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Van Ens. Please go ahead.
Christopher G. Van Ens: Thank you for joining us for UDR's Second Quarter Financial Results Conference Call. Our second quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. [Operator Instructions] Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to UDR's second quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. I will cover 4 topics today: first, our quarterly performance and recent guidance grade; second, multifamily fundamentals; third, our expanding relationship with MetLife; and lastly, the continued execution of our 3-year strategic plan. The second quarter was strong across all aspects of our business. Both earnings per share and operations outperformed versus our expectations, as well as we completed a number of transactions and finances. As a result, we raised earnings per share and same-store guidance into late June. Herzog and Jerry will provide more details on their prepared remarks on the quarter and the recent guidance increase. All in, we were very pleased with the first half of 2013 and the way it played out and look forward to more of the same for the balance of 2013. Nationally, multifamily fundamentals remain healthy. Demand continues to be driven by improving employment and positive demographics. New multifamily supply have increased from the trough as expected, but permitting trends now appear to be leveling off. In the vast majority of UDR's markets, demand and supply dynamics appear favorable, with 21 of our 23 markets expected to create at least 5 jobs for every new apartment home over the next 3 years. The national single-family market has also improved from its recessionary lows, albeit with some support from institutional investors. UDR's markets remain more sheltered than most from this improvement given the relative unaffordability and higher-propensity rent. In our coastal markets, the recent increase in interest rates in conjunction with the rising single-family home prices has significantly increased down payment requirements and monthly mortgage payments. As a result, our move-out to home purchases remain favorable at 13.4% in the quarter, still well below UDR's 15% long-term average. Given the recent rise in interest rates, numerous market participants have asked us how the potential future increases might impact apartment values. First, there remains significant investor interest in multifamily space, especially on the coast for high-quality assets. NOI continues to grow at an above-average rate, both good signs for near-term stability and valuations. Offsetting this, in part, is the recent rise in interest rates, which could negatively impact cap rates. Higher quality urban assets are less likely to be affected, but there have not been enough trades to form a definitive conclusion. Under the assumption that any further increase in interest rates is driven by a strengthening economy, apartment cash flows and related values prove resilient over the long term and fare better than most of the property sectors given: A, their short-term lease duration; and B, the related impact of homeownership cost increases. So does the evolving interest rate landscape change our capital deployment strategy? The short answer is no. We anticipated that rates would increase in our 3-year plan, and we continue to see good opportunities in our targeted submarkets and above-average profit margins for development and redevelopment. Should this change, we will revisit our strategy. Next, a few comments on our expanding relationship with MetLife. In late June, we announced 2 separate transactions. First, the formation of an operating development partnership for a significant portion of our Vitruvian Park master plan communities located in North Dallas. And second, a swapping of ownership interest in certain UDR/MetLife I JV assets that increased our ownership to 50% in 2 high-quality, high-rise communities located in Denver and San Diego. We are excited to be expanding our relationship with MetLife. They're a partner we are very familiar with, and they are committed to the multifamily space and can co-invest in all aspects of the apartment business. Finally, an update on our 3-year strategic plan. Feedback from market participants continues to be universally positive. Now 2 quarters in, operating and cash flow growth are ahead of plan, and we continue to expect significant growth and value accretion from our development and redevelopment platforms. Herzog and Jerry will provide you with more details on these transactions and activities in their prepared remarks. Our team remains highly focused on executing the 3-year strategic plan, which we continue to believe will drive strong NAV and cash flow per share growth in the future With that, I will pass the call over to Tom Herzog.
Thomas M. Herzog: Thanks, Tom. There are a number of topics I will cover today. First, our second quarter results; second, a balance sheet update; third, an overview of our recently announced transactions with MetLife; fourth, an update on insurance recoveries from Hurricane Sandy; fifth, a reiteration of how we look at development yields; and lastly, our third quarter and full year 2013 guidance. I'll begin with our second quarter results. FFO per share was $0.37. After deducting a $0.01 benefit from Hurricane Sandy insurance recoveries and taking into account the effects of rounding, FFO as adjusted per share was $0.35. The $0.01 of upside versus the midpoint of our previous FFO as adjusted guidance was primarily driven from better-than-expected same-store and non-same-store operations. Second quarter AFFO per share was $0.31 and benefited from a lower amount of CapEx spend anticipated during the quarter, which again was due to timing. We continue to target $1,020 in maintenance CapEx per home in 2013. Turning now to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our financial leverage on a historical cost basis was 39%. On a fair value basis, it was 29%. Our net debt-to-EBITDA was 6.9x following the recent closing of the Vitruvian Park transaction with MetLife. And we anticipate that it will remain near this level through year-end 2013 as non-income earning assets come online. As of the end of the second quarter, we had no remaining outstanding debt maturities in 2013. Our improving balance sheet has not gone unnoticed. Recently, Moody's affirmed the company's credit rating of Baa2 and changed its outlook from stable to positive. We ended the quarter with $769 million of available liquidity through a combination of cash and undrawn capacity on our credit facilities. Next, as Tom highlighted in his opening remarks, in late June, we announced 2 separate transactions with MetLife. The Vitruvian Park transaction included the formation of an operating partnership, which comprises of Savoye, Savoye II and Fiori communities, and a development partnership made up of 28.4 acres of land in the Vitruvian master plan. The operating partnership transacted at a weighted average NOI cap rate of approximately 5% and total transaction proceeds of approximately $200 million. Note that the 997 legacy Vitruvian Park homes, 13 million of its developable land and the freestanding commercial real estate on the site were not included in the partnership transaction. The second MetLife transaction involved exchange of ownership interest in certain UDR/MetLife I joint venture communities. We increased our ownership interest in 2 high-rise -- 2 high-quality high-rises located in Denver and San Diego from 15% to 50%. Both of which are in underallocated core markets. Now we relinquished our 10% ownership interest in 4 communities. Further details for both MetLife transactions are available on our second quarter earnings release filed this morning and in the transaction press release filed on June 25. Moving on, an update on our insurance recoveries from Hurricane Sandy. Our original damage estimate of $28 million to $32 million remains intact. To date, we have recovered $20 million of the $24 million we have submitted for hurricane damages and business interruption losses. Next, we expect to deliver approximately 39% of our development pipeline in the second half of 2013. As we have had a few questions on how we calculate stabilized yields on development, I wanted to take a moment to explain the computation. Expected stabilized yields on development are calculated as: projected stabilized NOI, including the charge for management fees, divided by construction cost. The stabilization period for development projects is defined as: the full 12-month NOI commencing 1 year following the delivery of the final home of the project. You may note that these definitions in Attachment 16 of our supplement have been enhanced but for clarification purposes only. The way in which we calculate such estimated yields remains unchanged. On a trended basis, the weighted average yield for our pipeline continues to be in the range of 6% to 6.5%. On to 2013 guidance. In our release this morning, we increased our full year FFO per share guidance for $1.40 to $1.44 from a previous $1.39 to $1.43, so it reflects a $0.01 benefit from recently received Hurricane Sandy insurance recoveries in excess of previously established receivables. As a reminder, we previously increased full year FFO per share, FFO as adjusted per share, AFFO per share and same-store guidance at the same time as our announcement of the MetLife transactions in late June. Our full year FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance estimates remain unchanged from our June increase, at $1.36 to $1.40 and $1.20 to $1.24, respectively. Our same-store guidance also remains unchanged from our June update with full year revenue expected to go at 4.5% to 5%, expenses at 2.75% to 3.25% and NOI at 5.25% to 6%. Other changes to various guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15 or Page 27 of our supplement. For the third quarter of 2013, we are providing guidance for both FFO and FFO as adjusted of $0.33 to $0.35 per share. AFFO guidance is $0.28 to $0.30 per share. Lastly, during the quarter, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.235 per share or $0.94 when annualized, our 163rd consecutive quarterly common dividend paid. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis: Thanks, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks, I'll cover the following topics: second quarter operating results; I will also provide an update on our development lease-ups and redevelopment projects. We are pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the second quarter, same-store net operating income grew 6.8%, driven by a 5.2% year-over-year increase in revenue against a 1.6% increase in expenses. Real estate tax increases of almost 9% were offset by a reduction in repairs and maintenance expense, as well as lower marketing costs. Same-store revenue per occupied home increased by 5% year-over-year to $1,472 per month, while same-store occupancy of 96.1% was 20 basis points higher year-over-year. On a total portfolio basis, including our pro rata share of joint ventures, our revenue per occupied home was $1,602 per month. Sequentially, second quarter net operating income increased by 2.7%, representing typical seasonality. This was driven by a 2% increase in revenue against expense growth of 40 basis points. Turning to new and renewal lease rates. In the second quarter, effective rental rate increases on new leases at our same-store communities increased by 4.3% on average, and renewal rate growth remains strong at 5.4%. Specifically in New York, our communities that were impacted by Hurricane Sandy are fully back on track. Annualized turnover in the second quarter decreased by 230 basis points year-over-year to 55.4%. I'll remind everyone that turnover is highly seasonal and peaks in the second and third quarters during the spring and summer leasing seasons. Rent as a percentage of our tenants' income held steady at roughly 17%, similar to where it has been over the past several -- past few years. Next, our development and redevelopment programs, along with our same-store will drive our anticipated cash flow growth over the coming years. During the quarter, we've spent $133 million on development and redevelopment projects. I am pleased to report that our development lease-ups remain on plan and our redevelopments continue to command the rental rate increases we anticipated. Some lease-up specifics. Our recently completed 255-home, $126 million Capitol View on 14th community in Washington, D.C., is currently 91% leased and 90% occupied. The project is on schedule, on budget and leasing up on plan. Until the past month or so, we had experienced negligible impact from impending new supply in the U Street Corridor of D.C. However, competing product did begin to pre-lease during the quarter. As Herzog indicated in his prepared remarks, Fiori at Vitruvian Park is now owned 50-50 in a partnership with MetLife. This 391-unit, $98 million project in North Dallas is currently 27% leased and 17% occupied. Our 467-home, $150 million residences at Bella Terra development in Huntington Beach, California, is currently 50% leased and 31% occupied. The project is on budget, on schedule and leasing up well ahead of plan. To date, we have not had to offer any concessions on any of the leases. Lastly, our 256-home, $65 million Domain College Park development, located across the street from the University of Maryland's business school, is currently 39% leased and 13% occupied. The project is on schedule, on budget and leasing up on plan. Turning to our redevelopments. First, a recently completed 583-home, $36 million Westerly on Lincoln redevelopment in Marina del Rey, California. The renovated homes at this project averaged a 20% rental rate increase over pre-renovation rent over the life of the property, and demand remains strong for our upgrades. Currently, the property is 98% leased and 96% physically occupied. Second, our 706-home, $60 million Rivergate redevelopment in Manhattan. As of quarter end, we have completed the redevelopment of 288 homes. On these homes, we have averaged a 13% rental rate increase. The property is currently 95% leased and 93% occupied. Lastly, our 964-home, $75 million, 27 Seventy Five Mesa Verde redevelopment is in Costa Mesa, California. As of quarter end, we have completed the redevelopment of 356 homes and we'd also built a 12,000-square-foot amenity building and a resort-style pool. On these homes, we have averaged a 25% rental rate increase. For those of you that have toured 27 Seventy Five, you understand that it's truly a transformational project. With that, I'll open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jana Galan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jerry, I was wondering if you can follow-up on the expenses in the quarter and particularly we saw a pretty good decrease in R&M. I was curious if that was just kind of led to timing of items last year or if you're starting to see some of your technology initiatives take hold?
Jerry A. Davis: It's really a little of both. A little bit's timing from last year, but most of it is the technology and other initiatives we've been doing to make our service teams more efficient in the way they do their business. And by making them more efficient, they're then able to bring more of the third-party services that we've historically vended out in-house. Those include automation, we've given all of our service guys a handheld device now that they can receive service requests without having to come into the office. And secondly, they're able to do their timekeeping online instead of having to walk all the way back to the office to punch in and out for breaks and for lunch. Lastly, I would tell you we've really started managing our people to labor standards, comparing different people, telling them what the expectation is of how long each task should take and that's helped make them more efficient, too. So it's predominantly that.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just turning over to San Diego, you had some very impressive rent growth in the quarter there. I was just wondering if you're finally starting to see those job gains help apartment demand or is something else is going on during the quarter?
Jerry A. Davis: I think San Diego is picking up a bit, but our numbers are really inflated. We only have 2 properties on our same-store pool there, it's only about 300 units. But one of the properties on Oceanside is -- it has a tax-exempt bond that expired about 1.5 year on it. You have to wait 1 year after that to increase the rent on the 20% of the residents that really benefited from below-market rate units. So after we waited that 1-year period really to bring those 20% up to market, that's probably driven the outsize growth a little bit more than improvement in the market. But the market has...
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Joseph with Citigroup.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: What are you seeing in terms all-in rates for unsecured debt and how has that changed over the past few months with the increasing rates?
Warren L. Troupe: Nick, this is Warren. I think our all-in rates on our -- on the tenure, we're looking right about kind of a 4.2% to 4.4% range. Spreads have tightened a little bit. We're in the 160 to -- 150 to 160 range, and obviously the tenure has gone up and down over the last month or so.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, I guess a bigger-picture question. How do you balance the attractiveness of JV capital against the additional complexities associated with the partnerships?
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, I mean, when we think about joint venture capital, there are a variety of different benefits. For one, at times it could be trading at a price that's different from your NAV. And that provides an opportunity for bringing in funds at a cost-effective rate. Another is, it gives you the opportunity to tackle bigger deals by bringing -- and I'm assuming you're talking specifically about us, the deals that we did with MetLife. And with them we've got a long-term investor that is interested in multifamily. They like development. We have a long history with them. They prefer lower leverage. From our perspective, it also provides a good source of fees. So as I think about the size of the program and at what point it becomes too big, certainly, at a $500-or-so million equity investment in JVs, and call that $1 billion or so of real estate, against the $13 billion asset base for the company, we think it's still relatively very much in line and not too large at all. We consider it a net plus.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Toti with Cantor Fitzgerald.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: I just have a couple of general questions. Tom, in particular when you talk about the focus on urban concentrations I kind of understand the -- why they're compelling from a rank-growth perspective and sort of a -- in a kind of defensive positioning. Do you grow concerned that at some point there can be a liability on the urban locations relative to move-out rates because of the particulars of demographics you're targeting?
Thomas W. Toomey: It's a fair question. I guess, time will yield an answer that we can look back on. Our view would be is that the urban setting, if you look at most demographic studies, this is where that 20- to 35-year-old age cohort is moving to the secured jobs and be around that lifestyle that they want. And I suspect that they're going to be renters for a longer period of time in that urban setting. If you specifically look at our market mix, you can see we've diversified across both coasts on an urban platform, if you will; trying to insulate against economic's ups and downs, but focusing on submarkets with a higher propensity to rent and a higher income bracket. We think that combination of characteristics over the long term will enable us to grow cash flow, grow NAV and deliver better returns that are available in the marketplace or what would be available in a boom-bust-type portfolio in a suburban setting.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Given that focus, and I know you -- this has been a particular strategy for the company for some time, do you guys experiment at all with adding services to those particular sites where you have that target demographic and concentration? Outside of the sort of standard cable and whatnot, is there a way to sort of package a real sort of secondary fee stream for these tenants given the preferences of that demographic?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, David, this is Jerry. We've looked a little bit into that. Most of these properties will have concierge-type services, a doorman, at several of the properties especially the ones we have in the MetLife joint venture. We have valet parking services. We have started to experiment a bit with offering other types of concierge-type services to better accommodate our resident base and really sell them time that we can do some of their personal errands for them. We're really in the beginning stages of that. But we are finding with that higher-end demographic, probably not some of those urban guys that are more working class, but at the higher end, I think they do value their time and have excess funds and they would appreciate that. So we are looking into it.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then my last question, and I apologize if I missed this, but did you guys talk about the specifics to the Texas market today? Seems to be growing concerns about supply. Some of the numbers look a little softer on a year-over-year basis. What are your views on the Texas markets for the next 6 to 12 months?
Jerry A. Davis: Well, this is Jerry again. Texas right now is holding up. It decelerated slightly from 1Q to 2Q. We operate in Dallas, both in up to North Dallas, Plano, as well as Addison and in uptown. And right now, supply is becoming an issue especially in uptown, a little bit up north, but job growth to date has been able to offset it. As we look over the next couple of years, we do anticipate job growth of at least 5:1 to new developments. So it probably won't be able to sustain the 7% to 10% year-over-year [indiscernible] in the last year or 2, but I still think it's going to be strong. I don't see it getting overbuilt. I think Austin, you're also seeing very high job growth, especially in the tech sectors. Apple's doubling their workforce, Samsung has built a $4 billion plant expansion there. There is a lot of new supply, as everybody knows, coming into Austin. Most of our properties are in the direct line of it. When you really go tour that downtown area, a lot of it is -- a lot of the new supplies coming up down on the South Lamar Street corridor. But when you're downtown, where our joint venture with MetLife at Ashton Austin is. We probably have the nicest product in town and we're not seeing a lot of competition there. And our other product in Dallas is more the B, B+ grade, and we're not competing directly with the new product.
Thomas W. Toomey: Yes, it's Tom Toomey. I might add that just -- I think it's your typical cycle in Texas, which is you've got a very good run up in rents. There was not much supply. And what's happened recently is move-out of homeownership is going to kick in a little bit and supply. But for us, in our view in the long-term basis, Dallas and Austin are both great cities for job machines. There is where the economy is going to continue to prosper across many different employment basis. And so I think it's still a very good long-term market. It's just going through one of those minor adjustment periods and we'll probably see a good '14 out of it, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Stevenson with Macquarie.
Robert Stevenson - Macquarie Research: While we're on Texas, can you remind us when does the window for the debt repayment on the Texas JV open up? And what's the current thinking about what you guys are going to do with that?
Warren L. Troupe: This is Warren. The window, it opens in December 2014. I think we would discuss that with our partner both [indiscernible].
Robert Stevenson - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then, Tom. What's the thought on the development pipeline now in terms of new starts? I mean, you're sitting here the 6, 6.5 yield on the current pipeline. When you take a look at the next projects in the queue, where are the -- given rising construction costs and financing costs, et cetera, where's the return sort of penciling out if you guys wanted to start those today? And what do you think you're starting between now and the end of the year?
Harry G. Alcock: Rob, this is Harry. We don't expect any additional starts in 2013. And if you look on Attachment 11, you can see that we have several land sites in our portfolio, both wholly-owned and in MetLife, many of which will be used to backdoor existing pipeline. We're actively working for the design and approval processes and would expect to start number of new projects in 2014. But remember costs are rising, but rents are also rising. We won't start a project unless we achieve a meaningful spread over market cap rates, at least 100 basis points on an untrended basis. So it's really -- it's asset-specific. The -- and the spread between the expected yield versus the expected market cap rate is something we look at closely. Today's spreads are relatively high. We think we have a little bit of cushion, but we will underwrite each of these assets before we start construction.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb from Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just a few quick questions here. First, and maybe I'm just not really good at math and maybe I'm just missing a few things, but if you -- if we look at the MetLife JV, its $290 million is gross. And it looks like if you stabilize the -- forgive my pronunciation, Fiori deal? It looks like there's about $8.6 million of NOI coming off of that on an annualized basis, which would imply sort of a 3 cap. But if we used the 5 cap that's cited, that says that the development portion of that JV was valued at about $120 million. So $172 million for the 3 assets and $120 million for the development. Can you just walk through like what I may be missing in these calculations, or is that, in fact, the right way to look at it?
Thomas M. Herzog: This is Herzog. Alex, your math -- there are a lot of numbers flying around there. But I do get your point, is that you're looking at what the cap rate was in the MetLife I transaction when we completed it and what does it look like today based on some of the transactions that are taking place. I guess I would describe it this way. The transactions that have been taking place have been swapped transactions, so that we and our MetLife partner could both increase our ownership and assets that fit our individual portfolio needs. And it really -- the whole transaction was more than a collection of assets. It really involved more the relationship, the options that were in place, development potential, et cetera. So as we look at the overall transaction, there's a lot more going on than just that. But as to the specific detail of what you're looking at on the cap rate, I'd have to look at the detail to see what you're referencing.
Warren L. Troupe: This is Warren. I think when you look at that deal, that deal was structured as a portfolio trade rather than disposition of individual assets. And they have their own specific allocation requirements and we are pretty much ambivalent. So when we look at it, it was just a $290 million trade.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Right, but you guys cited a 5 cap. So I'm just curious, the 5 cap would imply the part of the Vitruvian, those 3 assets, were value at $172 million. I just want to make sure, is that math right or am I missing something?
Harry G. Alcock: Alex, this is Harry. I'd have to look at your math, but Fiori is still a lease up. So my guess is you're looking in a non-stabilized revenue stream with a -- and applying a cap rate to that. If you apply a stabilized NOI to Fiori you'll get a number that's meaningfully higher than that.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. We can go offline. I was using a stabilized, but we can go offline. The second thing is just looking at the back half of the guidance, you guys have done 6.4% year-to-date, but your full year NOI guidance is 5% to 6%. So where in the portfolio are you expecting more of the slowdown that's going to bring the NOI down for the back half the year?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes. I'll take that, Alex, this is Jerry. Really let's look at it in 2 pieces. First, revenue. Through the first half the year, we've had results of 5.2% growth. So to get to the midpoint -- or the high point of our guidance, which is 5%, that means the second half would need to come in at about 4.8%. I can tell you based on what we're seeing today, what we expect to see the rest of the year, we're comfortable with that guidance. Our expectation is revenue will be near the high end. When you look at the expense side, year-to-date through June, we're at 2.6%. And to get to the midpoint of 3%, we need to average 3.4% in the second half of the year. I'd say we have 2 factors that could get us there. One, real estate taxes continue to be somewhat of an unknown. We've gotten valuations in on about half of our portfolio, but we still don't have them in for California or Florida, which make up 40% to 50%. And the second is we had a pretty favorable -- difficult comps in the second half of last year to compare to. So when you really see what could drive it, the biggest unknown right now is still real estate taxes.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: But isn't -- California is Prop 13, so why would the real estate tax be unknown?
Jerry A. Davis: It is Prop 13 but there's still the potential that some of our Prop 8 adjustments that we had in prior years haven't totally been factored in.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. So if I heard you correctly, the downside to NOI in the back half is more expense related not revenue related?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, I think so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just given that we're halfway through the year, can you give us an update on where you stand with the remaining dispositions in your guidance?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, we've got about $100 million of dispositions remaining. So that's where we're at in the second half. We have the $145 million or so with the Tribune [ph] transaction and then there's another $100 million on top of that.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Are those actively being marketed or...
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, we're in progress on a number of fronts and feel good about that number.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So that would be like a fourth quarter closing and kind of expected?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, that's probably either late third or probably early fourth quarter.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my second question for Jerry, did you give July leasing trends? And also in previous calls you've given a loss -- a gain or loss lease statistic. Can you give us where that is for the portfolio? And then curious where the D.C. market is on that?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, I can give you parts of that. I'll probably get the D.C. part later, I don't have that with me but in a follow-up, I'll give you that offline. Loss to lease as of the end of the quarter was about 4% for the portfolio. And as far as leasing trends through today, for the month of July, new leases are up about 4.3% to 4.4%. Reno [ph] was up probably right at that 5%, 6% level. And as of today, our physical occupancy in the same-store portfolio is 96.3%.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up to that, if I may. Also on the guidance, if you look at the run rate for the first half of the year in G&A versus the back half, seems like there's a pretty substantial increase in G&A in the back half of the year. Could you talk about what's going to drive that?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes, there were a couple of different things, Mike. Part of it is just timing items such as personnel, health care, legal costs, costs associated with software development, et cetera. And the other part of it is due to timing on incentive comp-type programs, just based on the way that the accounting works. Because the program was set up in February, there's no expense in the first month, for instance. And then certain components of it will be more heavily loaded in the second half of the year. So from a G&A perspective, it's still relatively just timing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So, Jerry, I guess just a quick follow-up question on expenses. Can you talk about the 9% year-over-year real estate tax growth? How did that compare expectations? And where do you see the most pressure across your portfolio for conversations that are underway today outside of -- was it California and Florida?
Jerry A. Davis: It's roughly at expectations. We were right up around that 9% level in our budgets this year, so no huge changes yet. But like I said, we still haven't heard about California and Florida. I think Florida probably is where most of the conversation will come. We've already talked to Texas, Virginia, places like that. But I think most of it's going to come in Florida.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: All right. And another one for Warren or Tom. On the new MetLife Vitruvian JV, the one with the Savoye and Fiori assets, can you discuss generally the nature and scope of fees from the JV? And also the long-term return required to hit and to promote there?
Warren L. Troupe: Yes, Haendel, this is Warren. In terms of the fees, it's structured pretty much like our existing one on MetLife II. There's a property management fee, there's a financing fee or pretty much market. As we do development, there will be development asset management fees. In terms of promote, there's not a promote structure in that. It's a 50-50 JV.
Haendel Emmanuel St. Juste - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And one more related to that. Can you discuss timing early thoughts for the other -- in the press release, the other 2,500 homes and 50,000 square feet of retails you plan to build out?
Warren L. Troupe: I'll start and let Harry really address that. We're in active discussions right now with MetLife over the future development of Vitruvian. And I will tell you they're very excited about developing that and making our master plan come fruition.
Harry G. Alcock: Yes. Haendel, this is Harry. In addition to talking to MetLife, we are beginning the design and planning process for the next phase. When that comes to fruition, I don't know. It'll be our first development deal with Met, so we're sort of testing each other out a little bit as we work through the planning process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of David Bragg with Green Street Advisors.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: So just comparing your guidance for the year to the 3-year plan that you had laid out. It appears as though with the stock trading at a discounted NAV, you've been able to remove your equity needs for 2013, and in doing so, have increased dispositions, cut back a little bit on development spending and redev spending. If the discount persists into 2014 and '15, is this the playbook that we should look for you to follow in terms of a deviation from the 3-year plan?
Thomas M. Herzog: As far as the adjustment to the guidance as a result of the Vitruvian transaction, we did bring enough cash to remove the equity issuance that we had previously included. If our price went back up above NAV, we still could raise some of that equity. As far as cutting the development or redevelopment though, that had nothing to do with the current conditions. That's just been the timing of the spend that we've had within the programs. So as I look forward into 2014 and 2015, there's really nothing that's changed in our plan relative to the Vitruvian or market conditions at this point.
David Bragg - Green Street Advisors, Inc., Research Division: Right. But, Tom, if you go through 2014 and '15 and the stock's at a discount over that time frame, looking at the, I think, would be $350 million to $450 million of equity issuance in your 3-year plan, what are the levers -- could you just talk through the levers that you'd pull to offset that?
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, one of the big ones is we still have about $400 million of non-core assets that could be utilized to create some funding. We have some warehouse assets of a much larger size that could be utilized, that we're in no hurry to liquidate, but that stands as a possibility. So again, as we look forward, we've got a number of different sources of funding that could be brought in. Equity, it could be debt, it could be joint ventures, and of course, the sales of noncore-type assets. So -- and on top of that, we've got, not that we would intend to use it, but in a shorter term, we still do have a sizable amount of capacity on our revolver. So there's a lot of different funding that we could use as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. Please continue with any closing comments.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, thank you, all of you for taking the time this morning or this afternoon. And certainly, we feel good about the business, feel good about our 3-year strategic plan and the execution of it. And we're seeing good, strong fundamentals in the business. And we see that continuing for some long period of time and are enjoying the benefits of it, and you'll see us continue to focus on execution. And with that, we'll see you shortly.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. If you'd like to listen to o replay of today's conference, please dial 1 (800) 406-7325 or (303) 590-3030, and enter the access code of 4628403. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-30 15:15:00) =====
Executives: Christopher G. Van Ens - Vice President - IR Thomas W. Toomey - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Thomas M. Herzog - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Jerry A. Davis - Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President of Property Operations Harry G. Alcock - Senior Vice President of Asset Management
Analysts: Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Robert Stevenson - Macquarie Research Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Paula J. Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Dave Bragg Haendel St. Juste
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to UDR's First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn conference over to Chris Van Ens, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Christopher G. Van Ens: Thank you for joining us for UDR's first quarter financial results conference call. Our first quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risk and risk factors are detailed in this morning's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. [Operator Instructions] Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you, Chris. And good morning, everyone, and welcome to UDR's first quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Chief Operating Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock, who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. Multifamily fundamentals remain strong. Job growth continues at a slow and steady pace, while new supply remains manageable in the majority of our markets. Third-party research providers estimate that 5 new jobs are required to generate demand in 1 apartment home. Using this relationship, 18 of our 20 markets are expected to have more than sufficient demand to fully absorb the new multifamily supply that is forecast to come online over the next 3 years. Single-family housing is clearly recovering, but move-outs to home purchases remain contained at less than 12%, still well below the long-term average of 15%. From our investment perspective, the amount of capital looking to participate in the multifamily sector remains deep. This has kept cap rates stable, which in turn continues to propel above-average profit margins for development and redevelopment investments. Over the coming years, we expect the majority of these macro tailwinds to persist, especially for UDR, which owns a portfolio primarily concentrated in coastal gateway markets for multifamily renters who want to live and work where alternative housing options are relatively unaffordable and where long-term new supply pressures are below average. In February, we presented a 3-year strategic plan for the company. The plan focuses on driving high-quality cash flow per share growth over the coming years. We believe that cash flow growth is the primary driver of NAV per share growth, dividend growth and ultimately, total shareholder return. The team is highly focused on executing our plan. What does high-quality cash flow per share growth mean to UDR? First, growth that is driven by capitalizing on what we do best, operating our business to generate strong top line results but also controlling expenses in an efficient manner. Second, growth that is augmented by accretive investments. Currently, development and redevelopment are the most attractive of these pursuits. Our $1.2 billion pipeline, of which 43% is expected to be delivered in 2013, is nearly 52% funded and is comprised of projects in desirable locations that will help drive high-quality cash flow growth per share in the coming years. Lastly, growth that is achieved while realizing our long-term leverage objectives. As we addressed on our last call, we are comfortable with our current balance sheet but expect that organic NOI growth and the delivery of our development and redevelopment pipeline over the coming years will further deleverage the company. In addition, we will continue to look for other ways to improve our balance sheet metrics through non-dilutive activities over time. I'd like to congratulate Jerry and his operating team for strong results they produced in the first quarter and for great execution during the initial quarter of our 3-year strategic plan. 2013 is continuing to look like it will be another strong operating year for us. We are excited to share our success with you as it unfolds. With that, I will pass the call over to Tom Herzog.
Thomas M. Herzog: Thanks, Tom. There are several topics I will cover today: first, first quarter results; second, our balance sheet update; third, an update on insurance recoveries from Hurricane Sandy; fourth, a change to our income statement presentation; and lastly, our second quarter and full year 2013 guidance. Let me begin with our first quarter results. FFO per share was $0.35. After deducting a $0.01 benefit from Hurricane Sandy insurance recoveries, FFO as adjusted per share was $0.34. The $0.02 of upside versus the midpoint of our previous FFO as adjusted guidance was driven by a $0.01 from better-than-expected operations and another $0.01 from timing differences in G&A and other miscellaneous items. We expect these timing differences to reverse during the balance of the year. First quarter AFFO per share was $0.31 and benefited from $0.01 of lower CapEx spend than anticipated during the quarter, which again was due to timing. We continue to target $1,020 in maintenance CapEx per home in 2013. Turning now to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our financial leverage on a historic cost basis was 39%. On a market value basis, it was approximately 31%. Our net-debt-to-EBITDA was 7.3x, which remains on target with our plan. As a reminder, we anticipate that net-debt-to-EBITDA will peak at 7.5x toward the middle of the year and subsequently decline to 7.0x by year-end 2013 as non-income earning assets come online. We ended the quarter with $826 million of available liquidity through a combination of cash and undrawn capacity on our credit facilities. Next, an update on our insurance recoveries from Hurricane Sandy. Original damage estimate of $28 million to $32 million remains intact. To date, we have recovered $16 million or approximately 90% of the $17 million we have paid for hurricane damages incurred for rental income loss. Moving on, we have updated our income statement presentation in this quarter's and future 10-Qs and 10-Ks. Additionally, we conform Schedule 1 of our supplement to the income statement presentation in these filings. We adopted these changes to improve the flow of the schedule and increase comparability to how our peers' report On to 2013 guidance. We increased our full year FFO per share guidance to $1.36 to $1.42 from our previous $1.35 to $1.41 to reflect the $0.01 benefit from insurance recoveries in the first quarter. The full year FFO as adjusted and AFFO per share guidance remains unchanged at $1.33 to $1.39 and $1.17 to $1.23, respectively. We did not raise guidance to reflect our first quarter operational upside as we are only 1 quarter into the year and are still within our initial guidance ranges. Our same-store expectations for the year also remain unchanged. We will revisit our guidance on our second quarter call. For the second quarter 2013, we are providing FFO and FFO as adjusted guidance of $0.33 to $0.35 per share and AFFO guidance of $0.27 to $0.29 per share. As a reminder, primary guidance assumptions can be found on Attachment 15, Page 25 of our supplement. Lastly, during the quarter, we raised our annualized dividend per share to $0.94, a 7% increase versus our 2012 dividend. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis: Thanks, Tom, and good afternoon, everyone. In my remarks, I will cover the following topics: first quarter operating results; an update on our non-mature communities, development lease-ups and redevelopment projects; and lastly, an update on our New York operations. We are pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the first quarter, same-store NOI grew 6.3%, driven by a 5.4% year-over-year increase in revenue against a 3.4% increase in expenses. Our same-store revenue per occupied home increased by 5.4% year-over-year, $1,448 per month, while same-store occupancy was flat at 95.5%. On a total portfolio basis, including our pro rata share of joint ventures, our revenue per occupied home was $1,569 per month. Sequentially, first quarter NOI declined by 10 basis points, representing typical seasonality for the first quarter. This was driven by a 0.8% increase in revenue and expense growth of 2.7%. Turning to new and renewal lease rates. In the first quarter, effective rental rate increases on new leases at our same-store communities increased by 2.2% on average and renewal rate growth remained strong at 5.8%. Annualized turnover in the first quarter decreased by 130 basis points year-over-year to 45.5%. Moving on to our stabilized non-mature communities, detailed on Page 8 of our supplement. These properties account for 40% of our total non-same-store NOI, excluding joint ventures, and they are performing slightly ahead of plan. Our in-progress developments and redevelopments are an important driver of our anticipated cash flow growth over the coming years. During the quarter, we spent $111 million on development and redevelopment projects, including $2 million on our recent work completed, Capitol View on 14th development in Washington, D.C. I'm pleased to report that our development lease-ups are on plan and our redevelopments are commanding the rental rate increases we underwrote. Lease-up specifics. Our 255-home, $126 million Capitol View development in D.C. is currently 69% leased and 56% occupied. The project is on schedule, on budget and leasing up on plan. To date, we have yet to feel any negative impact from impending new supply in the U Street Corridor of D.C. Our 391-unit, $98 million Fiori on Vitruvian Park development in Addison, Texas is currently 10% leased, with the first home just being delivered a little over a week ago. The project is on schedule, on budget and leasing up on plan. Our 467-home, $150 million residences at Bella Terra development in Huntington Beach, California, is currently 17% pre-leased and does not deliver its first homes until mid-May. The project is on budget, on schedule and leasing up ahead of plan. To date, we have not had to offer any concessions on the first 77 leases. Lastly, our 256-home, $65 million Domain College Park development, located across the street from the University of Maryland's business school, is currently 11% pre-leased and does not deliver its first homes until June. The project is on schedule, on budget and leasing up on plan. Turning to our redevelopments. First, the 583-home, $36 million Westerly on Lincoln redevelopment in Marina del Rey, California. As of quarter end, we have completed the redevelopment of 424 homes. On these homes, we have averaged a 15% rental rate increase. The property is currently 98% leased and 96.4% physically occupied. Demand remains strong at the Westerly. Second, our 706-home, $60 million Rivergate redevelopment in Manhattan. As of quarter end, we have completed the redevelopment of 205 homes. On these homes, we have averaged a 12% rental rate increase. The property is currently 94% leased and 91% occupied. Lastly, our 964-home, $75 million redevelopment now called 27 Seventy Five Mesa Verde in Costa Mesa, California. As of quarter end, we completed the redevelopment of 220 homes. On these homes, we have averaged a 21% rental rate increase. Like all of our major redevelopments, 27 Seventy Five is truly a transformation project. Moving on to New York. On our last conference call, the update I provided was on our lower Manhattan communities, indicated that we expected to have occupancies and lease rates back to normal by the end of second quarter 2013. I'm pleased to report that this is occurring. Currently, occupancies at Rivergate, Hanover and 95 Wall are all comparable with pre-hurricane levels, and we are no longer offering concessions related to Sandy. I would like to thank our New York team for this impressive achievement. With that, I'll open up the call to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Jana Galan with Bank of America.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jerry, can you let us know what April is looking like for occupancy and new leases and the renewal rate growth and then what you're sending out for renewals?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. Thanks, Jana. Currently, occupancy, as of yesterday, for the same-store portfolio was 96%, probably averaged a little above that 95.5% that we had in the first quarter. And in the month of April, new lease rate growth is currently coming in at 3.4% growth. And renewals are coming in at about 5.4%. We're sending out renewals right now, 60 days out, right up around that 5.7%, 5.8% range.
Jana Galan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then, your D.C. results were better than I was expecting. I was curious, do you think it's due to maybe having less government-related tenants in your portfolio. Or anything that you can kind of surmise why D.C. is holding up really well for you?
Jerry A. Davis: I think it's a couple of things. First, I would tell you, I think, we have the best operating team in the industry in Washington, D.C. that helps us, every year, perform well above average. Secondly, I think our properties are located in submarkets that today are not seeing a whole lot of new deliveries affect them. There's 1 or 2 that -- submarkets we will feel the effect of new supply later this year, but we've been fortunate to this point to not really encounter that. And I'd say on the government workers, we do have 1 or 2 properties that have felt the effect of some of the sequester, but it hasn't been rampant throughout the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Toti, Cantor Fitzgerald.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Just a quick question. Some of your occupancy and turnover trends kind of bucked what we had seen in some other reports. Your occupancy stayed flat and your turn actually went a bit lower. Two questions, are there any specific regions where there was strength impacting those metrics? And number two, do you believe you left some rent on the table by maybe not being aggressive enough with the rent part of the equation?
Jerry A. Davis: I don't think we left anything on the table. I think our intent this year was to run the turnover roughly flat with last year, and we are still pushing renewals up to what the current market rate is, so I don't think we're really leaving any money on the table. And I would tell you there's a couple of markets where turnover decreased significantly. One was up in our Monterey Peninsula, another was -- which was down about 16%; Portland was down about 14%; and Richmond, Virginia was down about 7%. And then, we did see spikes in San Diego. It was up almost 20%. And a large part of that is we had a tax-exempt bond that matured about 1 year, 1.5 year ago that had 20% of -- that required 20% of the units to be low-income housing. That requirement went away at the end of last year, and we're in the process right now of retenanting those units with the conventional lease rates.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then my second question just has to do with technology. And you guys are sort of at the forefront of pushing a lot of the online service to your tenants as far down as the phones. Do you think you've kind of maxed out the technology impact at this point? Or are there other things that you're working on that you think you might get some additional financial benefits from?
Jerry A. Davis: We definitely don't think we've tapped it out. There's -- online leasing should be rolling out. We've been beta testing it for the last 4 to 6 months. We're ready to do a full rollout as we go into leasing season so that'll be beneficial. We probably don't see it having the same penetration rate that we've achieved on our online renewals, which are up around 80%, but we think that'll help people make a decision, that 24/7 ability to lease a unit and enjoy self-service. The bigger impact though of what we're working on this year and then probably carry forward for the next 2 to 3 years is introducing technology into the service aspect of our business. Where we use handheld devices to enable our guys to get service requests mobile-y, to punch in and punch out their time on a handheld device, which will save us quite a bit of time. And we're also using different reports now that are in our property management system to better measure the effectiveness of all of our service teams. One thing that we've also started putting in several of our rehabs, as well as our new developments, are electronic locks that we find our resident base appreciates that and our service teams also appreciate it because there's not a need to go back and forth to the office to get keys or the need to re-key the lock every time somebody moves in or moves out, which is a huge time savings.
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Just one last question, if I can, Jerry. Have you guys experimented widely with trying to push through higher rental rates via the Internet-based applications versus sort of the traditional walk-ins and call-ins?
Jerry A. Davis: I'm not sure I understand the question. You're saying can I get higher rates because we have the electronic platforms for leasing?
David Toti - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Yes. Well, I guess, have you ever experimented with trying different rates through the different channels? Let's say, a walk-in really wants the apartment, do you offer higher rates there? Do you try to push the higher rates through the Internet, where the customers might be more accustomed increasingly to closing deals? I guess, have you experimented with the different tolerance levels in the customer base?
Jerry A. Davis: No, David. We've never done that. Whatever the rate is that we get from YieldStar for the given lease term, we would honor that regardless of how the person found us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nic Joseph with Citi.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: How did first quarter same-store revenue growth compare with your original expectations? It's early in the year, but I'm trying to get a sense where you're tracking relative to guidance.
Jerry A. Davis: Sure, this is Jerry again. It came in a little bit better, not materially. I would tell you the biggest surprise to us was fee income was higher than expected predominantly due to lease breaks, and that was caused not so much by people moving out for home purchase. As Tom said, that move-outs to home purchase was still at 11.8%, below our historical averages. But we believe it was more related to people needing to move for job transfers. So that was a little better than what we had expected, a couple of hundred thousand dollars, and we're hopeful that continues throughout the year, but it's hard to tell if it will.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, then. How does traffic trend, I guess, in the first quarter and what you've seen in April relative to historical averages?
Jerry A. Davis: Traffic actually is almost exactly flat. It's up 3 basis points, if you will. And through the month of April, it's continuing to track pretty even with what it was in 2012.
Nicholas Joseph - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then finally, you mentioned earlier, Tom, that development remains very attractive. So can you give us some numbers around kind of where the development yields are trending, initial yields, versus where you're seeing transaction cap rates in those markets?
Thomas M. Herzog: Sure. We -- on an untrended basis, we won't start a project unless we have sort of a meaningful variance to spot cap rates. That's going to be at least 100 to 150 basis points. As we've looked at our trended results of between 6% and 6.5% where the average spot cap rates in those markets are perhaps 4.5%, we've got 150- to 200-basis-point variance on our expected yield versus spot cap rates in those markets.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rob Stevenson with Macquarie.
Robert Stevenson - Macquarie Research: Jerry, can you talk about where first quarter, on the expense side, came in relative to expectations for snow removal and the other sort of seasonality things like utilities, et cetera?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. Expenses actually came in pretty close to budget. We were a little bit under, I think, utilities expense due to the first part of the season being a little warmer than normal and many of our markets was down. Snow removal really didn't affect me much on a same-store basis because most of the snow that hit us was up in the Boston area. And the impact of that I felt more in my MetLife JV assets. The one -- I've got 3 assets up there that are in my fort, that are in my same-store, one is actually an urban property with no snow removal costs. So snow removal was not a big player in my numbers.
Robert Stevenson - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then, Tom, just back to the development question. I mean, you're sitting here, just on the development side with $1 billion pipeline. A lot of it's going to be delivered this year. When you look out and sort of see how the market is, sort of pricing development or underpricing development opportunities, is it a situation where you think about it and you steer the pipeline down or just let it burn down from projects coming off or you look at it as an opportunity and going to continue to maintain a sort of $1 billion development pipeline going out the next year until the economy starts weakening?
Thomas M. Herzog: So Rob, first, we operate in 20 markets, and each market has its own cycle, with respect to the size and the annual spend on our development pipeline. First of all, is you're going to look at what our cost capital is versus what the opportunity is. And as we articulated in our 3-year strategic plan that we published in February, we'd like to keep the numbers somewhere between $300 million and $600 million on an annual spend basis. Projects typically take 3 years. So you can see that we're probably going to average right around $1 billion, $1.2 billion in total pipeline over the next 3-year period. We think we have enough in the shadow pipeline in the right markets that are stacking well up on the supply/demand equation for us, and we'll continue to execute at that level. We'll wait and see how the cost of capital changes that, how cost of building deals changes that and the individual markets before announcing more starts.
Robert Stevenson - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then one for Harry. Have you been seeing any changes in the environment for dispositions, given the rumblings about changes at Fannie and Freddie?
Harry G. Alcock: Well, there continues to be tremendous demand for product in the marketplace. Cap rates, in general, for -- I mean, both for A and B product are flat or in some markets, are even down recently. I think more of the B market product is migrated down even more so than the A recently. The market fundamentals are still good, interest rates are still good, and there's a lot of demand for product in the market right now.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just a first question is on the mid-Atlantic. If you look on Page 18, you have your new lease rates versus the renewals. And in the mid-Atlantic, Baltimore, Richmond, Norfolk, the new rates were negatives, while the renewals were positives. And conceptually, I understand that you can push rents more on renewals. But as you think about the -- going out the balance of this year, do you expect this trend to continue or do you think that new rates you'll be able to make positive? Or what's going on in those 3 markets that's causing it? Is that sequester? Is that just more competition?
Jerry A. Davis: Yes, Alex, this is Jerry. I guess, first, I'd start they're smaller markets for us but still irrelevant. The question, I don't think it is sequester. I think it was just timing of what was happening with the expiring leases and what was happening with some of the new leases. What happened in the case of Richmond, for example, we had 1 property that had quite a few corporate leases roll-off late in 4Q and early 1Q. And those are typically shorter-term leases with premium prices, and we reloaded with 12-month leases on conventional renters. I can tell you in the month of April, Richmond, for example, new lease rates are up 2.1%, so they're not down anymore. In Norfolk, that's a military town, and again, you'll have cycles with folks going out, folks coming in, things like that. I would expect new lease rates growth there to stay low. But again, in the month of April, it was flat, right at 0. And then in the case of Baltimore. Baltimore is a pretty weak market right now. There have been some government job cuts that have affected Baltimore, and there's also some new competition in a few of our submarkets, including Carlson, [ph] that have made it more difficult to push new rate on incoming people. And unfortunately there, I do have to report that in the month of April, I'm still negative at negative 1.6.%
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, for Mr. Herzog, I didn't want to say Tom and have confusion. Is -- on running the operating assets through the TRS through RE3, is there a time limit of how long you can run those through or this sort of accounting or tax say, "Hey, if you're operating, you have to move them back into the regular REIT?"
Thomas M. Herzog: No, there's no time limit on that, Alex.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. So they can ...
Thomas M. Herzog: From a -- go ahead.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: So indefinitely, you'll be booking these tax benefits or at a certain point, that somehow they reverse out or it burns off?
Thomas M. Herzog: Well, it gets into a tax strategy conversation, that's probably a little deeper than we'll get into on this call. But when we think about the type of assets that might end up in there, it would be, solvent assets were one optionality. There could have been some assets that had certain improvements that might have had the 2-year rule attached to them historically or condo-type assets that we've decided since to keep down in the TRS. It is producing this benefit. You will note from the 3-year strategy document that we do show that benefit ticking down over the next couple of years in 2014 and 2015. So I do see us -- seeing that number reduce over time through some tax strategy that we'll be employing over the next couple of years.
Alexander David Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And just to finish up there, does it make these assets more advantageous to sell or when it comes time to figure out which assets you want to prune, it's no different picking these assets versus other assets?
Thomas M. Herzog: It's really no different. There are strategies that we can employ that allow us to have a similar outcome.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just on the 11.8% move out to home purchase stat. Jerry, can you just give us what the sequential quarterly comparison is on that versus last quarter?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. Yes, last quarter, Karin, it was 13.4%.
Karin A. Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, helpful. And then just, Tom, just your thoughts on the single -- competition from the single-family market. It sounded like from your comments that you're continuing to think about it. Just wondering if you're feeling -- as we keep getting more and more positive data points on the recovery in the single-family market, that you're feeling increasing concern from competition there. It doesn't sound like it's manifesting itself in the stat yet, but is there something you're thinking about in the quarters ahead?
Thomas W. Toomey: Yes, Karin. A couple of points on this. I guess, first, I'd say, we've all lived through a period of time where single family was almost a predator of the apartment industry through lax lending and programs that were probably just not, and turned out to be, not right. I don't see that horizon turning, and that was a big fueling engine towards a lot of our results over the last decade, is fighting back homes. If you look over even a longer period horizon, I think homes will start to get back to the 1 million, 1.2 million start number. That's going to be concentrated a lot in the prior homebuilding markets. This exposure of this portfolio today doesn't quite carry the same exposure it has historically at all to that type of marketplace competition. So it seems to weigh less on our mind as a direct competitor because we're just not in those markets that much anymore. And so going future, I don't believe the housing policy in America, that what derailed us for the financial crisis is going to come back into vogue. And I'd see a nice balance, with a healthy recovery in the single-family market, driving jobs. We'll benefit from some of that, and I like our position on a long-term basis.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paula Poskon, Robert W. Baird.
Paula J. Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Jerry, just a follow-up on some of the expense commentary on Page 15 in the supplement. Just wondering what is sort of causing the huge swing or discrepancies between some of the submarkets within even the same region. So for example, Monterey expenses were up 10.5%, but San Diego was down 9.5% or similarly, Dallas is only up 4% but Austin, over 13%. So kind of what's driving those kinds of discrepancies within regions?
Jerry A. Davis: Well, Paula, frequently, most of the outliers tend to come from real estate taxes. Now there are some situations where it's lower or it's something else. For example, in the Monterey Peninsula, the bulk of that increase came from an increase in personnel because we are running that portfolio in the first quarter of last year with quite a few staff openings from natural turnover, plus in the fourth quarter of 2011, as the positions turned, we elected to keep them open for a prolonged period of time. Because it's our slower time of the year, we waded deep into the first quarter to really feel the need to reload that position. But I can tell you as I look at the reasons for all of either large increases or decreases, 80% of the time, it's real estate taxes, either something that happened this year where the valuation increased or last year, we potentially had a refund.
Paula J. Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's helpful, Jerry. And Tom, just a big-picture question for you. It's been a tremendous 5-year period of activity for UDR. Playing Monday morning quarterback, do you wish you had done anything differently? Or did everything pretty much play out according to plan?
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, Paula, I'm not one to kind of look in the rearview mirror and try to drive the ship towards the future based on what I would have done differently or not. I think we had a good 5-year period. I think we executed. We communicated. Probably, could have done a better job of communicating our activities, the long-term vision. And that led us to generate the 3-year plan. And clearly, articulate here is where the portfolio is, here's where the portfolio is headed. And we're extremely focused on executing that plan. And so I don't "Monday quarterback" a lot other than maybe the Bronco's safety and letting the ball get over his head. But with running the business, we're very focused on that plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Tom, first question. Just we're basically approaching May right now. As we think about disposition timing relative to your guidance, are you guys marketing anything right now and how do you expect that to play out? As well as additional development starts for the year. I know your guidance previously did not include any additional starts.
Harry G. Alcock: Mike, this is Harry. We -- even though we have some dispositions in our guidance, we're working on getting those projects in the market now. Again, as I mentioned earlier, there is terrific investor demand for the type of product we're going to be selling, so we don't anticipate any issues achieving our guidance. Second part of the question with respect to development starts, I think it would be -- it's unlikely that we're going to have any this year. Just given where we are in the entitlement and design process, I wouldn't expect any new starts until early next year.
Michael J. Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Just following up on that question then. As you think about -- I mean, consistent with your 3-year plan, kind of developed -- delivering kind of $300 million to $600 million annually. I mean, if you don't start projects in '13, it kind of leaves a hole there in terms of '15 deliveries. How should we think about kind of backfilling the pipeline, if that is? Or is it more -- can you guys take a kind of sit-back approach here looking at potential acquisition opportunities in kind of '15 and '16?
Jerry A. Davis: Mike, we've looked at that '15, a little bit of drop-off, and it will probably drop to the $300 million in that year would be kind of the run rate at this point. That doesn't mean that something might come out of the woodwork but I doubt it. With respect to acquisitions in that window of time, we always look at the acquisition markets, but we're going to weigh it against our cost of capital and weigh it against what we think we can do with the asset. And it's hard for me to forecast out what's going to be the environment in '15 given all the variables. But we continue to always examine it under that light.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So Tom, just kind of a first big-picture question. With Avalon and EQ Irvine, Archstone, do you see this sector kind of going the way the health care REIT sector has gone to a couple of very large companies and then a smaller rung. Or do you think that it's getting closer to a time where M&A, public-to-public M&A, could start to make sense in the space, to get bigger companies?
Thomas W. Toomey: Rich, it's hard for me to speculate on public M&A in this space. You know what it takes to be successful in that frontier, which is a cost of capital advantage, a G&A cut savings. And I just don't know how those line up in other people's minds. We're focused on our 3-year plan. We'll continue to execute on that. With respect to the debt markets and taking companies private, you're seeing large pools of capital rates. That's probably one of the things that they are looking at is same REITs are cheap compared to private market valuations, leverages are out there and it's abundant and it's an attractive rate. That seems to be probably where I would tilt conversation more to -- than I would towards M&A activity.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So you don't feel any kind of anxiety about not being very large, relatively speaking, as a company?
Thomas W. Toomey: No, I think, Rich, very good question. We weighed, as part of our 3-year strategic plan, about the size and scope of our enterprise. And what our research indicated to us is the top 25 REITs have a distinct and a very tight bandwidth of cost of capital, and it's not very advantageous once you get out the top 5. So our focus and plan over the 3 years was to remain in the top 25 REITs in terms of equity and enterprise value, and we think that plan will sustain us in that range. And don't see the ambition toward getting in the top 5 and trying to create a cost of capital advantage. So I think we thought through that process. We'll continue to monitor the market and how it shifts. But that seems to be the historical trend. And I think it's probably going to be one that will project to the future very well in our view.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Another big picture, if I may. Have you ever worried or do you worry about any kind of regulatory pressures entering the system? You guys, as an industry, did very well pushing rents when we're in the midst of a recession. I'm curious if taking the foot off the accelerator a little bit from a rent perspective and maybe making your money through lower turn, lower CapEx is a model you think that we could be someday approaching as a means to not have that regulatory conversation start to happen. Is that something you would consider?
Thomas W. Toomey: No, we continue to monitor it. And I will say that Washington, no one ever sleeps while they're in session. On a state and local level where we do see, from time-to-time, fights on rent controls, it seems, in the end, cities are looking at it from a longer-term perspective and realizing rent control environments do not bring new innovative product to their space, and they resist that. And they want that new innovative because they want to attract the younger, more vibrant workforce. And in our markets, we think that will win out over time, so I'm not overly concerned about rent control in the current environment. Trading off, turnover and rent increases, Jerry weighs that every time he prices a unit. And so we're always looking at it and saying, "We want this much traffic. We need to get this price point." We're going to always try to maximize the value of our assets, and if we feel like a market has reached a point or an asset has reached a point, we'll look at the alternatives. I mean, our job is to allocate capital, get the most out of it. And when that is exhausted, move on and find another place for that capital.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then last question, maybe for Tom -- I'm sorry, Mr. Herzog. The issue of holding assets in the TRS, could you just remind me if you can quantify what the kind of benefit is to FFO from doing that, if any? I just don't remember. Is there like a flow-through that you get because of that strategy?
Thomas M. Herzog: Yes. We have, in our guidance, a number, $12 million for 2013. It was in at, I think, $9 million for 2012 so that is the benefit that does flow through.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: That's just a tax benefit. Is that right?
Thomas M. Herzog: It was a tax benefit, correct.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Do you take it out when you look at operating FFO or whatever you call it?
Thomas M. Herzog: No, we don't. We did take out the removal of the valuation allowance last year. That was a carve-out that occurred in the first quarter, and that had been reduced from the FFO, the core FFO and for that matter, the FFO itself. But in the exact sense of itself, it does flow through.
Richard C. Anderson - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: It smelled a little bit like Archstone when they were booking gains because they did things in the TRS into FFO. I mean, is that kind of the path you want to go down from an FFO definition perspective? Any thought about just taking that out? It's a small number, why bother with it anyway?
Thomas M. Herzog: It's been something that was in our numbers, from a comparability perspective. We'll keep it in there. It is part of our run rate. Again, I do see that declining over the next couple of years, so we'll continue to present it as we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Bragg with Green Street Advisors.
Dave Bragg: I just wanted to follow-up on a couple of comments that you made and ask a question on it. Tom, you mentioned that the amount of capital in the multifamily space remains deep. Harry, I think you observed flat cap rates continuing, but we'd all agree that NOI growth outlooks are moderating. So to what extent do you observe that buyers are continuing to lower their return requirements? And are you noticing that from your JV partners specifically?
Thomas M. Herzog: This is Tom. I'll take a first shot at it, and let anybody else clean up on it. What I think of this is, first, there's lots of long-term yield-oriented investors out there that are interested and have been underexposed to multifamily and are gaining an appreciation for the asset class and are growing their asset base. And I think second buyers, the levered buyer who's taking advantage of extremely low rates continues to be deep and hunting a lot of the B-type portfolio, where they could add extra leverage. The institutional-quality, coastal A buyer, low-levered buyer, it's a safe haven for money in their view, and probably will continue to be buyers in the future. So I don't think they're overly concerned about a degregrading [ph] NOI curve when they look at the long-term alternatives and believe that coastal, high-quality urban product has a long-term growth trajectory, which is probably going to be more prevalent as we see costs rise for replacements, as well as NOIs. So I think they're in for the long-term haul, and I would expect the asset class to do well, not just in the public space, but in the private space.
Dave Bragg: Okay. And speaking of rising construction costs. It seems as though yours were pretty well contained with the exception of Mission Bay. A bit of an uptick there. Is that project-specific? And while we're touching on that, can you just comment on the supply outlook for that submarket?
Harry G. Alcock: Dave, this is Harry Alcock. With respect to Mission Bay specifically, that was project-specific. There's couple of reasons for it. One is we intentionally slowed the rate of unit deliveries, given that first units are scheduled for delivery in October so that added something to our carry costs. Second as we went through and assessed the project, we found that we could get paid for improving the quality of the product in a manner that will allow us to standout from our competitor. So we did things like added AC, we upgraded the unit interior finishes and we upgraded our wireless system. We did this whole thing in a lower cost environment, meaning that we expect that our costs, even with these upgrades, will be lower than competing developments or these changes did force a change in our overall reported development cost.
Jerry A. Davis: And Dave, this is Jerry. I think you had asked about supply coming. And what we're seeing is somewhere in the 1,000 to 1,500 units coming through the end of 2014 down in that Mission Bay submarket.
Dave Bragg: Okay, that's helpful. And on this project specifically, where do you see your rents on a per square foot basis coming out?
Harry G. Alcock: Well, we're going to be well above $3 a foot, well above $3.50 a foot. When we begin our lease-up here in the next 3 to 4 months, we will again look at rent expectations. As you probably know, the San Francisco market has been very, very strong. These units have continued to reprice, and we'll look at it again, but we'll be above $3.50 a foot.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Haendel St. Juste with Morgan Stanley.
Haendel St. Juste: So 2 questions. I want to go back to the comprehensive 3-year strategic plan that you laid out on last quarter's call. I'm curious how some of your near-term outlook on sources and uses could change if your stock continue' to trade below NAV. In conjunction with attractive unsecured bond market pricing and the relatively attractive pricing for well-located, good-quality assets. So just thinking how some of the numbers you laid out could change against a backdrop that I just laid out.
Thomas M. Herzog: This is Tom Herzog. When we look at the assumptions in the 3-year strategy, we spoke to a certain amount of equity issuance, some bond offerings, some sales, and those all are ways to generate capital. And I'm going to add to that proceeds from joint venture transactions, where we might bring a partner in. And I think as we look outward, first of all, we've got conversations going on, on a number of fronts in some of these areas. And so what we end up doing is going to be dictated by the outcome of those conversations. As far as the bond markets, they definitely do look good. Rates look favorable. From a stock perspective right now, we're trading at a discount. As we indicated in the last call, we're very unlikely to want to issue stock at a discount to our NAV. So all those factors will come into play, and we'll see what transpires over the next several months. For now, we have not modified those assumptions in our 3-year strategy, but certainly, over the next quarter or so, I would imagine we'll have a better insight into what that will look like, that we'll be able to provide to you.
Haendel St. Juste: Okay. And one more here, specifically on asset sales. We've seen a number of your public peers sell some D.C. assets recently at pretty good pricing. Curious how you view your current D.C. exposure today in light of those recent asset sales, but also against the backdrop of moderating growth and the supply wave?
Jerry A. Davis: I'm sorry, Haendel, our D.C. asset sales?
Haendel St. Juste: Curious -- we've seen Equity, Avalon and Lehman Brothers sell assets in D.C. here over the last few weeks, few months. And so I'm curious how you think about your D.C. portfolio in light of the attractive pricing that's available against the backdrop of the slowing growth we're seeing in D.C. and the mounting supply wave that's coming into D.C.
Jerry A. Davis: I think we look at our portfolio sort of on a regular basis to decide which assets we're going to sell. We expect to find very strong pricing in many of our markets. And typically, if you're going to sell an asset, you'd prefer to sell an asset that has sort of robust, expected short-term revenue and NOI increase as opposed to assets that, just from an investor standpoint, have slightly lower. I mean, your pricing simply is going to be better. Does that answer your question?
Haendel St. Juste: To a certain degree. But just more curious as to we've seen others pare back their exposure there. Just curious as to your -- not just the portfolio and its prospects, but just do you feel that it might be a good time to pare back and capitalize on some of the full -- the rather full pricing that people appear to be getting for D.C. assets?
Thomas W. Toomey: Hendel, this is Toomey. With respect to the portfolio, I articulated earlier a little bit of our strategy about the size of the enterprise. And how we expect it to be over the next 3-year period. And from that, what we drove down was a submarket ranking of our portfolio, and from there, really look at it and said, "How much do we want to have in D.C. to have a balanced portfolio?" Today, we're at that target. What we will always look at is the pricing of assets, the use of capital. We'll weigh it as time goes by. We're not really kind of trying to tie markets in our overall philosophy. What we're trying to do is buying the best submarkets with long-term cash flow appreciation and value. We think we have a great portfolio in D.C. that fits very well in many of those submarkets, as you can see in Jerry's recent market performance relative to peers. And it's taken us a decade to assemble this portfolio. We're a long-term holder. We're not going to flip it out when market conditions are just right for a day. We're a long-term holder. We're comfortable where we're at, and we think there is other places where we can maximize our capital utilization and recycling in D.C. in this current cycle right now.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. For closing remarks, I would like to turn the conference back to Tom Toomey, President and CEO.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, thanks, all of you, for participating on today's call. Certainly, you can see we feel very good about our business after 1 quarter. We feel very good about our long-term business plan and the execution on that. And we will see many of you in NAREIT in a few weeks. So with that, take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you'd like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial 1 (800) 406-7325 or (303) 590-3030 using the access code of 4612133 followed by the #. This does conclude the UDR First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-05 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Chris Van Ens - Vice President, IR Tom Toomey - President and CEO Tom Herzog - CFO Jerry Davis - SVP, Operations Warren Troupe - Interim Principal Financial Officer, Senior Executive VP, Corporate Compliance Officer Harry Alcock - SVP, Asset Management
Analysts:  Derek Brower – UBS Bank Eric Wolfe – Citigroup Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets 
Operator: 
Operator:  Good day, Ladies and Gentlemen, and welcome to the UDR fourth quarter, 2012, conference call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Van Ens, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Sir.
Chris Van Ens:  Thank you for joining us for UDR's fourth quarter financial results conference call. Our fourth quarter press release supplemental disclosure package and three-year strategy overview document were distributed earlier today and posted to our website, www.UDR.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial Reg G. requirements.  Prior to reading our Safe Harbor disclosure, I would like to direct you to the webcast of this call located in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.UDR.com. The webcast includes a slide presentation that will accompany our three-year strategic outlook commentary.  Onto our Safe Harbor. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call.  I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey:  Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to UDR's fourth quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Tom Herzog, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Senior Vice President of Operations who will discuss our results as well as our senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call.  To start, I would like to officially welcome Tom Herzog to UDR's senior management team. Many of you listening to the call know Tom. He is a well-respected CFO who possesses a strong analytical skill set and valuable public REIT experience with two S&P 500 REITs. I am confident that his experience will be beneficial to the company over the coming years.  My prepared remarks today will be brief as the majority of my comments will be included in our overview of our three-year strategic outlook, which will directly follow senior management's quarterly and full-year prepared remarks.  2012 was another strong year of operating results and we are encouraged by the early trends that we see in 2013. Let me quickly review why the company is well-positioned and how we will continue to capitalize on good multi-family fundamentals over the years ahead. First, the heavy lifting with regards to our large-scale portfolio repositioning is complete. Like most every public REIT, we will continue to see some level of capital recycling completed on an annual basis. But any such actions will be conducted through normal business activities.  Second, our balance sheet is much improved. But we will continue to manage the lower leverage over time. In our three-year strategic outlook, we will speak to leverage targets.  Third, we have a topnotch operational platform and a team that we believe will continue to take full advantage of the positive multi-family fundamentals currently available to us.  Finally, we have $1.3 billion of NAV accretive development and redevelopment underway. 50% of this pipeline is currently funded. And 49% will be delivered by the year-end, 2013. These activities are expected to begin contributing to our bottom line later this year. And will generate stronger cash flow growth in 2014 and '15.  In the fourth quarter, we were presented with a challenge related to Hurricane Sandy. However, we were able to successfully navigate these difficulties thanks to the hard work and professionalism of our New York team. We do not believe the storm will have any long-term negative impact on the demand for our Manhattan communities or their valuations. Tom Herzog will delve into more detail in the accounting treatment of Sandy. While Jerry will discuss the pre and post Sandy New York operating trends in the respective prepared remarks. Overall, we were pleased with our fourth quarter and full-year 2012 results.  Finally, with the closing of 2012, the entire management team would like to thank our 1,600 associates for another outstanding year. The outlook for UDR remains bright. And we look forward to continued success.  With that, I will pass the call over to Tom Herzog.
Tom Herzog:  Thanks, Tom.  Before I get into my prepared remarks, I want to express how good it is to be back in the public REIT world and specifically here at UDR. For those of you I have not yet had the opportunity to reconnect or meet, I look forward to interacting with you in the near future.  There are several topics I will cover today. First, changes we have made to our presentation of FFO. Second, our fourth quarter and full-year 2012 FFO results. Third, our transactions and balance sheet update. Fourth, details regarding the accounting treatment of Hurricane Sandy. Fifth, our first quarter and full-year 2013 guidance. And lastly, enhancements we made to our quarterly supplemental package.  Let me begin with the changes we have made to our presentation of FFO. Effective this quarter and going forward, we will be presenting FFO, FFO as adjusted, and AFFO. We will also be guiding the all three of these earnings metrics on a quarterly basis. Unlike our historical presentation, FFO as defined by NAREIT will now be our lead-in metric. And will reconcile the FFO as adjusted, which is equivalent to our previous core FFO. The adjustments for reconcile from FFO to FFO as adjusted will clearly set forth the fully set forth in each of our quarterly releases.  In addition, we have commenced reporting AFFO, which reflects our maintenance CapEx reported on attachment 14 or page 25 of our supplement.  There are three primary reasons for these changes. First was to lead with NAREIT FFO and then reconcile through FFO as adjusted and AFFO for full clarity of the components and adjustments to each of these measurements.  Second, to provide guidance to each of these three measurements to eliminate confusion as to what is included and excluded from our earnings guidance.  Finally, despite inconsistency within the industry, we believe our new presentation more closely reflects that of many of our REIT peers.  Turning now to our fourth quarter and full-year 2012 results, fourth quarter FFO per share was $0.31. Excluding Hurricane Sandy charges, which totaled $0.04, FFO as adjusted was $0.35. And AFFO was $0.31 per share. Full-year 2012 AFFO was $1.32 per share. Excluding the adjustment outlined on attachment two or page two of our supplement, FFO as adjusted was $1.35 per share, 5.5% higher than in 2011. Full year AFFO was $1.18 per share, 10% higher than in 2011.  Third, our transactions and balance sheet. As previously discussed, we completed a swap of ownership interests in certain UDR MetLife I JV operating assets and land parcels in the fourth quarter. Details are included in our quarterly press release.  At year end, our financial leverage on a historical cost basis was 39%. On a market value basis, it was approximately 32%. Our net debt to EBITDA was 7.0 times. And we are comfortably inside of all of our credit agreements and note covenants. We ended the quarter with $913 million of available liquidity per combination of cash and undrawn capacity on our credit facilities.  Next, I will address the accounting treatment around Hurricane Sandy. In the fourth quarter, we recognized a $0.04 charge for Sandy related damages. As I mentioned earlier, this charge was included in FFO, but excluded from FFO as adjusted.  As to the GAAP accounting for Sandy, first, physical damage is accrued in the period event occurred. Second, cleanup costs are expensed as incurred. The recognized loss for both of these items is reduced by the estimated insurance reimbursement. Third, business interruption losses are recognized as they occur. Whereas the recovery of business interruption losses are recognized when repayment is received or assured.  Due to the inherent uncertainty in the recovery of any natural disaster claims, we conservatively accrued a charge of $0.04. $0.02 of which is equivalent to 25% of the physical damage and cleanup costs. And $0.02 attributable to business interruptions. Any subsequent insurance recoveries from this fourth quarter 2012 charges that differ from the accrual will continue to be excluded from FFO as adjusted.  Business interruption losses incurred in 2013 will inherently have less certainty of measurement. Accordingly, we will not add back such losses to FFO as adjusted. And subsequent business interruption recoveries will be included in FFO as adjusted when received to offset prior business interruption losses recognized in the run-rate.  So how does all this affect same-store results? Business interruption losses that consist of rent rebates to reimburse residents during the period the buildings were uninhabitable will be reported within hurricane related charges in the income statement. The related rents were contractually receivable and will remain in rental income so that same-store sales will not be disrupted by this item. This treatment has no net impact to our P&L or FFO. As a result of lower occupancy due to the inability to lease apartments when the building was down, we have decided to delay 95 Wall's entry into our same-store pool until the second quarter of 2014 so as not to distort our New York same-store 2013 results.  Onto 2013 guidance, our 2013 FFO guidance is $1.35 to $1.41 per share. We're expecting $0.02 of our (RA-3) gains from property sales, which results in FFO as adjusted of $1.33 to $1.39 per share, or an increase of 1% at the midpoint versus 2012.  Our 2013 AFFO guidance is $1.17 to $1.23 per share. This includes $1,020 per door of maintenance CapEx per stabilized home. We anticipate same-store revenue growth of 4% to 5%, same-store expense growth of 2.75% to 3.25%, and same-store growth of 4.25% to 6%. Other primary assumptions can be found on attachment 15 or page 26 of our supplement.  You will also notice we now provide quarterly guidance. In the first quarter of 2013, both FFO and AFFO as adjusted guidance are at $0.31 to $0.33 per share. Our AFFO guidance is $0.27 to $0.29 per share. Our 2013 FFO as adjusted guidance is only $0.01 higher than last year. The primary drivers of this low FFO growth includes several items that offset our forecasted 2013 organic [inaudible] growth, which is expected to provide $0.10 contribution to FFO. The offsetting items include $0.035 increase in FFO drag related to our expanded development and redevelopment pipeline, $0.03 from the 2012 and projected 2013 sales of high cap rate properties in non-core markets, $0.01 of dilution in 2013 from our May, 2012 repayment of debt with equity proceeds, as well as a net $0.01 related to miscellaneous other items.  Finally, we made numerous enhancements to our quarterly supplemental document, including how we categorize our NOI, additional data on our redevelopments, development and joint venture platforms, and additional same-store operating metrics, such as turnover and lease related growth by market.  We recognize that our revised supplement in conjunction with our three year strategy document will likely lead to in-depth modeling questions. We ask that you hold these questions until after the call when we can walk them through with you individually in greater detail. We believe you will find our re-tooled supplemental package provides greater transparency and will prove helpful and informative.  We have noted that our guidance is lower than many analysts had projected. In examining these variances as best we can, we observe several drivers to these differences, which include lower interest expense perhaps due to differences in capitalized interest in our development and redevelopment projects and lower G&A perhaps due to confusion relative to the tax provision as presented in our historical financial statements. We believe our improved supplementals will help reduce confusion in the future.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis:  Thanks, Tom. Good morning everyone.  In my remarks, I will cover the following topics. Fourth quarter and full year 2012 operating results, an update on our non-mature pool of assets, and lastly, an update on our New York operations.  We are pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the fourth quarter, same-store net operating income grew 7.3% driven by a 5.7% year-over-year increase in revenue and only a 2.3% increase in expenses. A quite note, on attachment six or page eight, our revised quarterly supplemental package, you will find a breakout of same-store operating expenses with year-over-year sequential and year-to-date comparisons by expense component.  Our same-store revenue per occupied home increased by 5% year-over-year to $1,420. While same-store occupancy increased by 60 basis points to 95.8%.  On a total portfolio basis including our pro-rata share of JVs, our revenue per occupied home was $1,558.  Sequentially, fourth quarter net operating income increased 3.3% driven by a 0.7% increase in revenue and expense growth of -4.7%.  Before I discuss new and renewal lease growth trends, I would like to direct everyone to attachment 8G on page 19, a new addition to our supplemental quarterly package. 8G provides new and renewal lease growth as well as turnover by market. In the fourth quarter, effective rental rate increases on new leases at our same-store communities increased by 1.7% on average. And renewal rate growth remained strong at 5.6%.  Full year turnover in 2012 increased 180 basis points year-over-year to 55%. This was a function of our ongoing push to optimize revenue growth through the seasonally stronger demand periods earlier in the year.  In the fourth quarter, annualized turnover reverse course declined by 40 basis points year-over-year. We elected to hold occupancy higher during this seasonally slower period by pricing our renewal increase slightly less aggressively, which yielded dividends and positioned us for strong lease growth in 2013.  Attachment five or page seven of our quarterly supplemental package has some changes that I would like to briefly review. You will notice that we have added an NOI bucket title stabilized non-mature. Only non-stabilized communities are now included in our acquisition, development, and redevelopment NOI buckets. We also broke out our non-residential and other, which includes commercial NOI. For more information on how we define our respective NOI buckets and what types of communities are included in each, I will refer you to attachment 16 on pages 27 to 29 of our quarterly supplemental package.  Our stabilized non-mature communities account for 47% of our total non-same-store NOI excluding JVs. And are primarily located in our core markets. These communities posted sequential revenue growth of 0.8%, ten basis points better than our same-store portfolio. And NOI growth was 5.1%, which was 180 basis points better.  Moving onto New York and the effects of Hurricane Sandy, as Tom Herzog indicated in his remarks, we have decided to delay 95 Wall's entry into our same-store pool until the second quarter of 2014 as a result of the hurricane.  21Chelsea will still enter our same-store results in the first quarter of 2013 as it was only minimally affected. 10 Hanover Square, our other downtown Manhattan community will remain in our same-store pool as it was also minimally affected aside from the rent rebates we gave while it was uninhabitable for two to three weeks.  Before I review fourth quarter leasing trends in New York, I would like to address any potential long-term negative ramifications to downtown property values. It is still early in the process. But we do not see any long term value impairment. Our resident's property was not damaged by the storm. And leasing activity is following the normal seasonal patterns. People still want to live in lower Manhattan.  Let me address where we stand today versus before Sandy from an occupancy and lease rate perspectives at our New York properties. First 10 Hanover with 493 homes, our pre-Sandy occupancy was 98%. And our current occupancy is comparable. Blended lease rate growth is also comparable to pre-Sandy levels.  Second, 95 Wall with 508 homes, our pre-Sandy occupancy was 96%. And our current occupancy is 92%. 95 Wall was the community most affected by Sandy. Blended lease rate growth still has some room to run before it returns to pre-Sandy levels. However, we are making progress on refilling the building. And would expect business as usual by the end of the second quarter.  Third, Rivergate with 706 homes, our pre-Sandy occupancy was 93%. And our current occupancy is 88%. This decline was partially driven by our redevelopment program. When Sandy hit, we had a certain number of units being redeveloped. Our crews could not work on these units for the weeks when Rivergate was uninhabitable. In the meantime, we had already sent out notices prior to Sandy to free up the next batch of homes to be redeveloped. Those residents vacated when Rivergate became habitable again. This gave us an abnormally large number of homes in redevelopment, which negatively affected occupancy. Blended lease rate growth has not yet returned to pre-hurricane levels at Rivergate. But we have also not had many redeveloped homes come back online since the storm hit. We expect improved lease rate growth by the end of the first quarter. To reiterate, we believe that we will be back to pre-hurricane occupancy and lease rate levels by the end of the second quarter in New York.  I'll not turn the call back over to Tom Toomey. 
Tom Toomey – President and CEO:  Thanks Jerry, and let’s move into the strategic portion of the call, and with that I’d asked that you pull up the link either in the press release, and/or from our web site as we’re going to go through a PowerPoint presentation page by page with you. Since announcing our attention to present a three year strategic outlook, we have fielded a number of inquiries as to why. UDR is a very different company than it was three years ago. Our portfolio and balance sheet have undergone major renovations, now that these activities are largely complete, it is prudent to explain where we intend to take the company over the next three years, and why our stock is, and will continue to be a great investment. With that, let’s begin on page three of the presentation, and quickly review our 2012 highlights. The large scale aspect for portfolio repositioning are complete. We dramatically reduced our leverage, our balance sheet is in good order, and we remain committed to lower leverage model. We successfully navigated the aftermath of Sandy. Tom Herzog joined us as our new CFO.  Jerry’s operating platform and team continue to post strong results. Our consensus NAV per share was up 4% year-over-year, and our annual dividend per share increased 10%. And we expanded our JV platform and grew our development and redevelopment pipeline. On page four you will see our strategic priorities. In short, we are focused on allocating capital creatively, further reducing our financial leverage over-time. Growing cash flows to support dividend growth, and incrementally improving the quality and market mix of our portfolio. As we successfully execute on these strategic items, NAV and dividend growth will follow. Which we expect will drive strong long-term total shareholder return.  Let’s first look at capital allocation on page five. At the top of the page you will note our pillars of capital allocation. First; Invest in NAV accretive opportunities, and second; weigh investment opportunities against our leverage metrics and funding alternatives.  We have created a significant amount of value, or approximately 450 million through our investments since 2010. As you can see from the graph in the middle on this page, this is true for your New York City communities as well.  In addition to the NAV generated by our higher growth portfolio, we anticipate creating roughly 450 million in value through our development and redevelopment growth efforts over the coming years. Next Tom Herzog, will take you through our view on the balance sheet management on page six.
Tom Herzog – CFO:  Thank, Tom. As indicated at the top of page six, we look to a wide range of balance sheet metrics, as well as our maturity schedule when considering how to best manage our balance sheet. We are comfortable with the current state of our balance sheet, but importantly we are establishing targets for a balance sheet metrics.  We tend to manage to leverage of 35 to 40% and target the lower end of this range over time. However, we will not engage in diluted activities to accomplish our subjective. On the net debt-to-EBITA basis, we’re managing to 6.0x to 6.5x over time. [Inaudible] for these goals will not be linear.  Looking further down the page, you can see how we have dramatically strengthened our balance sheet over the past three years. We remain committed to a lower leverage model, and further improvement in our balance sheet metrics as anticipated by year-end 2015. One note with regard to our balance sheet metrics this year; it is likely that our metrics will increase in the first half of the year, as we continue to fund our development and redevelopment pipeline. We anticipate that net debt-to-EBITA will be near 7.5x, and leverage near 40% during the first half of 2013. After that, our metrics will trend lower at 700 million of current (NOI) below income producing assets begin to cash flow in the second half of 2013, and accelerate in 2014. Onto page seven, where Jerry will comment on our operations.
Jerry Davis – SVP, Operations:  Thanks, Tom. We as a company remain intensely focused on operations. This is critical because operations drive cash flow, which allows dividend growth. As you can see, we have generated operating results stack of well versus our multi-family peer group over the past five years. Some of our out-performances resulted from our first [inaudible] manage with regard to technology initiatives. Examples include our electronic resident platform, our online portal, and online renewal leasing. We continue to be big believers in technologies that increase our portfolio efficiencies, and more importantly enhance customer satisfaction. We will continue to invest in this area. Looking ahead, we expect the top and bottom-line growth will remain robust and drive cash flow through 2015. Some of this will be the result of new technology, such as online new leasing, as well as advancements that derive greater efficiencies throughout our cost structure. Turning to page eight, I will discuss our improvement portfolio. At Toomey spoke to earlier, the heavy lifting with regard to our portfolio repositioning is complete. However, like every [inaudible], we will continue to recycle capital into NAV-accretive opportunities through normal business activities.  But some level of capital recycling will always be going on. A majority of our current NOI is generated by our target markets in our West, Northeast, and Mid-Atlantic Regions. These regions will continue to grow as we deliver our development and redevelopment projects. Please note, that our expectations for our year-end 2015 NOI concentrations, do not include any capital recycling between now and then, or any further development or redevelopment beyond what is currently started. As such, these estimates could prove conservative, as any capital allocation activities will target our core markets. Turning to page nine, Tom Toomey, will comment on our thoughts concerning value creation.
Tom Toomey – President and CEO:  Thanks, Jerry. Generating strong total shareholder return over the long-term remains our primary goal. To achieve this, we focus on growing our NAV per share, expanding our stock price premium, and/or reducing our stock price discount to NAV, and growing our dividend. One of the primary metrics we focus on to assess whether we are creating value is CVNI growth, which calculates all-in NAV per share growth, after our dividends are theoretically reinvested at our NAV per share at the time of payment. This metric is highly correlated with long-term total shareholder return. On page ten, we’ll address our development and redevelopment pipeline, an important component of value creation in the coming years.  As you can see, we have a 1.3 billion pipeline concentrated in our core markets. A majority of that will come online by the second half of 2013, and begin to cash flow at that point. Currently, however, hour pipeline represents a drag on our FFO per share growth. I will let Tom Herzog address this.
Tom Herzog – CFO:  We have mild development and redevelopment projects and quantify the expected FFO accretion, NAV creation, and FFO drag. Assuming we maintain our pipeline at 1.0 to 1.5 billion, deliver 500 million of new product annually on average, in current development/redevelopment economics hold, our pipeline should be approximately $0.03 to $0.04 accretive annually, the FFO and AFFO per share.  Under the same assumptions, we anticipate that our pipeline will contribute $0.60 to $0.85 of NAV annually moving forward. Assuming no additional starts are in process development or redevelopment creates a drag on our FFO per share of $0.055 in 2013, $0.4 in 2014 and $0.1 in 2015. As we have been fully [inaudible] pipeline for the last few years with harvesting little to no cash flow during this development period. Turning to page eleven, and our joint ventures. We like our joint venture partnerships and platforms. They represent a stable source of long-term capital, and can enhance economics. As you can see, our joint venture relationships are extensive, and we have created significant value through our joint venture investments. JVs will remain a part of a long-term value creation strategy. Turning to page twelve, we provide an overview of our 2013 to 2015 expectations. We are not economists; therefore we look to our third party research providers from Macro Economic Expectations such as job growth, household formations, and multi-family specific data. These assumptions are available at the top of the page.  We outlined our 2013 guidance earlier in the call. Our cumulative primary growth expectations for the 2014 through 2015 period are as follows: The FFO per share growth of 12 to 15%. FFO has adjusted per share growth of 14 to 18%. AFFO per share growth of 16 to 20%. Same-Store revenue growth of 7 to 9%. Same-Store expense growth of 5 to 7% and Same-Store NOI growth of 7 to 11%. Again, over cumulative metrics. Additional details can be found on this page, as well as in the appendix of this document beginning on page sixteen. Before moving on, I would like to provide some observations regarding out 2013 FFO per share guidance. During the three year period from 2010 to 2012, we purchased 1.97 billion of assets and an average Cap rate of 4.7%. We sold 1.22 billion of assets and an average Cap rate of 6.9%. We grew our development and redevelopment programs to 1.3 billion 50% of which has been funded and deleveraged for a balance sheet by fully funding all external growth activities of equity. Note that this 2.21 billion of equity was issued at a slight premium to NAV per share over this time period. And at our 3.4 billion of on balance sheet debt at year-end 2012, was very similar to our end-of-year debt balance in 2009. In total, these activities will be roughly $0.14 diluted to our 2013 FFO, and AFFO per share, which is clearly impactful when compared against our $1.20 of expected AFFO in 2013 at the mid-point. Let me provide you some context as to how we arrived at the $0.14. Matching our three year acquisition against deposition yielded $0.10 of dilution. And ramping our development and redevelopment pipeline contributed another $ 0.055 of total dilution in 2013. This was offset somewhat by a portion of a new equity we issued, that was used to fund part of our fully owned joint venture and land acquisitions. This created $0.02 of accretion.  The team was fully cognizant of this tradeoff between short-term dilution and long-term value creation when we undertook these activities.  With these now behind us, our already superior operating platform, has been successfully augmented with a much improved portfolio that has built for the long-term. A four to five balance sheet and a accretive development and redevelopment program that are well positioned in all areas for growth in 2014 and 2015.  Turning to page thirteen, Toomey will address what makes UDR unique.
Tom Toomey – President and CEO:  First we are large enough to enjoy cost of capital and G&A economies to scale. But still nimble enough that moderately sized value creative opportunities moved the needle. Second, we have a good market mix and range of asset quality that does well in a variety of economic scenarios. Third, our operating platform is second to none. Timely, we have an extensive long-lived and stable joint venture relationship with high quality dedicated partners. These serve to lower our effective cost-to-capital and boost our returns. Lastly, please turn to page fourteen. So why invest in UDR? As you can see, we believe that there’s plenty of reasons starting with multi-family fundamentals continue to look robust. We have a strong three year growth profile, which is driven by our efficient operating platform, and our repositioned portfolio. The heavy lifting is completed with regard to our portfolio and balance sheet repositioning, as well at the ramp up of our development and redevelopment programs. And lastly, tax flow and NAV per share growth from our external growth efforts will begin to come online towards the end of 2013, and accelerate over the next few years. As Herzog mentioned earlier, our FFO and AFFO per share growth, would be rather marginal in 2013. However, in 2014 and ’15 cash flow growth is expected to improve markedly to roughly 9% annually.  Quickly, here are the primary big picture assumptions that support these growth expectations during this time period given the current economic conditions. Our projected Same-Store NOI growth of roughly 4.25 per year would result in additional FFO and AFFO growth of 5 to 6% per year. Development/redevelopment coming online during this period are forecast to add another 3 to 5% growth. And remaining non-Same-Stores is anticipated to add approximately 1% per year. When combined, and set against our current leverage, our average 2014 and ’15 FFO and AFFO growth per share of 8 and 9% respectively look very reasonable. These growth levels would result in 2015 FFO and AFFO of $1.57 and $1.41 respectively. Applying these same forecast to UDRs consensus NAV of $26.50 per share yield annual NAV growth of roughly 9% in 2014 and ’15, and would result in NAV per share north of $32.00 by the end of 2015. This projected NAV increase when coupled with dividends expected to be paid in 2014 and ’15, would generate CVNI growth of roughly 12% annually. We will continue to work hard and execute on all the strategic priorities that we have reviewed with you today.  Finally, and most importantly, we remain focused on managing our business every day to drive total shareholder return for investors and believe that we have the right team and plan in place to do so.  With that, operator, we’ll turn the call over to Q&A session. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Derek Brower at UBS Bank. Please go ahead. 
Derek Brower – UBS Bank: Hi, thanks, guys. Good afternoon. I was wondering if you could just give us a better handle on the timing of store uses for 2013, and more specifically, the thought behind issuing 100 million of equity below NAV as compared to selling some more non-core assets? 
Tom Toomey:  Well, the sources and uses, just if you were to take them and run them down. So we’ve got – I’ll just give you the [inaudible] real quick like. We’ve got the surplus of FFO versus dividends of 68 million, the dead issuances, equity issuances that you can see from the guidance, the wholly-owned disposition; it comes up to about $700 million in sources just roughly. We’ve got some debt maturities; we listed development and re-development spending, about $750 million, that’s how it balances out.  When we think about the equity issuance, I would describe it this way. We’ve got a number of different sources of capital so we could employ. It could be – it could be dead, it could be equity, it could be joint venture, proceeds, et cetera. So whether we choose to issue that 100 million of equity or not is yet to be determined. So I would say that it’s very possible that we could, it could be a bigger number, it could be a smaller number depending on market circumstances. 
Derek Brower – UBS Bank:  Okay, thanks. And on the capital recycling front, can you describe what the appetite from that life is to do more asset-swap transitions such as the Olivian and do you think it could be possible we’ll see another one of those transactions this year? 
Warren Troupe:  Hi, this is Warren Troupe. We’re always in discussion with Met Life and we’ve said from the beginning, we like that joint venture, it’s a way for us to increase our ownership interest in those existing assets and I think as you see us go along, you’ll see us continue to execute those transactions with Met Life and also increase the size of Joint Venture II. 
Derek Brower – UBS Bank: Okay, thanks. And then I guess, just lastly, big-picture question and just going back to your Page 12 macro assumptions. At the top, you know, you have job formation growing in 2013, 2014, income growing, household formations growing, but it claims that your assumptions assume homeownership rate actually declines from 2013. I’m just wondering if you’ve done any sensitivities on your 2014 to 2015 outlook based on a growth homeownership rate? 
Tom Toomey:  This is Toomey. With respect to the assumptions on ’12, those are national assumptions and we’ve looked at our individual markets when we’ve thought about ’14 and ’15 and believe that the homeownership rate in those markets unappreciablely moved more than where it is today. 
Derek Brower – UBS Bank: Okay, thank you. 
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Eric Wolfe – Citigroup: Hey, guys. The topic of stock repurchases came up on the call earlier today. And obviously on a lot of calls over the last week or two, there’s been some discussion about the property REIT trading at large discounts to NAV. So my question is, is whether you think there’s anything UDR can do to be more active about trying to close out this discount? Obviously, part of the strategic outlook, which seemed to be part of that, but are there other things that you can do in the short term or medium term to help close out the discount? 
Tom Toomey:  This is Toomey. I think you’re right. One of the first things is provide a strategic outlook and this document does a fine job on that. The second aspect is the enhancements of our disclosure in the quarterly package so that people can drill down to the value of the enterprise more easily. And I think the third is just execution on our part and that we’ve got a good experienced team. We feel like we’ve got the right assets, the right balance sheet, the right growth opportunities. It’s just time to execute. And so I think we’re going to focus on those three and see how far they take us and then we’ll evaluate it at that point and see where we move. 
Eric Wolfe – Citigroup: Okay, that’s fair. And then I think Michael had a follow up. 
Michael (Unidentified Analyst):  Yes. Tom, just thinking about how you ended your comments, thinking about the growth in NAV and technically the growth in NOI getting to a $32 stock price, or $30 NAV I should say. I guess underlying that is an expectation of flat cap rates, right? 
Tom Herzog:  Well, no, not necessarily. Let me just give you the pieces, Michael. How we looked at that – this is Herzog, by the way. How we looked at that analysis is we took the same store growth to get the – the NOI will be created from the guidance that we put in the document. We also looked at the non-same-store and then we picked up our development REIT development value creation from an NOI perspective that would be created from the program that’s in place and projected that over about three years in a pretty in-depth model. We took that NOI and we capped it out at – you’re correct, at today’s CAP rate so we could get a sense for it and then incorporated that into our NAV creation to get the growth that would just mathematically come to something north of $32 a share.  And the while we were at it, we did then pick up the dividend yield off the consensus NAV and created the CVNI that we spoke to of about 12.2%. The CAP rate that we used was the – it was 5 1/8% and we picked that up from looking to the consensus NAV that The Street had put out and kind of the average CAP rate that was within that mix to utilize the 5 1/8th. 
Michael (Unidentified Analyst): And so effectively, you know, flat CAP rates and growing NOI, you know, getting to that NAV, obviously, is predicated on CAP rates staying relatively stagnant? 
Tom Herzog: You’re correct. And in addition to that, the growth from the development and re-development program. 
Michael (Unidentified Analyst): And then at least in the ’14 to ’15 timeframe, you have this – call it 500 million of equity being issued. This is on Page 12 of the presentation. I guess, is that a similar answer thinking about the 100 that’s embedded in guidance for ’13, that the 500 in ’14 and ’15 is predicated on the stock because you’ve now put yourself, I guess, out there saying you will not issue equity below NAV and given the stocks at $23, you’ve got a far way to move up, especially with an outlook that the NAV is going to grow significantly in the next couple of years, that that 500 million has got to come from other things, or you don’t spend the money, right? You either don’t do the acquisitions or you don’t do the development or re-development because you’ve got to come up with $500 million of cash? 
Tom Herzog:  That’s correct. It would be – the activity that would take place will be, in part, dictated by access to various sources of capital. So depending on what those look like, obviously, that can impact the plan. 
Michael (Unidentified Analyst): All right, and you’ve embedded in your forward plan issuing equity at NAV, in that timeframe to grow NAV per share? 
Tom Herzog:  Right. 
Michael (Unidentified Analyst): Okay. All right, thank you. 
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets:  Thanks. Good afternoon and welcome, Tom Herzog. 
Tom Herzog:  Thank you, Rich. 
Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Does your balance sheet management slide on Page 6 of the 2015 Outlook include newly-started development activity? 
Tom Herzog:  No. The balance sheet that we put in place, the balance sheet management as well as the development, redevelopment, value creation, drag, et cetera do not assume new development projects put into play. 
Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: And yet on the summary page on Page 12, you do assume incremental development spending. So like isn’t there like a kind of disconnect between your balance sheet and your 2014 expectations without that missing variable? 
Tom Herzog:  I would say that the balance sheet, just looking at where those metrics fall out to at least freeze that as to what the portfolio looks like today. It gives us a good feel for what those metrics will look like. And then again, depending on what circumstances look like if we go to the development or re-development program. Those sources of funding will need to come from somewhere, which we’ve set forth. And with that, it would keep the metrics, I think, in line based on the mix that we would use. That would be the intent.  As you noted, we set up a target of 35 to 40% leverage, which drives a certain net-debt to EBITDA with the intent of managing toward the lower end of that range, but without doing so on a diluted basis. So that all comes into play in the way that we think about how the model comes together. 
Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Turning to more current things, on the current list of joint ventures that you have outstanding – this question is for anybody. What’s the lifetime of these joint ventures in your mind? Like when do you think there will have to be some type of event for them to demonetize one way or the other? 
Tom Toomey:  This is Toomey, Rich. Good morning. With respect to the lifecycle of the joint ventures, obviously, the Met platform, you’re talking about a generational Fortune 50 company that looks at real estate as a long-term hold and a key part of their overall management of their portfolio and our desire is to grow that real estate holding.  With respect to KFH, certainly it is an investor who has come in and out of the United States from time to time and probably at this point in time would still be looking to grow its platform in the U.S. So I don’t believe there’s any finite date that that would terminate.  And lastly is the Texas joint venture. I think their key date will be when the debt, which is slightly above market at 5.5 today burns off in ’15, 2015. That, most likely, would be a date that we’ll make a decision with our partner about those particular assets. 
Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, last question for me on the same-store NOI outlook of 4 ¼ to 6, you’re pretty wide, I guess, but you know, maybe not so much for the start of the year. But what factors would have to happen for you to be closer to the low end? And what are some of the catalyst for you to get at or above the high end of that range? 
Jerry Davis:  Rich, it’s Jerry. I would say it’s all really dependent mostly on job growth. I think the expenses for the most part, we know what real estate taxes are going to be and I think the rest of our expenses we’re typically good a locking down so I feel good about the expense growth guidance we gave.  On the revenue side, like I said, I think it’s totally dependent on job growth or job loss. If I had to pick two markets that could shift on me quickly, one would be Washington D.C. could probably get worse given the Pentagon’s announcement last week about eliminating 46,000 jobs and furloughing for one day a week a couple 100,000 more. And then on the positive, you know, I could see a place like San Diego having an uptick if some military rotations go towards the West Coast. But that’s really the biggest factor.
Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Great. That’s all I have. Thank you. 
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead. 
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill: Yes, hi. Good afternoon, or good morning out there. Jerry, the first question just picks up on the expense side. Your guys’ expense guidance is meaningfully lower than peers. It’s also quite a tight range. I understand that over the past several years you guys have been good about keeping expense growth low, but, you know, what do you think is different about, you know, some of the things that you guys have in your numbers that some of the other guys maybe don’t? Is it literally that just the way the properties lay out you’re not seeing the same real estate tax structure or just maybe better on the insurance front? It’s just strickenly a lot lower. 
Jerry Davis:  Yeah, I can’t really speak to anyone else. I’m not sure what’s behind their numbers. I can tell you though, we are feeling real estate tax pressure, maybe not as much as the Sunbelt-dominating guys, but you know, our taxes – we’re expecting to be north of 8% growth. But when you really look back, like you said, over the last five years, we’ve done a pretty good job of keeping expense growth at sub-1%. So migrating it up to that mid-point of 3% is predominately driven by taxes. We think turnover this year will probably be roughly even where it was in 2012. And you know, we’re really – we spend the last four to five years making our sales force and administrative functions more efficient. And over the next couple of years, we think there’s ways to realize efficiencies in our service functions of our business. So we’re going to be hitting that hard over the next 2 to 3 years.  But yeah, I think when you look at it, it’s really maintaining control and driving down the cost of doing our service side of the business will help keep us at the low end. 
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill:  Okay. So if I understand you, I mean, in addition, presumably, Warren’s doing a good job on negotiating with the insurance companies to keep premiums low, but essentially whatever costs you’re seeing rise on property tax, you’re sort of taking it out on the other side by keeping expenses down? That’s the takeaway? 
Jerry Davis:  Yes, I think that accurate. 
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill:  Okay. Second question is for Toomey. Obviously, you know, Tom Herzog doesn’t need an introduction, you know, we all know him. But just sort of curious given it was a lengthy process, it was one that you guys weren’t under pressure to have to fill right away, you know, given the existing CFO bench strength there. What was the Board’s take in view as far as succession planning? I mean, if we think about it, succession planning is something that can take four or five-plus years. You know, I know that you comment that you’re not ready to hang up the spurs anytime in the near term, but these things do take time. So just sort of curious what the Board thought as you went about filling that role? 
Tom Toomey:  Well, the Board was part of the process, obviously. And with respect to the subject of succession, you’re right, Alex. First, I’m 52 years old. I like what I’m doing. I like the team I’ve assembled. I enjoy what I’m doing so annually we review a succession plan, the Board approves it and we march forward with that plan every year and evaluate it every year. 
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill:  Okay, so nothing changed when you sent about doing the search? It was – that didn’t prompt a further review of anything as far as succession goes? 
Tom Toomey:  It was part of the evaluation process and we reached the conclusion that Mr. Herzog was the best candidate today and for the future. 
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill:  Okay, perfect. Thank you. 
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Good afternoon, guys. I also appreciate the disclosure there in the three-year plan. Just a couple quick bookkeeping questions. First, you gave what you expect to spend in 2013. What’s kind of the outlook for development starts and redevelopment starts in ’13? 
Harry Alcock:  Mike, this is Harry. We didn’t give any guidance as to starts in 2013. In ’14 and ’15 we have to start another – call it 500, 550 million to sort of reach the guidance that we’ve given and so 2014, 2015 spend. I can tell you that our existing pipeline, both in our owned land assets and our JV assets with Met Life, the total spend in that portfolio could be in excess of $1 billion. We’ve got additional redevelopment projects we’re looking at. So we certainly have a sufficient pipeline to backfill the existing projects.  In terms of 2013, we didn’t give any guidance. I’d be surprised if we started a lot, although we’re working on a number of projects and the exact timing depends on when we complete the entitlements and permitting process with the various cities. 
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Jerry, in your prepared comments, did you give January trends? 
Jerry Davis:  I didn’t, but I will. January, our new least rates were up – or rates on new leases were up about 2.5%, that compares to 1.7% last January. And then our renewals were up 5.9% in January and that’s down from last year when it was pushing 7. 
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And the occupancy on the year-review basis? 
Jerry Davis:  Occupancy is up slightly in January. Today, I think it averaged out 95.5 in January and today we’re at 95.4%. I would expect for the first quarter it will end up in that 95.5% range. 
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: That’s helpful. And just finally, the G&A increase looked a bit large. Tom could you walk through the components of what drilled the increase there in G&A? 
Tom Herzog:  Yeah, Mike, Tom Herzog here. The G&A, first of all, I don’t want you to be confused by the G&A. We have said in the past that some of that occurred. The tax number used to be met into that and then in the beginning of last quarter when people realized there was confusion here, that was discontinued. So now the G&A and the tax benefit are broken out separately, which you’ve probably seen. So when we look at the 2012 G&A relative to the guidance that was given at the beginning of the year, you’ll find that the tax number is broken out, that we’re pretty much right on in that number.  As we look to 2013, we’re up – call it 2, $2.5 million, this is the basic stuff. We’ve got normal personnel increases. We had certain comp items for folks in the field that had a great job in 2012 and then miscellaneous and technology type items make up the rest. So no big [inaudible] and line item made up that change, but it comes to about a penny. 
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I’ll take a look at that. The tax benefit then, I just – it’s been elevated the last couple of years. Is the – looking forward over the next couple of years given your outlook, should we expect that to come down pretty substantially as you kind of move out of that business? 
Tom Herzog:  Well, I would put it this way; in 2012, the first quarter of ’12, there wasn’t a benefit recorded because the sales hadn’t been made and it was being backed off against the valuation allowance adjustment that took place. In 2013, so it was running about $3 million a quarter in ’12 with nothing in Q1. In 2013, that number is going to be more in the vicinity of ’11 to ’13 million. And then as we go forward from there as some of the development projects start to stabilize and some of the additional sales start to earn in, you’re going to see that tax benefit structure decline and that’s what you see in that guidance on Page – whatever it is, 16 or 17 of the three-year strategy package, you see a decline for those reasons as development starts to earn in. 
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Appreciate the color. Thank you. 
Tom Herzog:  I should just note one thing though so that we don’t have confusion, we’re not intending to move out of that business in the TRS. We’ll continue to own assets in there, develop assets so that tax benefit is an ongoing item and you can see the that [inaudible]. 
Operator:  Mr. Toomey, there are no further questions at this time. 
Tom Toomey:  Well, thank you, all, for your time today. I know it was a lengthy prepared remarks, but I think we have a lot to give you today and certainly the team’s going to be available for follow-up calls. But as you can see today, what we have accomplished is we provided a three-year road amp. We’ve enhanced our disclosures. We restated our strategic priorities. We certainly gave you a case of why UDR is a good investment today and in the future. And lastly, I add, I think we have the right team to execute this. So with that, thank you for your time today and we wish you the best.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Van Ens - Vice President, IR Tom Toomey - President and CEO Jerry Davis - SVP, Operations Warren Troupe - Interim Principal Financial Officer, Senior Executive VP, Corporate Compliance Officer Harry Alcock - SVP, Asset Management
Analysts: Eric Wolfe - Citigroup Jana Galan - Bank of America Dave Bragg - Zelman & Associates  Andrew Rosivach - Goldman Sachs Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets Michael Bilerman - Citi
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to UDR's Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only-mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. (Operator instructions) This conference is being recorded today, Monday, October 29, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Van Ens, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Chris Van Ens: Thank you for joining us for UDR's third quarter financial results conference call. Our third quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake the duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good morning everyone. Welcome to UDR's third quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Senior Vice President of Operations, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. My comments today will focus on four topics; first, broad operating trends and quarterly results; second, an update on our external growth activities; third, an update on our CFO search; and finally, the expansion of our UDR MetLife II joint venture announced this morning. Following my comments Jerry will provide additional commentary on operating results and emerging operating trends. During the third quarter our business continued to operate at an elevated level, driven by strong organic rent growth as well as slightly higher occupancy rates. With the fourth quarter upon us we have entered the seasonally slow time of year for the apartment demand. Nonetheless good multi-family fundamentals continued to generate tailwind for the industry and we expect will do so for the foreseeable future. This is especially true for UDR, which owns a portfolio increasingly concentrated in markets that exhibit above average job growth, low single family home affordability, a high propensity to rent and in general limited new multifamily supply pressures. In the third quarter of 2012, core FFO per share of $0.33 increased by 3% year-over-year. Strong same-store revenue and net operating income growth of 5.5% and 6.4% respectively, as well as good execution in our non-same-store portfolio, drove the improvement. Second an update on external growth activities. Green lighting opportunities that increase the company's net asset value per share remain a top priority, although we are cognizant of balancing this necessity against AFFO per share growth and our intent to operate the company at a lower leverage profile. The following is what we currently see in the marketplace. First, acquisitions; we continue to look for opportunities to expand in our core markets, but pricing for the most well located assets is full right now. We will consider buying again when we find the right property in the right location at the right price and can fund the acquisition with appropriately priced capital in the context of our lower leverage profile. Second, development; the weighted average spread between expected stabilized yields and spot cap rates; our in progress pipeline is roughly 150 to 200 basis points. Historically, the spread has been closer to 100 to 150 basis points. As such development remains as a source of significant value creation. To be clear, we expect our developments to generate stabilized yields that are averaging 6% to 6.5%. These are not represented with the yields we expect upon delivery and lease up. With 51% of our $792 million development pipeline already funded, approximately 75% will be delivered by year-end 2013. We are actively evaluating new opportunities as well as those within our wholly owned and JV land bank. We finally redevelopment, our pipeline encompasses five projects with a total anticipated spend of $279 million, 34% of which is expected to be completed by year end 2013 and 23% of which has already been funded. Redevelopment continues to offer superior risk reward paid off versus other external growth opportunity. But our opportunity set is limited as viable candidates are inherently tied to the size and scope of our existing portfolio. We have identified several redevelopment candidates in our core markets that we believe can achieve our targeted 7% to 10% return on incremental capital invested. We will update you should these move beyond the drawing board. We continue to target annual development - redevelopment deliveries that total roughly 5% of the enterprise or $400 million to $600 million. Although our ability to make good on this goal can fluctuate from year-over-year depending on the cost and availability of capital. Next, we are making progress in our search for a new CFO, a shortlist of candidates has been formed, which we are [waiting], as I indicated in last quarter we understand the importance of filling this key position, but UDR possesses the necessary skill set to wait for the right hire. Finally, this morning we announced that the company its ownership interest in four operating communities and two land parcels in our UDR/MetLife I joint venture in addition to $10 million in cash, for an increased ownership interest in The Olivian, an A-plus high-rise building located in downtown Seattle. UDR now owns 50% of The Olivian and the community has been contributed to the UDR/MetLife II joint venture. Importantly, this swap of ownership interest increased our presence in core market Seattle where long-term multi-family fundamentals appear advantageous, conversely it reduced our exposure in non-core markets such Tampa, Charlotte, Houston and Chicago. Additional details can be found in our third quarter press release. With that I will pass the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the third quarter same-store net operating income grew 6.4%, driven by 5.5% year-over-year increase in revenue, same-store expenses increased by 3.6% year-over-year primarily driven by higher real-estate taxes, same-store income per occupied home increased by 5.3% year-over-year to $1402 or same-store occupancy increased by 10 basis points to 95.8%. Sequentially, third quarter NOI increased 0.9%, driven by 1.8% increase in revenue against expense growth of 3.6%. Generally, our third quarter results followed the normal seasonal curve, we have become accustomed to over the years. We have reiterated throughout the year 2012 continues to unfold in line with our expectation. In the third quarter effective rental rate increases on new leases at our same-store communities increased by 4.3% on average. Renewal rate growth remains comparable versus previous quarters averaging 6.5%. Accounting for approximately 25% of same-store NOI, New York, San Francisco, Dallas and Boston were our best performing markets during the quarter. These markets delivered weighted average revenue growth of 8.9% year-over-year. Non-core markets such as Sacramento, the Monterey Peninsula, other mid-Atlantic and Norfolk struggled and generated less than 8% of our same-store NOI in the third quarter. Resident turnover moved up slightly to an annualized rate of 66% in the third quarter, 170 basis points higher than last year at this time. Importantly, turnover growth decelerated as the quarter progressed and it appears that this trend has continued into the fourth quarter. Additionally, the pace at which we have been able to refill move outs with high quality new tenants has now slowed. Turning to the performance of our non-same-store wholly-owned communities 2236 homes or approximately 42% of our non-mature pool were stabilized in both the second and third quarters of 2012. These eight communities generated sequential revenue growth of 1.9% during the third quarter, slightly above our same-store sequential growth of 1.8%. The spread narrowed versus what we reported on the second quarter call as a result of high growth communities transitioning into our same-store portfolio this quarter. Our non-same-store communities now contribute 17% of NOI, down from approximately 24% last quarter. By year-end we expect this to decline to roughly 15% of NOI. Same-store [reported] 1,913 homes entered our quarterly same-store portfolio, including our initial New York acquisition 10 Hanover Square, as well as other high growth communities in San Francisco and Boston. Another 437 non-mature homes will enter our quarterly same-store portfolio in the fourth quarter. By year end 2012 these additions should increase our same-store income per occupied home to roughly $1,430 all else equal. Additional details can be found on our attachment 7B and 7C of our quarterly supplement. Moving on I'd like to address some of the bigger picture questions we fielded during the September conference season regarding multi-family fundamentals. First new multi-family supply, nationally new multi-family supply still appears to be contained versus historical norms despite the most recent permitting data from the census bureau. We gauge the potential impacts of new multi-family supply by how much product was expected to come online in our markets and more precisely our submarkets. If we include every submarket in our core capital warehouse markets where we have at least one community we find that our portfolio will compete with approximately 40% of the total new multifamily supply that is expected to be delivered into these markets over the next two years. However, as we have different levels of exposure to each sub market, a more meaningful measure of the potential impact of new supply in our portfolio is to weight those submarkets we operate in by our respective unit counts in them. This analysis indicates that our portfolio will effectively compete with only 22% of the total new multi-family supply that is expected to be delivered into our core and capital warehouse markets over the next two years. This number is far less concerning than headline expectations would suggest. Second, potential effect that a recovering single-family housing market may have on our business. Many believe that a continued recovery in the single-family housing market will translate into a difficult market for apartment. Two thoughts on them, first, increased housing demand will likely be driven by stronger economy, which suggests better employment growth, both of which are key drivers for continued growth in multi-family demand. Second, while move outs for home purchase will likely increase in conjunction with the single-family recovery, return to the [expresses] of the mid-2000 appears remote. In addition UDR should be better protected against move outs to single-family home purchase and historically was the case as over the past 5 to 10 years the company has transitioned its portfolio into urban locations in coastal markets with low home affordability and a higher propensity to rent. Turning to most - more recent trends, renewal increases spent out through December have averaged 5.7% and we expect to capture most of this increase as is generally the case. With occupancy holding near 96% we're expecting strong fourth quarter results. Finally, I'd like to discuss the change we implemented and how we account from bad debt expense that aligned us more closely with our multi-family peers. Majority of our former residents that had an outstanding balance and less than $1,000 at move outs paid us with a 90 days after vacating. Under our previous policy, cash accounting demanded that we write these balances off immediately upon move out. To better reflect the economics of our collections we have switched to an accrual based method of accounting for bad debt, which resulted in a benefit of $1.9 million and NOI during the quarter. This NOI is not included in our same store results but is included in the development communities and other line item on Attachment 6 in our supplement. Moving forward, we anticipate that an improved collections process will generate an additional $250,000 to $500,000 of NOI per year which will help our same store results. With that I'd like to thank all of our dedicated associates in the field and at our corporate and regional offices for another good quarter. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Eric Wolfe - Citigroup: Thanks, first question is just on the Olivian transaction, could you just walk us through how you thought about the valuation in terms of cap rate in growth prospects for Olivian, Seattle versus the other four assets in the non-core markets. Just trying to get a sense for what do you think the appropriate cap rate [expected] between those for core and or course non-core market?
Tom Toomey: Hey, Eric, good morning, this is Tom. With respect to the cap rate, we look at the transaction is more of a swap of interest. And the cap rate conversation is not as germane to it is as you would normally think is an acquisition because we're selling interest at the same time. And so I tend do not think if it is a cap rate as much as just the swap of interest and cash flow in market position, which [advances] our interest in owning more of Seattle if you will over the long term and little less of Charlotte, Tampa and Houston land et cetera.
Eric Wolfe - Citigroup: Sure, I guess, just to put another way I guess do you say that you're willing to accept the - a little returning in Seattle because it's a core market and you elect that positioning versus those other markets or on a net neutral basis you're trying to swap out equal return assets in your non-core markets, the same return in your core markets.
Tom Toomey: Yeah, I think more of the latter Eric, our personal viewpoint over the long term would be that Seattle urban product at the high rise is probably a better long term assets than you would a Tampa or Charlotte suburban product and certainly and that's our view over the long term, so a more of the latter in your argument.
Eric Wolfe - Citigroup: Okay, and then just question, it sounded like some of your remarks that you really haven't seen much rise in cap rates yet but in obviously as [rents] flow slows you'd expect that if you summarized and why don't you think you've seen it yet or is that more of like a 2013 event?
Tom Toomey: I'll let Harry, who's joining us from Boston today on the call to give you an update on cap rate.
Harry Alcock: Eric, this is Harry, you're right, cap rates have not moved buyers, it mean first of all our business fundamentally continues to be good. So buyers are still I think continue the NOI growth. Secondly, you still have a little bit of a balance between buyers and sellers and still a lot of capital space in these fields and third interest rates continue to be low and even lower. And there's no reason to expect a significant change in the future and obviously as you continue to look forward and you have more of this heavier NOI growth behind us and if there is a change in interest rate to put that time to see a change in cap rates, inevitably that's going to happen but we don't see it happening anytime in the - at least in the next few quarters.
Eric Wolfe - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next question is from the line of Jana Galan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jana Galan - Bank of America: Thank you, good morning. Jerry, can you provide the new lease semiannually increases for October?
Jerry Davis: Absolutely, so far in October new leases are up 2.6% and renewals are up 5.7%.
Jana Galan - Bank of America: Thank you. And then I guess even your renewal outlook through December for 5.7% increases. Do you have a sense of where you're starting 2013 from given the work that you've done in 2012 in terms of revenue growth?
Jerry Davis: You know, we're really not prepared at this point time to give guidance towards revenue growth in 2013.
Jana Galan - Bank of America: Okay. And then maybe just on - the expenses ticked up a bit in your western region, particularly in California which I don't think would be as impacted by real estate taxes, I was wondering if you could give a little bit color around expenses there?
Jerry Davis: Absolutely, yeah, what happened in California in great part last year's we've benefitted from profit adjustment down, where valuations were allowed to go down to - from where we had originally purchased the properties to where the actual values were. Now what happened as valuations have continued to go up over the last 12 to 15 months, you're not - you really don't have a [proper] 13 ceiling of the 2% on the real estate taxes, so what you're really seeing is benefits that we were able to achieve last year in third quarter and you can't replicate that.
Jana Galan - Bank of America: Thank you very much.
Tom Toomey: Jana, this is Tom Toomey, I have couple things to add Jerry's comment on October clearly performing right now inline with our expectations and that's a credit to really Jerry and his team and they've got a very strong occupancy as of this morning where at 96% and I think they'll be able to hold a pretty high occupancy coming into the first part of January of 2013 which should aid us on a number of fronts including pricing power.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dave Bragg with Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
Dave Bragg - Zelman & Associates: Thank you, good morning. Jerry, can you talk about the performance of Orange County during the course of the quarter?
Jerry Davis: Absolutely, yeah, Orange County actually decelerated as far as year-over-year growth and through the first six months of the year, we were up about a 7% close to 7%. And in the third quarter I think we decelerated down to growth and revenue 4.9, anything can happen there Dave is we probably got too aggressive, when we did get too aggressive on renewal increases that we sent out beginning back in May. And it turned out that more of our residents were unwilling to accept that rate, resulted in turnover spiking up in Orange County was 11% higher than it was last year and it kept a lid on occupancy growth. So we ran it with a little lower occupancy at 94.8% than I would have liked and that brought it down [resets] going back adjusted some of our renewal increases got an occupancy backup into the mid 95 in Orange County, and we feel like we're back on pace.
Dave Bragg - Zelman & Associates: So, it seems like you must have add to have lowered your renewal increases in that market in the quarter pretty substantially or was it more so on new move-ins, just trying to think about the 0.2% sequential rent rate growth in that market for the quarter, I can see the occupancy change but on rent gains there was a pretty big drop off.
Jerry Davis: Yeah, a lot of it was in new lease rates, we were running throughout the second quarter at in the high fours to low fives even in July on new leases we were getting about six and then we've had to drop it down to the mid threes, then spent just to gain the occupancies and when I look at the renewals that we were spending now in our - or achieving in Orange County, throughout the quarter the two months we were getting about 6.5% and then we took it down in September to 4.9% and then October so far to 5%.
Dave Bragg - Zelman & Associates: And just a last question on Southern California as a whole, Jerry your peers have sounded a bit more optimistic on this region. The job growth has certainly picked up there and what's your view on your Southern California portfolio going forward relative to the rest of the portfolio?
Jerry Davis: I think it's locale for us we'll probably be on above average -- perform about in 4Q as well as when we got into next year. You know I think the job growth as well as the recovery of rents that are really lagging the rest of the country are going to help. There's limited new supply that's come in directly at us in any given market in Southern California.  Like you said Orange County this past year in last 12 month had about 30,000 jobs added, which is very close to its long-term average. We think that could decelerate slightly next year but not much. LA, LA is picking up pretty well and even though got a little bit of supply coming at us in Marina del Rey and a little bit downturn we think demand is more than sufficient. Now, one other thing I'll tell you, we're working on we've got rehabs that's going on in Southern California, both at in Orange County at Villa Venetia and Pine Brook where we've done a good job of pushing rates there. We're getting about $520 rehab premium on the 56 units we've turned down there. So there is definitely demand for a higher grade property there. At The Westerly which is formerly Marina Pointe up in Marina del Rey is completed about 315 of the unit interiors as well as the bulk of the amenities and units or building exteriors. We've able to get about $450 premium on those.
Dave Bragg - Zelman & Associates: That's helpful. Thank you.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Rosivach with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Andrew Rosivach - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, guys. I'm just curious, Tom, you went through the discussion of development pipeline and the spread the spot cap rates when I look at your NAV or your applied cap rate, the spreads and it's good. And If I fund in my model year development pipeline with equity, it doesn't spruce the accretion and I guess I'm wondering on the back of that and as you thought about other ways of funding your development pipeline especially potentially asset [base].
Tom Toomey: Yeah. Andrew, certainly we've looked at it carefully and both in terms of sizing the development activities and redevelopment activities in and our conclusion is this is that during 2013 we have approximately $700 million in some phase of lease-up and clearly that won't deliver much NOI for '13 but will rebound substantially in '14 as those assets are leased up so. I think what you're going to say as, pose a little tick up in our overall leverage in the first couple quarters of 2013 and then I think it comes substantially down as the NOI gets delivered on those assets. So we see it as both good long-term investments in the development activities and clearly for delivering that fixed or better compared just spot cap rates for lot of these assets be low 4s mid-4s that the NAV creation is there in a long-term and that in a short-term it may be dilutive to earnings and then that's part of a trade we're willing to make, but we do believe the long-term NAV accretion is there.
Andrew Rosivach - Goldman Sachs: And just to paraphrase it sounds like you may be comfortable funding with the remainder of your development pipeline with a combination of retained cash and debt and in the EBITDA would overtime such as that the EBITDA becomes more manageable.
Tom Toomey: Andrew, I think you have it correct there. Clearly we're not interested in issuing stock below NAV and we believe that's probably the right route for us just to grow into it. We'll continue to look at sales, and price it in the market and see what kicks up, but I think a lot of that is dependent on what happens, November fiscal policy all of those other factors and I'm not prepared to give you what the sales environment might be next year, but we feel comfortable absent sales being able to grow our enterprise and grow our NAV and what are the other sales part comes out.
Andrew Rosivach - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for that.
Operator: Our next question is from line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. Any changes to the guidance assumptions, I know you guys didn't provide an update there in the supplemental but just curious if what's your thinking in terms of same-store results there given the wide range?
Tom Toomey: Yeah, Mike this is Toomey and I'll let Jerry follow-up with it but our overall view is to update guidance at the midpoint of each year and on any material activity. And then our view from mid year is that we're still within the strike zone of all of the midpoint of our earlier guidance and feel good about those and until there is not much time, -- need for time to update those activities until pretty much in the strike zone, Jerry, on the same stores?
Jerry Davis: Yeah, Mike. And we read your note and pretty much agree with your math and the assumptions that you came up with, the thing to consider when you're looking at our fourth quarter especially on the revenue. Is it in 4Q11 we ran occupancy at our same store portfolio of 95.1%, because last year we had pushed the rents hard [fetching] turnover occurs and had difficulty reloading rates that we like. This year our expectation to run the fourth quarter in the high 95s like we have the last several quarters as though you're probably going to be looking at I would say 60 to 80 point increase year-over-year in occupancy that will help by get into that midpoint.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful then. Second, could you talk a little bit about LA in San Diego, and they give a lot of good color there, on Orange County, we did see a little bit deceleration there. And then I know you guys give turnover on a trailing 12 month basis, during the first half of the year was up and it seem like it dropped in the third quarter. Do you have what it was actually in the third quarter in terms of the decline?
Jerry Davis: Actually, in third quarter when I compare to the fourth quarter last year I'm not talking to trailing 12 which is an annualize quarter is that we typically give it. It was 170 basis point higher than it was in third quarter of last year at 66.4% then if you look at the nine month annualized, we're currently running about 270 basis points over the last year at 57.2 because 4Q is typically a very low turnover quarter because we have low number of lease exploration. I would think we're going to get down into that 54 or 55 range, which will be 200 to 300 basis point higher than it was to the full year of last year. What we've really seen is probably from about March through July or August our turnover is running 300 to 400 basis points higher than it was last year. In the past few month, we've seen a normalize back down to the point it's virtually flat, with the based on the same properties we own last year so. We thank we've kind of gotten through that layer of residence that had moved in a few years ago. And we were at trough rates, and as we increased rents on them them 6% to 7% over the last couple years, they've gone back to the asset class they were used to living in. And we've reloaded with a higher caliber of residence that we're optimistic will be able to stay with us and we'll see flat turnover going forward. Okay. I can tell you I had just couple of stats is typically asking our net income is still going to have 17% range in our average household income today is about $91,000 on our same store portfolio that's an indication I think. If the quality of the same store portfolio is much higher than it was in years past when that number was more in the 80 range. Then on LA and fairly year ago we have seen LA improved somewhat. In the last quarter again we did push rents there similar to what we did in the Orange County and you know we start turnover there actually go up about 10% also. So kind of the same issue that I said it Orange County we got little aggressive push too hard and it took us too late in the quarters to reestablished their occupancy. Today LA is running about 95.5% is a cost and you know we are optimistic that we have the right things in place and the right strategy to push that forward.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: And finally did you mention what real estate taxes were during the quarter? I understand for the same store how much they were up?
Jerry Davis: I didn't, but I will. They were up 9%. Now we were hit by the prop 8 readjustment in California and then when you look in the some down market predominantly Texas as well as Florida evaluation this year turned and higher we had expected.
Operator: And your next question is from line of (inaudible). Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. On your same store performance in New York which is just essentially Hanover how did that 12% same store revenue growth at 10 Hanover compared to your initial expectation when you bought that asset. 
Tom Toomey: It's probably about in line. You know it may be don't want to hear better but you know we expected only to go and right after and give the increase from what private owner was charging we quite a bit of that as we have gone throughout the year and then there was some concessions that were recovering that have gone away. So there is a little bit I had but not markedly.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And on your development pipeline you guys added stabilization date, information, and it looks like most of the five quarters out usually when we look at year this quarter out, usually when we look at your disclosure for your peers it's two to three quarters up. It had just conservative them on your part that (inaudible) by the type product rebuilding but what's causing five quarters for stabilization.
Tom Toomey: This is Tom, Harry, do you want to take that.
Harry Alcock: Sure. The period that once the last unit is whoever don't take roughly five quarters for the property it become fully occupied and for all her most of the lease-up concession to fully perform, which is more reflective of the real stabilize run rate to the asset.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. There's still some occupancy stabilization on?
Harry Alcock: No.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then last question Tom, you can't talk about this in your prepared remarks. When you look at 2013 how would rank your external growth opportunity between acquisition and development and I guess further activity with the MetLife JV.
Tom Toomey: You know I think it's premature to rank on, but I will tell you I think the acquisition environment are shares or trading today would clearly be a very challenging to find anything that would be a creative. Yeah today's prices then containing ourselves within our leverage metrics and so you probably see us continue to look at a redevelopment platform followed by a development activities and (inaudible) come out. But I think it's going to be the tough acquisition environment for us and we were trained and confined where we want to keep leverage of the enterprise. With that being said I think Jerry has got a very good year coming up in 13. We still see a good strong fundamentals and so the core of the business in operation looks like it's going to have good year mixture.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. I appreciate the color on the year-over-year occupancy compared you are expecting in the fourth quarter. Do you expect to get sequential revenue growth from the third quarter or the fourth quarter, I think you got a little bit last year, expecting that again.
Jerry Davis: Yeah, we will always expect to get sequential growth. I mean we're still raising rents, I think your occupancy level is probably be flattish for most of your growth, is really going to come more through the rent side.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. Next question is, I think you said on the last call that you're expecting the non same-store pool to contribute 10 to 30 basis points the same store growth next year, is that still your expectation or is that increased a little bit given the strong performance in New York.
Jerry Davis: I don't think that's really changed, although I would tell you we're still under midst of doing our budget and so we don't have a firm number yet, but I don't think any of the assumptions I have back then have changed materially.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets: And the last question, am I reading your results correctly that there was a roughly $2.9 million, $3 million tax benefit from RE3 that was included in FFO?
Warren Troupe: Yeah, hi. This is Warren, yes it was. It's a recurring benefit but, as we said it's dependent on how many buildings are held in our TRS at any time.
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets: And was that included in your previous guidance?
Warren Troupe: Yeah. So we expected the fourth quarter benefit will be somewhere what we've realized in the third quarter, but (Inaudible).
Karin Ford - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Tom Toomey: Karin, this is Toomey. Just to add, I think the business is operating just as we thought it would for the second half of the year and Jerry still has pricing power in a lot of his markets as evidenced by his ability to on renewals and new leases traffic always dries off this time of year. And we wouldn't expect that number to change. So I think we've still got good solid fundamentals.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Bilerman of Citi, please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Yeah, good morning. Just sticking, just for a moment on guidance, so the 134 to 139 stands, Tom I think you were talking about everything being at the mid-point so with the buckle 1 done in the first 9 months that sort of leaves you 33% to 38% as implied fourth quarter guidance and I guess if you did 33% in the quarter which was up - propped up a little bit by this accounting change, so let's just call it 32%. How do you get from 32% up to a 33% to 38% range or 35% - 36% as the midpoint.
Tom Toomey: I'll start out with Jerry and finish on as little bit.
Jerry Davis: Well, I can tell you I think, we typically have good growth in the fourth quarter because expenses go down. So some of it will come from that. I think when you said the event in the fourth quarter are you talking about the change in the bad debt, the $1.9 million?
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Yeah, would that affected so is third quarter, so the third quarter you've produced $0.33 but reality it's more closer to $0.32 just given the $1.9 million within FFO, in positive impact that wasn't known before, I assume within your guidance because you never talked about it. So you need almost a $7 million increase in FFO, which is a pretty substantial number on a base of $85 million going into the fourth quarter to hit that midpoint and it just - I don't know where the pieces are to get $7 million of incremental FFO to get you to the midpoint and, I want to make sure that the expectations are correctly adjusted for what you're going to produce in the fourth quarter.
Tom Toomey: This is Tom. A couple of things, Michael, with respect to the third quarter you're also taking a charge for acquisition expense of about $1.1 million, so we probably won't be buying anything in the fourth quarter, that'll be part of it. And the second aspect on your guidance of the range of 33% to 38%, the consensus on the street is about 136, we see it pretty much that way ourselves and I think we'll really leave it at that.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Then just in terms of leverage you and we did the accretive offering, last quarter you talked a lot about bringing your leverage down to peers. We have seen a lot of peers in the apartment specifically continue to over leverage down pretty aggressive use of the ATMs as well as equity issuances. I guess what are your thoughts today. Is the rest of the industry now too low or do you need to move your leverage down further, because you know you spent a lot of time talking about getting from the right hand side of everybody's leverage chart to the middle and from this question I am just trying to figure out how you are thinking about it?
Tom Toomey: We see it in a number of different ways. First, it's not really for us to define where leverage should go. I think lower in the long-term directional is where we're headed and other companies use of ATM seems prudent if they think they are selling stock above NAV. Right now we would probably not be selling stock and we haven't since May added, because we don't believe we're trading anywhere near our NAV estimate. So I don't see the use of the ATM is a way to lower the leverage. The way I see it is unless the enterprise development redevelopment activities mature that will naturally deleverage us as well as operating cash flow growth. So I am not trying to chase the peers if you will. I think today we're right about a [6-9] on debt to EBITDA and all the other metrics look like we're at average or below average, and I think this tree will be prudent and our judgment of this as they see us consistently bring that number down over time. So leverage, that's kind of how we think about it at this present time.
Michael Bilerman - Citi:  Here you have made a comment about the leverage is going to move up in the interim, where did that [6-9] go in your model as you I guess fund the development the development has not yet stabilized. I think that's what you are particularly referring to?
Tom Toomey: Yes, we are and I think in the first two quarters the next year (inaudible) happen and then rapidly start coming down as the NOI from that development redevelopment activity comes online. As you know we're delivering $700 million, which is practically no earning for us in '13 and then '14 has a substantial uptick. So that's how we see it unfolding. In the interim we'll continue to monitor the share price in the sales market and see if we can affect the positive direction on leveraging that way, but we're comfortable with it drifting up slightly for a couple of quarters as people can clearly see the long-term path is towards lower leverage and we think that path is within our control.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Just [surfing] on the exchange this morning, what was the gross value, I know you paid them $10 million in cash to even it out, but what was the gross value including any share of debt between the two?
Tom Toomey: The gross asset value is a little over $400 million. These assets are probably at about 45%, 50% levered.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Then what left in terms of non-core either within the MetLife JV that you would think about selling down either back to your partner or out into the broad market and how much is left non-core on the Company's balance sheet?
Tom Toomey: In Met JV I non-core is probably less than $400 million in our estimation and non-core of the asset, you know we have kind of divided than into two bucket assets that we think we have exhausted the value creation and we think that there will be an opportunity to sell and that's primarily Sacramento and Norfolk. Those assets probably have a gross asset value of probably $250 million and then we have a much more larger pool if you will of what we call warehouse capital, where markets are recovering, we think there is still more value to be cleaned out of the asset through operations or just natural market recovery, and that's probably the Nashville and Florida portfolio, and then those assets are probably - Barry could probably give you a better asset number, probably $1 billion and realize it's in the context of multiple years on $12 billion enterprise. So I think we'll hang onto them for a while, we don't see any particular need to sell them in the short run. In fact it probably wouldn't be prudent to do so.
Michael Bilerman - Citi: Okay, thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Toomey, for closing remarks.
Tom Toomey: Well thank you, all of you for your time today. I know that we're all watching the weather and certainly our (inaudible) go out to those who are going to be impacted by the storm. We stuck with having this call this morning in hope that; one, we would be able to focus our attention on the balance of the week to what damage may occur by the storm and positioning ours assets and our people to help our residents and associates get through this event. We think we're well prepared, anticipated it and again thank you for your time and know that we will see many of you in a couple weeks in San Diego. With that take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes UDR's third quarter 2012 conference call, you may now disconnect. Thank you for using ACT Conferencing.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives:
 : Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President of Operations Christopher G. Van Ens- Vice President of Investor Relations Warren L. Troupe – Senior Executive Vice President Harry G. Alcock – Senior Vice President, Asset Management
Analysts: Jana Galan - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Eric Wolfe – Citigroup David Bragg - Zelman & Associates Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Robert Stevenson – Macquarie Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to UDR's 2Q ‘12 Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only-mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. (Operator instructions). This conference is being recorded today, Monday, July 30, of 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Chris Van Ens, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Christopher G. Van Ens : Thank you for joining us for UDR's second quarter financial results conference call. Our second quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey : Thank you, Chris, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to UDR's second quarter conference call. On the call with me today are Jerry Davis, Senior Vice President of Operations, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. My comments today will focus on three topics; first, broad operating trends and our quarterly results; second, our business plan update; and finally, an update on our CFO search. Following my comments, Jerry will provide additional commentary on the operating results and emerging operating trends. During the quarter our business continued to operate at high level, driven by accelerating new and renewal rental rate growth as well as stable occupancy. Multi-family supply and demand fundamentals continue to provide a strong tailwind for apartment owners and we expect will do so for a number of years to come. And especially for those REIT with portfolios concentrated in markets that exhibit above average job growth, low single-family home affordability, a high propensity to win and limited new multi-family supply pressure. In the second quarter of 2012, core FFO per share of $0.33 increased by 3% year-over-year. Strong year-over-year same-store revenue and net operating income growth of 5.6% and 6.7% respectively, as well as solid execution in our non-same-store portfolio, drove the improvement. Offset by dilution from our late May secondary equity offering. Second, a business plan update. Creating shareholder value remains our top priority. As such we will continue to focus on growing NAV per share and on increasing our cash flow per share, which in turn supports dividend growth. Increasing top line growth and expanding operating margins are low risk, insistent generators of NAV growth per share. Our strong operating platform has historically been one of UDRs hallmarks and we expect will continue to be our primary driver of NAV creation moving forward. Capital allocation is the second variable in NAV growth equation. Over the past few years our portfolio quality and footprint has improved dramatically, primarily the result of purposeful repositioning into coastal gateway markets, while simultaneously selling suburban locations and non-core markets. Some comments with regard to these activities. First, acquisition activity. We intend to further expand our presence in our core markets over time. Markets that exhibit above average job growth, low home affordability, a high propensity to rent and limited new multifamily supply pressures. The capitalization of any future acquisition will be determined in the context of a lower leveraged operating model, but currently there are limited number of deals that fit our acquisition criteria. Second, disposition activity. We are on a number of communities located in non-core markets, but not all non-core markets are equivalent in our view. Let me break them down. We have several markets that do not fit our long-term operating plan and we intend to exit them over the next 12 to 18 months. Combined, these markets represent $200 million to $400 million of value, minimal when compared to our total enterprise value. Beyond these, we operate in a number of geographies that do not fit our long-term plan, but serve as warehouses of capital until sold. These market would comprise the majority of our non-core portfolio are more susceptible to new supply and generate lower rents and margin than our coastal market. Some of these markets include Florida and Nashville, are generating solid results currently. We are in no hurry to sell these assets and these solid performers. Their ultimate disposition will depend on potential use to the proceeds, asset pricing and the cost of alternative capital sources at the time of sale. When the time is right these depositions will be consummated in the usual course of business and will represent normal capital recycling. Moving on to development and redevelopment. We intend to deliver roughly 5% of the enterprise annually; this implies the development and redevelopment pipeline into $1 billion to $1.5 billion range, versus our current pipeline of $1 billion. When assuming a constant dollar funding approach, and a two to four-year average construction cycle. First, development, new development is an attractive option to drive external growth whereas acquisitions are often event-driven and therefore their timing is difficult to predict. Development represents relatively predictable capital investment. Our current $742 million pipeline is 45% funded and 80% of it is scheduled to be delivered by the end of 2013. With stabilized yields the 100 basis points to 150 basis points above spot cap rates on average. We are confident in the value creation these project represent and will continue to target core coastal markets for future expansion. Second, redevelopment. Redevelopment often is minimized in our prepared remarks but should not – given it's important to our business as well as significant value creation potential. Our current $279 million pipeline is 15% funded and 35% of it is scheduled to be delivered by the year end 2013. We continue to evaluate our existing portfolio for redevelopment opportunities and have identified candidates located in key markets including Southern California, Washington D.C. and San Francisco. One final point on redevelopment. Our projects go beyond simple kitchen and bath upgrades. When redeveloping a community our objective is twofold; we aim to meaningfully grow rental rate while also achieving cap rate compression through asset quality improvement. All of our redevelopments are significant undertaking. Moving on to cash flow per share growth. We expect that our improving operation as well as real estate investment we've made over the past three years will drive growth in years ahead. With regard to the balance sheet, we've reached peer average leverage metrics following our late May equity offering in the subsequent community disposition activity. We have worked diligently over the past three years to deleverage our balance sheet and do not intend to re-risk it, even as we continue to examine growth opportunity, we expect that this strategy will yield dividends moving forward, especially in more volatile economic times. Finally, our CFO search has progressed. We have retained an executive search firm. We understand the importance of filling this position in a timely manner, but we also have the necessary skill set at UDR to wait for the right hire. To summarize all aspects of our business continue to perform well. With that, I’ll pass the call over to Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis : Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone. We’re pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the second quarter, same-store and operating income grew 6.7%, driven by 5.6% year-over-year increase in revenue and somewhat offset by expense growth of 3.3% versus last year at this time, same-store income per occupied home increased by 5.6% to $1,330 while same-store occupancy remained flat at 95.8%. As we indicated on our first quarter conference call, 2012 is unfolding according to plan. In the second quarter, effective rental rate increases on new leases at our same-store communities accelerated 4.5% on average. Renewal rate growth remained comparable versus previous quarters averaging 6.5% higher per year. Accounting for approximately 31% of our same-store NOI, San Francisco, Boston, Austin, Dallas and Orange County were our best-performing same-store markets during the quarter, delivering weighted average revenue growth of 8.5% year-over-year. Market such as other Mid-Atlantic, Sacramento markets and Monterey Peninsula struggled, contributed a relatively minimal 9% of same-store NOI in the second quarter. Weighted average revenue growth for these markets was 0.4% year-over-year. Resident turnover remains relatively contained at an annualized rate of 58% for the second quarter, 300 basis points higher than last year at this time. Importantly the pace at which we've been able to refill move out has not slowed. Turning to the performance of our non-same-store wholly-owned communities. 4,600 homes are approximately 65% of our total non-mature pool were stabilized during both the first and second quarters of 2012. These 14 communities generated sequential revenue growth of 3.6% during the second quarter, far outperforming our same-store sequential revenue growth of 2.0%. Our non-mature communities now contribute 26% of NOI down from approximately 32% last quarter. As 2012 progresses we expect this to decline to approximately 15% of NOI by year-end. As you can see on Attachment 7(C) Highlands and Marin, a redevelopment located near San Francisco and (indiscernible), the first phase while the Vitruvian Park project both entered our same-store pool during the second quarter. Another 2,350 non-mature homes around our same-store portfolios by year-end 2012. These are primarily located in higher growth markets including Washington D.C., San Francisco, Boston and New York and have a weighted average income per occupied home of 2,185 in the second quarter. By year-end 2012 these additions should increase our same-store income per occupied home to roughly 1,385 all else being equal. Additional details can be found on attachment 7(B) of our quarterly supplement. A brief update on New York. As many of you head during our Columbus Square property tour, our Manhattan acquisitions are still generating above market rate rent growth, the blended new and renewal leases increasing 8% to 12%. This level of growth has not impacted occupancy which averaged approximately 96% during the quarter. The Rivergate redevelopment is progressing and we have 33 homes through the end of second quarter and achieved rent increases in line with expectation. Moving on, I want to address the question that I’m frequently asked. What is the next six to nine months or longer looked like from an operations perspective? The dominate thing that we have seen over the past few quarter continue to hold true with our view that apartments still has a good runway for growth over the coming years. First, we expect the general economic recovery to remain choppy, but many of our markets should continue to exhibit incremental steady growth. Year-to-date the majority of our core markets have generated job growth above the national average. Second, demand for apartments remains robust, especially in urban coastal markets. In addition more cyclical geographies such as Florida and Texas are generating improved results. Finally, new multifamily supply. Typically new supply has been a predominant driver behind a slowdown in rental rate growth as the recovery progresses. However, new multifamily supply pressures still appear moderate, deliveries is this year and next are expected to be below or at worst near historical averages in many of our markets. The single family rental market has not negatively impacted our business, now you will not see this as a significant risk given our substantially reduced exposure to markets with high single-family affordability. In short, we continue to see a good runway for growth in the multi-family space over the near and in immediate term. Turning to more recent results. Through the majority of July renewals continue to trend well, up 6.7% or 60 basis points above last July's result. Renewal increases sent out for the remainder of the third quarter have averaged 6.5%, and we expect to capture close to all of this increase as is generally the case. With occupancy holding close to 96%, we expect that third quarter results will be strong. A couple of words on expenses. You’ll notice that year-to-date same-store expense growth of 1.6% is still below our 2012 guidance of 2% to 3% growth. We continue to believe that our guidance will prove accurate, expense comps toughen in the second half of the year. Turnover is expected to incrementally increase and higher real estate taxes are expected to hit. As a reminder, we provided updated 2012 guidance at June NAREIT conference. These expectations can be found in our second quarter press release published this morning. Assuming no further equity raises for the balance of the year our 2012 fully diluted share count will be approximately 252.7 million. Finally, I would like to direct everyone's attention to a couple of new attachments in our quarterly supplement. First, on Attachment 4(B) you’ll see a debt covenant analysis. Second, you’ll see a new development layout on Attachment 9(A) which better illustrate redevelopment versus the under construction project. With that operator, I’d like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and Gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question and answer session. (Operator instructions). One moment please for our first question. Our first question comes from the line of Jana Galan, with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jana Galan - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to get a little bit more detail on the turnover and if you are seeing any changes based on reasons for a move out or maybe elevated turnover in geographies versus others?
Jerry A. Davis : Sure. This is Jerry. We are seeing reasons for turnout. They are pretty consistent with what they have been. Move outs to home purchase is up about 100 basis points from where it’s been running at about 13%, and the markets you are really seeing that in for the most part are the locations like Austin, Nashville, Richmond, the Inland Empire and one surprising one where we are seeing an increased move out to home purchases in Boston. Most of our West Coast markets, with the exception of San Diego, are still seeing move out to home purchase under 10%. So, West Coast affordability is still difficult for most of our renters. And when you look at move outs to rent increase, it's been growing each of the last probably five quarters and today it stands at about 8%. One area that we have seen a slight reduction year-over-year in move out reasons is money issues, which is skips evictions, lost jobs things like that. And markets where we’re seeing an increase in front over to the first six months, they are predominantly in the West Coast markets where we’ve had quite a bit of pricing power. And -- So, we've been increasing people over the last two to three years and those happen to be the markets where three years ago our peak to trough rents dropped the most, so your B renter was able to move into an A property or your C renter was able to move into a B, and now we’ve escalated rents to a level where they’ve gone back to where that was before.
Jana Galan - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : Thank you, Jerry. And I believe in your prepared remarks you said you expected to continue to increase in the back half of the year. Do you mean higher than this kind of 58% level or is it just the year-over-year turnover that’s increased?
Jerry A. Davis : No, I think year-over-year turnover for the year is probably going to be three to four basis points over what it was last year, which will put us in that probably 55% to 56% for the year. Third quarter historically is our highest turnover quarter. So it usually gets north of 60 on an annualized basis, but then it comes down significantly as you get into the fourth quarter.
Jana Galan - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Karin Ford, with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi good morning. I wanted to ask Tom about a comment in your press release where you said most of the heavy lifting on de-levering and repositioning are behind us. Can you just talk about where you see UDR when you say most? What type of percentage that means for each one of those activities where we are today?
Thomas W. Toomey : Certainly Karin, and good morning. With respect to the portfolio when we look at it, we start with its $12 billion enterprise today and our portfolio in the Southeast, which is somewhere, around 12%, 15% of the enterprise is a portfolio that’s performing very well. Strong NOI growth this recent quarter and we expect that to continue over time, but it probably doesn't fit the long long-term aspect of where we would like to be, which is basically from DC to Boston and the West Coast. And so as a result, we view it as a warehouse piece of capital that over time if opportunities are found, developments are completed, we’ll look at the pricing that we can achieve in that portfolio and then redeployed the capital into there. So we are looking at it as relatively a static $12 billion enterprise and asking ourselves, when do we and how do we move out of those markets? And we feel no rush, in fact the performance and where it looks like we’ll probably hang on to them for some extended period of time, but it’s a directional aspect and I would not probably see us be an active seller of those anytime soon. Jerry or Harry, would you add anymore to that?
Jerry A. Davis : Well the market started talking about the South Eastern markets, and we are talking about three major cities that are Nashville, Tampa, Orlando, I think they had same-store NOI growth of about 9%, interest rates are low there continue to be investor interest. So to the extent, we do decided to sell those markets in the future. We expect that to be very liquid markets. There are a couple of markets that we would expect to probably sell in the short-term. We are done for the year given for a variety of reasons, but as we look into the relatively near-term, there are a couple of markets that we probably look to exit that might be to $200 million to $400 million in total.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. And just on the delivering front as well, following the equity deal and the portfolio of sales. Now where do you think you are versus your plan today?
Thomas W. Toomey : I think we are in line with our peer group and our intent is to stay in line with the peer group and any activity undertaken in the future will be to continue to be in line with the peers. So I don't think you’ll see us make dramatic moves one way or another the natural growth of the cash flow of the enterprise will help. In addition as we refinance maturing debt will help, but we are comfortable continuing to be in line with the peer group.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe, with Citi Group. Please go ahead.
Eric Wolfe – Citi Group: Hi, thanks. Just a question on your operating guidance. It looks like you are expecting around 5.5% revenue growth this year. So I just wanted to sort of break it down in terms of the different components and see what your expectations are. It would sound like from your commentary that you are sort of expecting this mid-6 renewal rate, this kind of growth continuing mid-4s on new leases and sort of flattish growth on occupancy. Is that pretty much what you are expecting for the balance of the year?
Jerry A. Davis : Yeah. I would say that's what I am expecting for third quarter. I think when you get to fourth quarter, if history repeats the way it has the last two to three years you will see the new lease rate growth decelerate down to the 2% range. I think the renewals do tend to stay fairly strong that this year our expectation is to back down a hair on the renewal increases probably starting in October. So, instead of being in that 6, 6.5 range I think we are going to get down more in line into the 5.5 because last year we saw our occupancy in 4Q dropped to 95.1. Our preference is to keep occupancy north of 95.5. But this is pretty normal seasonality, but yeah the midpoint of the guidance is 5.5, that's where we are at right now. I continue to see strength in most of our markets and very little deceleration.
Eric Wolfe – Citi Group : Great. That’s helpful. And then you mentioned that some of your non-core markets were performing very well. I think you said 9% same-store NOI growth. Is it surprising to you that these markets are doing so well, even though they don’t have a lot of the characteristics that you would seem to want in markets that presumably obviously the most obvious is, home ownership is quite much more affordable. So, I’m just curious if that's surprising to you at all and whether that makes you more inclined to kind of keep a decent percentage of those non-core markets in your portfolio over the long-term?
Thomas W. Toomey : Eric, this is Tom and then I’ll ask Jerry to comment as well. My view, over the long period time, you look at those markets and they are bouncing off the bottom. In case of Florida, it was five years of down trending on rent and NOI growth and now it’s coming back up and it probably has a good two to three year run in it. But in that time frame development pipelines will start to rebuild rapidly and will represent a threat to the long-term value of those assets. And so for us, I think, we’re going to ride the cash flow up and then we'll look at it, and ask ourselves when are they are going to get threatened by supply or any other economic downturn that may occur there, and we’ll timeout our exit and repositioning of those dollars accordingly.
Jerry A. Davis : I would agree. There is very little supply coming into those markets. When you look at the long-term average, for example, when Nashville is to add almost 2% of supply a year and over the next year it’s only going to add about 1.4%, and you look at that same metric in Tampa. Tampa usually adds almost 2%, it's looking like they’ll add 1.2%. And then Orlando typically adds just under 3% a year, and it’s only going to add 1.2%. So, very little new supply and I would say, in addition to what Tom said, in those markets we do have no exceptional management teams that probably outperform the market in general.
Eric Wolfe – Citi Group: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Bragg, with Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
David Bragg - Zelman & Associates : Hi, good morning. Just a couple extra questions here on the disposition plans that were outlined at the beginning. The $200 million to $400 million of near-term sales. Can you talk a little bit more about what markets those would be in?
Thomas W. Toomey : Yeah. This is Tom. I think they're going to continue to always look at what we can do with the Norfolk portfolio, the Sacramento portfolio. I mean we feel like we have assets there that are generating decent cash flows, but its tough when you have a boat go out and it takes – drops your occupancy from 97% to 90%. And that volatility to sustain cash flow growth and pricing power is awful hard to continue in that market. I think Jerry and his team done a great job of operating them. So we will see what they fetch in price and then if they don't, we are glad to run them and continue to generate the cash flow off of them.
David Bragg - Zelman & Associates: Okay. That’s helpful and I think Jerry alluded to this, but are you currently marketing anything for sale now?
Jerry A. Davis : No.
David Bragg - Zelman & Associates : Okay. And last question is, under what scenario might we see you buy any assets in the next few quarters?
Jerry A. Davis : Well I think that the scenario that would cause us to buy something would be finding the right asset and having the ability to capitalize that appropriately. So I think, look -- we are continually in the market looking at better deals like everyone else. We simply haven't found anything of size that we’re comfortable with pricing or have been able to make a deal with the seller. In fact we brought a couple land parcels. We have got a couple smaller deals now that are really contiguous to existing properties so we can sort of obtain that at operating efficiency. But if you think about it, we haven’t bought anything of size for several quarters, Columbus; we made that deal on the fourth quarter last year, closed in the first quarter this year. So we’re continually out there looking, we just simply haven't found deals between these off-market deals that we like to look at and we just simply haven’t been able to strike a deal with the seller.
Thomas W. Toomey : David, what I would add is, our view of an ideal transaction would probably be something that is first off market adjacent to or very close to our existing communities where we have some operating efficiency that has a redevelopment potential, something we can look at over time horizon and have a very high comfort that both, we can grow NAV through one of our three metrics and drivers, which would be either ground-up development, the operating platform, or the redevelopment platform. And we are not going to find that in trying to win an option for Class A urban asset where a dozen people show up. And so hence we see them, but we were not overly engaged by them and don’t see the upside for us or our shareholders in doing so. So I think we'll stay more focused in the off market and it’s probably a quiet period, we anticipated it being a little bit more quiet. I think we’ll be intrigued at what happens in the pending tax code and rate structure and if that triggers a selling window. But mostly the assets we’re looking for aren’t really going to be in that caliber. So I think you'll see a lot Bs come to the market, probably not stuff we are going to look at unless we really think it’s well located and got to rehab. So I would expect us to be pretty quiet for the balance of the year on the acquisition front and we’ll look at it from their next year and see how the market evolves.
David Bragg - Zelman & Associates : Okay. That’s helpful. And then just one last related question. Tom, you opened last call and you spoke about improving the portfolio both as it relates to the market mix but also urbanizing the portfolio itself within core markets. So we’ve talked a lot on this call about the first part. Can you touch on the second and what markets that are core markets of yours would you like to urbanize the portfolio and how much work does that involve?
Thomas W. Toomey: That's just a long-term directional aspect of it. I tend to think when we look at our portfolio we really break down each market into quartiles of sub-markets and we stay very focused on wanting to be in the two upper quartiles and I think over time we'll continue to examine how those sub-markets evolve and position ourselves accordingly. It gives us what I'd call just a direction. Timing on exiting and urbanizing you know it is just part of normal capital recycling of the enterprise for us. We don't feel like that $12 billion (indiscernible) urgency to try to grow the enterprise significantly. We will naturally over time as the cash flows grow and the development, redevelopment activities come online but we are comfortable with our size and a steady growth trajectory. I think that's how I think about it and the Group thinks about. Anyone wants to add anything?
David Bragg - Zelman & Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Swaroop Yalla with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Tom, you mentioned growing your development pipeline to 1.5 billion. If you can you talk about the markets where you're planning to do that. And also do you worry about the increase in supply effecting your development plan?
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, I think for us when we look at the size and scope of the development pipeline, we look at the triangulation of our skill set, our capital structure, our debt maturities and maintaining financial flexibility and leverage of the enterprise. And so those will probably be the governor of how big of a development pipeline we’ll get. The second, we’ve of targeted initially at this space in the company at about $0.5 billion of annual delivery. We think that’s prudent. On the specific market, we’re certainly going to weigh what the supply threat looks like, but as a long-term value creator, long-term holder, you can’t get swayed by what the next six months pipeline or year pipeline looks at. You have to look over the long period of time and then I think we’ll just weigh through that factual discipline in determining where and when and how much our development shapes.  And I’ll just remind just remind, I think one thing that does go unsaid very often is the redevelopment efforts that we undertake and the value creation in those. And you’ve visited a number of our redevelopment efforts and you can classify them as much more than kitchen and bath. We’re actually changing both the cash flow trajectory of the asset, but also the cap rate aspect of it. And we think there's a lot of value in that and that Southern California is a perfect example of that market where we can rehab and we do not lose all the cash flow or the community. We in fact retain a lot of the existing residents at the new higher rent and that's underway right now at Rivergate in New York and we’re having a very good success there as well.
Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley: Got it, that’s helpful. And then Jerry, what percentage of NOI, the non-same-store pool would enter the same-store pool by 1Q. You guys have a good breakdown in the south now with the number of properties, but if you can just quantify the percentage of NOI which will enter by 1Q. I think that’s when most of your New York assets enter the same store pool.
Jerry A. Davis: As of right now, 26% of our NOI is in non-same-store. By year-end non-same-store will be 15%. I don't have handy exactly what it will be in one quarter, but we can look that up and get back to you.
Thomas W. Toomey: It is fair to say that the entire portfolio is at about $1,500 a month in rent. And so we just kind of gravitate. If we don’t do anything, it kind of rolls itself into and you’ve got to be probably as you said over the next four quarters.
Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Thanks. Good morning. A housekeeping question for you. What the amount of the one-time vesting charge in G&A?
Warren L. Troupe: Paula this is Warren. It was $3.8 million.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Thanks. And did you incur any one-time cost in relation to Dave Messenger’s departure?
Warren L. Troupe: We had a very small associated with some stock that had vested during the quarter, not as a result of the departure but just normal vesting.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thanks. And then what was the transaction that generated the gain in the TRS?
Thomas W. Toomey: It was Belmont.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you. And then just a bigger quick picture question for Tom. Could you just give us a little bit more color on the CFO search? Are you already reviewing candidates? Are you seeing the breadth of – in-depth of quality and skill sets that you are hoping to see? Just kind of give us a little bit of color on where you are in the process?
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, certainly, Paula. We’ve engaged a search firm in that and we’ve had a number of people come forth and offer themselves as candidate and we have looked at internal candidates and that process is really just beginning and we feel very comfortable with the executive group participating in that and the depth of the team and Mark Schumacher and his skills in the financial reporting area. So we feel like we can take our time and be very selective and thoughtful about the process and fell that we’ll find the right person for the company.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: And what are the defining characteristics of the right person given the blend of the skill sets you already have in the team?
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, we would like a guy that could finish the 4 by 100 in the pool and win the gold. I think it’s fair to say that there is a lot of characteristics we are going to look at. We are going to look at the entire attribute of the candidate, but it’s really an opportunity for us as a Company to get somebody that’s probably going to be active, engaged with the street in communication, but can go anywhere in the enterprise and make it more efficient, more profitable and culturally fit with this executive group and the Company’s culture in the field. So I think those of the attributes to start. There are a lot of qualified people out there who will fit those and we’ll just go through meticulously and get the right person for us.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Thanks Tom, appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. Jerry, first question. Can you give us the loss to lease statistic for the portfolio and also what your expectations are for D.C. just given the amount of supply coming online the second half of year?
Jerry A. Davis: Sure. Loss to lease at the end of the quarter, Mike, was 4.9%. That's down from the same time last year when it was I think high fives. So it's still maintaining at a good level and if you look at that blend really between my new leases and my renewals, it blends into that mid-fives range. So we feel good about that. D.C. for the remainder of year, we were, I guess little pleasantly surprised that we saw our year-over-year growth actually accelerate in second quarter versus first because a couple of our properties in Arlington had lease-ups that completed earlier in the first quarter so we didn't have that stress on us. There is a lot of new supply coming as you know in D.C. over the next 12 to 14 months. I think for the remainder of this year we'll stay probably in that 4% revenue growth range and I think we are going to be stressed a little bit as we get into 2013 in D.C. I don't think it's going to go negative, but my guess is that revenue growth will probably be about half of what it was this year.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, appreciate the color there. I don't know if you look at it this way, but if you look at the non-same-store portfolio maybe adjusting for periods where you didn't own the assets, but do you have a same-store number, I mean a year-over-year growth number for the non-same-store portfolio kind of on a comparison basis?
Jerry A. Davis: We have tried so hard to figure out the best way to communicate that and we had difficulty going back to last year because in many cases we either didn't own the asset or so we don't have reliable financial data or it was – it wasn't mature yet and stabilized. So the metric we’ve really try to use more to show is performance versus our same-store is to look at sequential data because it was typically stabilized in 1Q. When you look at that, our non-same-stores that were stabilized in 1Q were growing revenues at 3.6% and our same-store was going at two. So it’s almost double the rate.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that’s helpful. Then finally just on the investment front and you guys talked not expecting a significant amount of acquisitions in the second half of the year. What should we expect in terms of development starts and also additional land investment?
Thomas W. Toomey: This is Tom. I think in our prepared remarks we’ve described on a relative number of times between 70% and 80% of the development pipeline, redevelopment, so almost $1 billion. 70% to 80% of that will be delivered in the next – by the end of 2013. So if that comes out of the pipeline we’ve got to add back into ‘14 and ‘15 deliveries. So we’ll be looking at that and again kind of stay in that confines of about 500 million of annual delivery number. So that’s what we’ll be targeting and we think we have a pipeline that probably fits that, meaning the inventory that we already controlled and are just going through the process of defining scope, product and starts. So I think we are well on the way of being able to sustain that level without having to go into the market and finding new opportunities.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. But your guidance for the second half of the year does contemplate additional starts, correct?
Thomas W. Toomey: No. It really doesn’t – probably more of the guidance is what we’re going to spend on the existing assets that are already underway. If we find, if we’re able to finalize plans on some of the stuff that we're looking at today than obviously we will kick it into the start mode, but we’re still in a steady mode on those and scope mode and just not prepared at this time to put forth exactly what will be built because we are still trying to figure that our self.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Stevenson with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Robert Stevenson – Macquarie: Good morning guys. Tom, just to follow-up on the last question. What’s the level of land that you guys either option or controlling that’s not appearing on the attachment 9A on the supplemental? How material is that?
Thomas W. Toomey: Really the only other land parcels that we have that don’t show up on the schedules are the land parcels that we own with MetLife. So there is 10 of those parcels remaining. Some of those we will develop over time. We have very small ownership interest, but in the future that could change.
Robert Stevenson – Macquarie: Okay. So the Wilshire and the 7 Harcourt plus what you've got left at Vitruvian, is basically the owned and then you’ve got Beach Walk, Fremont and Pier 4 in Boston which are JV sites and outside of that your land that you control is relatively minor outside of that land?
Thomas W. Toomey: Rob, I think you missed the Fremont site in San Francisco. We control that as well.
Robert Stevenson – Macquarie: Okay. All right. And then, Jerry, you had a comment early on about skips and evicts being pleasantly surprised there. Where is that that trending and has it been sort of consistent despite the – over the last few quarters despite what you've been seeing in terms of move out the financial reason?
Jerry A. Davis: Yeah. It typically runs for us at about 0.4% of potential rents and that’s a long-term average. Last year in the quarter, I think it spiked up to 0.5%, maybe 0.6%, but we don’t see that growing anymore. It’s staying fairly stable and it’s really sub-market driven and it hits as much harder at our lower rent markets than those tertiary areas.
Thomas W. Toomey: I would also add that, I think Jerry has done a great job of moving the vast majority – 85%, 87% of the residents pay us online at the first of the month, so we are able to identify people that are going to struggle, are the slow pay piece and years gone past and including most of the private sector, you get that drift in by the 10th or the 15th of the month before you realize you have an issue and we pretty much know it by the third to fourth day of the month who is going to be a problem and you are able to jump on it by narrowing the bandwidth and excuses. So I think you can operate in that range and that electronic payment has helped us a great deal in that area.
Robert Stevenson – Macquarie: Is that going to be moving more now that you're in more urban areas like New York City where the eviction process is long and drawn-out and things of that nature? I believe Boston and other parts of California have issues as well. Does that change the dynamics there at all?
Jerry A. Davis: I don’t think so, you are right, it’s harder to get those guys out in places like New York, Boston and the West Coast. But I think as you go to a higher-end resident profile, they don’t live as much paycheck-to-paycheck. So your better quality resident offset the more difficulty with the court systems.
Robert Stevenson – Macquarie: Okay. And then one just odd ball question. What’s the relative number of corporate units in the portfolio these days?
Jerry A. Davis: It’s probably – it’s hard to get a totally accurate count. I think it’s in the 2% to 3% range.
Robert Stevenson – Macquarie: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Thank you. Good morning. First question; just going to the guidance for the rest of the year, I don't recall the $0.03 of RE3 gains being in the guidance before. Is there anything upcoming in the back half of the year like any other either RE3 or one-timer gains?
Thomas W. Toomey: This is Toomey. No.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Okay. And was there a reason that that wasn't disclosed in the NARIET where you provided the full year guidance update. Was there any reason why that gain wasn't included on that page?
Christopher G. Van Ens: This is Chris. When we sold the Belmont there was the $0.03 of gain. There was $0.02 – a little over $0.02 of gains in our original guidance. So the difference there was not all that meaningful.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Okay. And then second question is looking on the JV page Attachment 9B, if I just do the yield out of the various JVs, the MetLife I, the original Hannaford MetLife JV, the yield on that looks to be about 100 basis points lower than the second MetLife JV and the KFH. When do you think we would expect the first MetLife JV that yield to be more in line with the others?
Thomas W. Toomey: My view is that Met JV I is still in a transition period and that we are not done working with Met on that portfolio and what it will ultimately be for UDR. So, I think, it is premature to look at it or look at it in light of catching JV too, because it’s in a state of evolution. Second aspect it is will improve as we just continue to operate the assets which are doing very well and that is very happy with as well. On KFH, I think after looking at it, adjusting for the management fee structure on that, returns will probably get better in that JV too. So, that one is probably just not a full complexion there. When you look at just the NOI, you have to really look at the fee structure that’s also added to that and those are probably above 5, 5.5 range.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Okay. But Tom, on the MetLife I, what are some of the things that you guys are doing that would improve, because I think you’ve had it now for about two years or so. So what are the some of the things that would improve the yields as you guys manage that portfolio?
Thomas W. Toomey: I think one, the commercial space there’s always the challenges that relates to the retail and getting tenants in there. The second is, we’re continuing to refine and move those rents pretty rapidly and those improve as well and lastly is just a continued effort on the expense side. So, normal operation stuff that Jerry does day in and day out, we just see a pretty good expose trajectory out of those assets. And we continue to have a dialogue with Met on a wide range of things about what to do with JV I and we’ll continue that dialogue and feel like it’s going very well.
Jerry A. Davis: I would add Alex, there is probably two, maybe three assets in that Met I that completed lease up mid way to late last year with heavy concessions. So as you continue to have that concession burn off, that should garner some benefit over the next 12 months.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, thanks. Tom, a question for you. I think the general population public that follows you trusts the Company. You've made some pretty substantial investments over the recent past in some of these core markets. And I think generally speaking, like I said, people have a trust for your Company and your decisions. But even Mickey Mantle struck out a few times. So I’m curious, what could happen or what are you contemplating in growth going forward for these major investments, mainly acquisition for them to work out for you? Do you have any expectation for growth that you could share and what happens if rent growth decelerates substantially? Will they still make sense to you?
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, Rich, a lot of different embedded questions inside of that and where I would start with is, I guess every one of them was undertaken with the thought that we could grow the value of the asset and add to the overall enterprise. And so in many cases you look at New York, we look at it at a point in time and say we think these assets have embedded operating efficiency which will get us over the initial low cap rate and Jerry has delivered on that. The second phase of that is that we think they are well located for future job growth and they are generally what I call a B type portfolio quality where high propensity to rent, job growth, lack of supply is going to drive outsized cash flow growth and our operating model is basically keeping them full and at higher rents. And lastly is looking at them for redevelopment efforts and that we feel like a lot of them are well located and that we can continue to add to capital to them and incrementally get outsized returns on that incremental capital for rehab and Jerry has done very much that at Rivergate where he has turned 38 doors and he is getting an average rent increase of 25%. And many of the people who are living there are just moving to new units. So that’s the type of long-term value creation that we have looked at when we've bought assets and I think we would continue to do that.  We know it’s a very competitive landscape. We prefer buying from non-marketed, non-auctioned deals because we think we can identify those and we have a track record of successfully executing on those. So I think that’s the first aspect of growing the enterprise. We’re not intent on a site as much as we are intent on an NAV creation model and things getting in that and the big part of NAV creation is, what’s your cost of capital and are you adding to it, are you destroying it? And so in our like view we think we've been adding to it. It takes time sometimes to deliver on that and we appreciate people’s patience and willing to go look at the assets and see and walk them with us and I think you've done it a number of times and you can see what we're doing and you look at it and say, yes, you are executing on what you told us you would do and we’ll continue to do that. We want to be very transparent and very clear to our shareholders that we intend to grow NAV and that we have a team that can do that and we’re going to continue to garner opportunities. We don't know what size and scope they are going to bring, but we’ll be disciplined about it.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: If you had known – if you knew that in 2014, 2015 rent growth in some of these markets would decelerate meaningfully, would you still have a view of buying these assets and thinking longer-term or would you maybe…
Thomas W. Toomey: Yeah, I’ll let Harry add to it, but certainly it’s a fair question and we think of what are the potential outcomes of economic downturn and will we slide into a recession which looks like a higher probability every day. And our view is that multi-family has done very well in a recessionary environment. And if you look through the number of recessions I’ve been through, multi-family holds up better than any other asset class and we think that will be true again in this next recession that will come. So you can’t necessarily look and try to time it and say, gosh, we think ‘13 is going to be this way and ‘14. We tend to take a longer term view and realize that in the markets that we’re in there is a higher propensity to rent, there is less likely to be supply and that job we’ve try to concentrate on it, but we’re not always going to it right. The healthcare law is going to spawn a whole new wave of job additions and growth in a number of markets and we are weighing that as well in our future. But we’re a long-term value creator and you’re not going to get it always right on timing, but if you buy right, you run it right, over long period of time we’ll do just fine.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Understood and obviously that’s the right answer, long-term focus on making big investments. And then, Jerry, just a question to you. How much does the addition of the non-same-store assets influence your same-store guidance, if at all? Does it add 50 or 100 basis points for the growth?
Jerry A. Davis: For which year?
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: I mean, obviously it’s not going to get in until deep into the second half, so how would you characterize it for – not to give guidance on, unless you want to give guidance. But for 2013, do you think you could add 50 or 100 basis points to the pool just because of the newness of the asset?
Jerry A. Davis: I doubt it. It’s not quite that much. My guess is it’s probably somewhere 10 to 30 bps.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks guys. Actually Tom, I’m just curious for your perspective. Some of your peers have suggested that construction activity in the industry, which has been growing is a bit of a bubble, that these are projects that were planned and permitted and not built last cycle and that once we chew through them the pace of growth is going to moderate or at least maybe not climb above current level. How are you thinking about supply I guess nationally and what you do see is more of a passive growth in your markets over the next few years?
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, a very good question and give me a liberty to talk broadly about it. We talk to a number of merchant building models and for us one of the red signals is when we talk to them about are they doing one-off deals, the source of their capital, their expected returns and are they entering into programs and programs are where you have an investor who says, I’m going to do three, four, five deals with you. And what’s been no to us in the past, when people have seen rapid increases in the supply part of the equation, has been when there have been a number of programs offered up or investors having capital that can sustain that and we’re not finding that in the environment today as I'm aware of probably a dozen merchant build very skilled groups. I'm only aware of one who has a program at this time. And so investor capital is very cautious about supplying them and they are very skilled at garnering sites, entitlements and putting up things rapidly. So the second aspect of that and I think is under weighed by the space is the impact of Basel III on the capital structure of bank, and that a lot of supply comes from regionals and local banks, more so than the nationals.  And by getting – having to come into compliance with Basel III, we think it’s going to be a constraint on the construction loan side, which has a higher capital requirement, which in essence banks are going to say they want to be paid more for that and who is going to charge more in the construction financing side or constrain the amount of lending on it. So I think that those two factors are the ones that we look at and draw a little bit of comfort that the supply is not going to get out of hand. That being said, if our rents continue to grow dramatically capital will find a way to garner space and opportunity. So we feel that that is the overall landscape on our individual submarket and market overviews – we see very little threat at this point in time. All we can do is look at the same data you do and look at permit, land trade, look at who's buying it and ask our self the likeliness of how competitive that product is going to be against ours and when it’s going to come online. We can't do anything about constraining that, but we continue to monitor it and do not see it as a viable threat to the business over the next 12 to 18 months. Beyond that you are hour glassing it just like the rest of us.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: So you don't necessarily see the industry as 250,000 units, let’s just say, pick a number, headed towards 350,000. You think it’s going to sort of running out of gas if you will in terms of just where we can ultimately peak it to have units under construction.
Thomas W. Toomey: Yeah. I think it’s often management teams and certainly analysts try to focus on that aggregate number. We are less concerned about the aggregate because where is the 300,000 or 250,000? To us it’s how is in our submarket, directly competing to us? The fact that they are building in Houston is almost irrelevant to us because we’re practically out of Houston. So we don't pay much attention to the gross number. We aggregate and very think much on our submarket market driven numbers. And our red flag is when it gets above 1% of the submarket then we start really assessing the impact to us. But again we’re long-term, if it’s a strong submarket that we are in, 1% is not going to disrupt us that much.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: And just a final question or two going the other end into the spectrum, I guess concerning the Pier 4 parcel in Boston, is that residential over retail and I guess how close is your partner there to breaking ground on that project?
Harry Alcock : It is residential over retail. There’ll be about 10,000 square feet of retail, a 20-story tower. We are still finalizing the scope and plans and cost in this thing. The project is entitled. We have BRA approval so that once we get through this exercise, we’ll be in a position where we conceivably could start construction over the next several months.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, and just one last question. Jerry, sorry if you gave the figure, but do you guys track move outs to home rental and how is that trending? I might have missed it if you said it.
Jerry A. Davis: We do. It’s right around 4% and it’s stayed fairly consistent. We don’t see many people moving out to rent homes.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d now like to turn the conference back over to our host, Mr. Tom Toomey, President and CEO.
Thomas W. Toomey: Well, thank you all for taking the time this morning to exchange thoughts with us and we do appreciate your time. In closing, I’ll just say, in July of this year, marks the 40th year for UDR as a REIT and our 160th consecutively paid quarterly dividend and I think that’s in testament to the associates over the years, the management team and certainty a trend that we are very proud of and look forward to continuing in the future. And that concludes our call today and we wish you the best.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes UDR's 2Q '12 conference call. ACT would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer David Messenger - Chief Financial Officer  Jerry Davis - Senior Vice President of Operations Chris Van Ens - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Bragg - Zelman & Associates  Eric (ph) - Citi  Jana Galan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch  Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank  Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets  Andrew McCulloch - Green Street Advisors  Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets  Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill  Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley  Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets  Robert Stevenson - Macquarie  Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Bilerman - Citi Financials  Taylor Schimkat - KBW  Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to UDR’s first quarter fiscal year 2012 conference call. During today’s presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be opened for questions. (Operator Instructions). I’d now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Chris Van Ens. Please go ahead, sir.
Chris Van Ens : Thank you for joining us for UDR’s first quarter financial results conference call. Our first quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with the Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning’s press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you Chris and good morning to everyone. Welcome to UDR’s first quarter conference call. On the call with me today are David Messenger, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Senior Vice President of Operations, who will discuss our results, as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call.  My comments today will focus on three topics. First, our quarterly results and broad operating trends; second, a summary of our dispositions and external growth efforts and their effects on our portfolio; and finally, our deleveraging efforts. Following my comments David will discuss our capital markets activity and balance sheet, and Jerry will provide commentary on the operating results and emerging operating trends as we enter the peak-leasing season.  In the first quarter of 2012 core FFO per share of $0.34 increased by 13% year-over-year, strong year-over-year same-store revenue and net operating income growth of 5.3% and 8.1% respectively, as well as solid operating execution in our non same store portfolio drove the improvement, offset by higher than anticipated equity issuance through our aftermarket equity offering program.  During the quarter all aspects of our business operated at a high level and demand for our apartment homes remained robust. With portfolio occupancy nearing 96% at quarter end, accelerating new lease, rate growth and strong renewal rate increases; we are well positioned to first rent during the upcoming leasing season. In short, all signs indicate that 2012 will be a better year than 2011.  Next, in early April, we announced the disposition and pending disposition of 21 unlevered non-core communities, comprising 6,500 homes in six markets for growth proceeds for $610 million. With these sales, we continue to process the cycling out of lower rent properties. Income per occupied home for this disposition averaged roughly $950 per month as of March 31, significantly below our portfolio average of $1,435 per home.  Pricing on the sales met expectations with an average four and 12-month economic cap rate of roughly 6.25%. Once all the transactions are completed, our average portfolio income per occupied home is projected to increase to nearly $1,500 per month. In addition, we will have exceeded our previously announced disposition guidance for the year and we will have exited Fredericksburg, Virginia, Phoenix, Arizona, and Jacksonville, Florida markets.  Our ongoing portfolio repositioning involves two components, improving our market mix and urbanizing our portfolio in our core markets. When our planned dispositions close in the second quarter, we will have sold roughly 35% to 40% of our non-core communities necessary to complete our portfolio repositioning effort. Urbanizing our portfolio in our core markets will take place through normal capital recycling.  Our development and redevelopment pipeline totaled $1.2 billion that at the end of the quarter, a third of which has been funded to date. These communities are primarily located in urban areas of gateway markets that we expect to generate better long-term growth.  With the majority of our current development and redevelopment pipeline reaching completion in 2012 or 2013, we are well positioned to capitalize on the strong multi-family demand fundamentals and limited new supply, evident in our target core markets. Regarding the overall acquisition environment, we continue to underwrite opportunities in our core markets, but the landscape remains highly competitive.  With that said, we formed our second joint venture with MetLife in early January. The $1.3 billion venture consists of 12 operating communities, which is owned 50% by each partner. Seven of the 12 communities were contributed from our first joint venture with MetLife, while the remaining five collectively known as Columbus Square were purchased for $630 million when the JV was formed. We will continue to explore how best to expand this relationship over time.  Finally, as I mentioned on previous calls, we remain committed to deleveraging over time, but our leverage has potential to be volatile over the short term, especially when a disconnect exits between capital outlays and our ability to source attractively priced equity. The funding of MetLife II JV with the first quarter, equity issuance, was a good example of such a mismatch.  We continue to view ATM equity as a cost-efficient way to slowly deleverage, and therefore we instituted a new 20 million share plan after our previous program was exhausted, following the end of the first quarter.  To summarize, all aspects of our business continue to perform well and as such, we reiterate that 2012 is expected to be a better year for UDR than 2011. Our dispositions and external growth efforts continue to improve the quality of our portfolio and transform our footprint and deleveraging our asset base over time remains a priority.  With that, I will pass the call over to David.
David Messenger: Thanks Tom. My comments this morning will focus on our recent capital market activities, progress of our 2012 capital plans, our intent to further reduce leverage over time and an update on our year-to-date activities that affect our 2012 guidance.  We were active in both the equity and debt capital markets during the first quarter. First, through our at the market equity-offering program, we raised $201 million of net proceeds during the first quarter from the sale of eight million shares at an average net price of $25.18.  Following the first quarter end, we completed our previous ATM equity-offering program through the sale of an additional $50 million or 595,000 shares at an average net price of $25.21. A new ATM equity-offering program, whereby we can offer up to 20 million shares was initiated in early April. No shares have been sold via this program to-date.  As a result of these actions, we had 241.2 million common share equivalent outstanding at March 31. Assuming no further equity raises for the balance of the year, the 2012 fully diluted share count would be 240.3 million common shares, inclusive of the ATM shares issued in April.  Second, as previously announced, we completed a $400 million offering of 10-year unsecured notes at 4.625% in January. A portion of the proceeds were used to repay $100 million of 5% unsecured notes originally due in January. We will continue to access the unsecured debt market as the opportunities and needs arise.  Turning to the balance sheet and an updated 2012 capital plan; as of March 31, we have nearly $1 billion of cash and credit capacity available to fund our business and external growth opportunities. With $194 million of debt coming due to the end of 2012, we expect to refinance these obligations as they come due at attractive rates compared to the maturing rates.  Our year-to-date capital markets activity and the $610 million of completed and pending non-core community dispositions announced in early April had helped solidify our 2012 capital plan. Accordingly, an update to our anticipated capital activities this year would be helpful in illustrating the progress we’ve made.  Beginning with a $197 million line of credit balance at March 31, capital sources through the remainder of 2012 include the April ATM equity sales of $15 million and a community disposition proceed of approximately $477 million in the second quarter. Then uses include anticipated development spend of $315 million through the balance of the year, anticipated redevelopment spend of $85 million through the balance of the year and a redemption of $82 million of preferred G stock currently outstanding, which was announced last Friday.  Combined, these sources and uses point to a line balance of roughly $187 million by year-end. Assuming no other capital market activities are undertaken during the remainder of 2012, we expect to be in a strong position to fully fund our 2013 operations developments and redevelopment obligations by year-end.  Regarding leverage, on our fourth quarter 2011 earnings call, I outlined the tremendous progress we have made in deleveraging the enterprise since 2009. We remain committed to this strategy and moving forward, deleveraging will likely occur opportunistically and concurrently with the growth of the enterprise.  And lastly, a quick word on our 2012 guidance. The timing of $610 million of completed and pending community dispositions in 2012 was contemplated in our original FFO per share guidance of $1.37 to $1.43 provided on our fourth quarter 2011 earnings call.  We have been more successful in issuing equity from our ATM program than originally anticipated, but we are still within our original FFO per share guidance range, as the dilution from the shares issued was offset by the 8.1% same-store NOI growth and strong results from a non same store portfolio. We will review and if necessary, update guidance on our second quarter 2012 earnings call or if a material event warrants such an update during the interim.  Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks Dave and good morning everyone. We are pleased to announce another strong quarter of operating results. In the first quarter, same-store NOI grew 8.1%, driven by a 5.3% increase in revenue, and a better than expected expense growth of negative 0.2%. The lack of snow, relatively mild winter conditions in many of our cold weather markets, provided most of the expense related upside.  Much like the fourth quarter of 2011, the first quarter 2012 progressed as we expected. Effective rental rate increased on new leases and our same-store communities accelerated towards the end of the first quarter, while renewal lease rates remained steady with an average increase of roughly 7% across our portfolio. San Francisco, Boston and Dallas were our best performing markets.  During the first quarter we built same-store occupancy to roughly 96% by the end of March. Since then our occupancy has proven sticky and new lease rate growth has accelerated as we anticipated it would. This when combined with the current loss to lease of 4% in our same-store portfolio, gives us confidence that there’s ample room to further push rents as we enter the peak leasing season.  Our non same store wholly owned portfolio continues to perform well and now comprises 33% of NOI. This percentage will trend downwards as we advance through 2012. Four communities were added to our quarterly same-store pool in the first quarter, including two of our 2010 Boston acquisition.  By the end of 2012, we expect our non-same-store pool to account for less than 20% of NOI. Specifically, our 2011 New York acquisitions are still generating above market rate rent growth, with blended new and renewal lease growth of 8% to 12%, and little to no occupancy loss. This is in line with what we’ve reported on previous earnings calls.  Moving on, two factors that directly affect our business are causing growing consternations for the investment community, our new multifamily supply and the affordability of single-family housing. First, supply; nationally multifamily permitting has rebounded from its great recession lows. The monthly reports indicate that there is still room to run until long-term supply and equilibrium is achieved.  Digging deeper to the market level, Washington DC, Seattle, Austin, San Jose will all face a greater than average level of new supply pressure over the next couple of years. Now coincidentally these are the same markets where apartment fundamentals either held up well during the recession or where job creations coming out of the recession far outpaces the national average.  Regarding the threat of new supply, I want to stress the key attribute of how we operate our business. We are a long-term holder of apartment communities and while we are very cognizant of short-term supply demand imbalances in our markets, our buy, hold, sell decision is predicated on a much longer time horizon than just the next two to three years.  Now, single-family housing; since September 2008, single-family affordability has outpaced its long-term average according to the National Association of Realtors. So the fact that homes are cheap when measured by monthly mortgage payments to take home income, it’s not a recent development. However, affordability should not be examined in the back end, as it differs significantly by market.  It does not account for negative buyer’s psychology or the access to capital and disregards potential buyer’s ability to produce down payment. At some point we will see a more consequential number of our residents move out to by homes, but at less than 12% in the first quarter, we are flat with fourth quarter and only 100 basis points above our historical low.  Lastly, when move outs to homes purchased do return to a more normalized level, the ultimate effect on our business will be somewhat dependent on how the macro economy is performing at that time. If a more vibrating recovery accompanies rising home purchases, then that’s not a bad operating environment for us.  Annualized turnover during the first quarter increased by 310 basis points year-over-year to 46.6%. We are having no trouble releasing our apartments to better credit residents with higher incomes.  Turning to more recent results; through the majority of April, new lease rates have increased by 2.8% year-over-year, similar to the prior year period and renewals continue to trend well, up 6.7% or 120 basis points above last April’s results.  Renewal increases sent out for the remainder of the second quarter have averaged 6.5% to 7% and we expect to capture close to all of this increase as is generally the case. With occupancy holding in excess of 96%, we are primed for the peak-leasing season.  With that operator, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will begin the question-and-answer session at this time. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Dave Bragg with Zelman & Associates. Please go ahead.
David Bragg - Zelman & Associates: Hi, good morning. Maybe just touching on that last point made by Jerry, could you talk a little bit more about comparing this year to last year. It looks like when we think about sequential same-store revenue growth, you were the same in the first quarter of this year as last year, but to get to your year-over-year revenue growth guidance, it seems as though you need to outperform the sequential numbers that you achieved in 2Q, 3Q and 4Q of last year. Is that the plan?
Jerry Davis: Yes Dave. I think we’ll definitely do that in 2Q and 3Q. I mean, we see the revenue growth rate increasing in both second quarter and probably in third quarter, maybe leveling off in third, but then by the time we get to fourth quarter, the year-over-year growth will be comparable to what it was this quarter.  But yes, we feel good about the business. We are looking at renewals in April that were at about 6.7%. We expect the next two months to come out right around 6.5% and we’re optimistic about where we are at. Also today, our occupancy is at 96.1% and we spent a good portion of the first quarter firming up that occupancy, so we would really be in place to drive rents in this peak season.
David Bragg - Zelman & Associates: Okay, thanks. And the other question is on the land parcel purchased in San Francisco. Could you provide some more details on that number of units, total cost expected, yield on today’s rents, potential start date?
Harry Alcock: Yes, this is Harry. It’s a fully entitled land site that’s adjacent to a property that we own in a very good area in San Francisco, in Rincon Hill. It’s a fully entitled site. Once we get through the city and have more details, we will report on it at that time.
David Bragg - Zelman & Associates: Okay, and one last question if I may. Could you just revisit the expected needs for equity over the balance of the year? I seemed to pick up in your intro comments that you might use ATM further for additional deleveraging, but then there was a comment about tying it to acquisitions, so assuming no acquisitions over the balance of the year, should we expect any equity issuance?
David Messenger: Dave, this is Dave, and I’ll let Tom follow-up, but if you go through my script, when we look at our capital sources and uses through the balance of the year, we don’t have any additional equity in place, but with the share price increasing, it has throughout the year, we have an ATM in place, we are always looking at opportunistically issuing equity under that program. We used it in the first quarter and paid off some debt. I think that we would continue to look at that as an opportunity and an alternative for us as we go through the balance of the year.
Thomas Toomey: Mr. Bragg, I wouldn’t have anything to add to that.
David Bragg - Zelman & Associates: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi Financial. Please go ahead.
Eric (ph) - Citi: Yes, this is Eric (ph) here with Michael. I just want to make sure I understood that your comments on guidance you said that the timing in the asset sales were contemplated in guidance, but you’re already above the top end in terms of the level of dispositions. I’m just trying to put those two together and understand whether there’s going to be more dilution from asset sales than was originally in your guidance?
David Messenger: This is Dave. The asset sales that we had in guidance, $400 million to $600 million and obviously we have $610 million in there today, those are the sales that we are looking to have closed. We’ll always have sub-listed in the marketplace.  But I think if you go back to our four quarter call, we had talked about getting those sale down in the first half of the year, and so that timing was contemplated when we put out our guidance of $1.37 to $1.43 for 2012 and so right now, yes, we are $10 million over the guidance range, but that $10 million is not enough to reconfigure the guidance range at this point.
Eric (ph) - Citi: Got you. And then also you talked about the accelerating activity you are seeing in new lease rates. I was just wondering if you could provide some detail on how things trended from January all the way through April, just so we can get a sense for how those rates are coming in and going in the peak leasing season?
Jerry Davis: Sure, this is Jerry. In January and February, they both months new leases were coming in at about 1.7%; in March it jumped up to 2.6%; in April it was right around 3%. But one thing I would add though is when you look at that 3%, that’s for our same-store. If you blended in our wholly owned, non-stabilized, non-same-stores, which is predominantly our New York portfolio, as well as a few others, those new leases would have been up 3.7% in April, which should be on my same-store.
Eric (ph) - Citi: Yes, and then I guess just based on guidance you’d expect that this sort of trend up into the fours through the peak leasing season, just given where your numbers are in terms of same-store revenue?
Jerry Davis: Yes, I think, it could go fours. We are hopeful with if traffic continues to be strong and if there’s some job gain in our market that it may get a hair above that, but I think fours are pretty reasonable.
Eric (ph) - Citi: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and we have a question from the line of Jana Galan with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jana Galan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning. I was wondering if we could get a little bit more detail on some of your completed developments of how the pre-leasing was for Savoye2 and maybe it looked like you pushed back the Huntington Beach and San Francisco Mission Bay project back a couple of quarters?
Thomas Toomey: Sure, I’ll start with Savoye and then I’ll probably turn it over to Harry. Savoye has been leasing great. We really look at Savoye1 and Savoye2 as one project, but I can tell you, in the last two weeks we leased about 60 apartments at the Savoyes and for the entire month of April it was 102 gross applications at the Savoye.  So velocity’s been great. We’ve been able to hold our effective rents where we had planned, so things are going great there. The other active lease-up that we have underway right now is the Lodge at Stoughton up in the suburb of Boston and that project is also doing extremely well. We had 40 gross applications there in the month of April and in the past week we had 10.
Harry Alcock: This is Harry. In terms of the two projects you mentioned; first of all, in general, it’s common for these schedules to change a little bit as we move from pre-construction to sort of the active development phase, once we get through drawing, locking our general contractor and getting all city approvals, it’s common for the schedules to change a little bit.  But with Huntington Beach, this is actually the first project developed in the city in 30 years, so the city is actually setting policy as to how and when they are going to allow us to occupy these buildings. Our preference has always been to phase occupancy, but the city initially told us that we had to wait till we get that final CL and would have to occupy all building and all units at one time.  Through negotiation, the city now has allowed us to take initial occupancy at TCO, which is the timing we had showed previously, but allow us to phase in the occupancy over four or five months. The initial occupancy in our development schedule is unchanged, but how and when the city is going to require us to put our certificate of occupancy in place has changed a little bit.
Jana Galan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derek Bower with UBS Investment Bank. Please go ahead.
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank: Very good morning. Can you provide some color on your recent conversations with your joint venture partner, specific to their appetite for future acquisitions, and we just say they are generally more or less eager to acquire assets compared to last year?
Thomas Toomey: This is Tom. With respect to our conversations on the joint venture front, first up all three are going very well, being Fannie, KFH and Met and all of them see the fundamentals of the business and the strengthening of it and have an appetite to expand their interest in multifamily. So we are out there shopping for our own book and we are also out there shopping for joint venture opportunities as well.
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, thanks. And then just given that you’ve already pre-funded your development spend for the year through dispositions, now can you just help us prioritize what use of proceeds for future asset sales maybe, whether it would be development or development pipeline recycling to new acquisitions or further de-levering?
Thomas Toomey: This is Tom again. I think all capital activity is weighed in its totality and fundability. The focus we have is continuing to deleverage our balance sheet and improve the quality of it and laddering of the maturity. So I think we weigh all of those aspects when we are weighing capital and the price of capital.
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank: Yes, and I might have missed this, but what was the move-out for financial reasons and can you perhaps quantify the changed level of income per unit for your new move-ins versus move-outs. Thanks.
Jerry Davis: Sure. Move-outs for financial reasons was about, I think 15% or 16%. I can tell you, we said home purchase was 12%, move-outs for rent increase were 7%. For financial reasons whether we pushed the rents too high – I mean, I’m sorry, skips in evictions or other financial job loss was about 15% or 16%. And what was your second part, I’m sorry?
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank: Just help quantify the change in level of income per unit between new move-ins and move-outs?
Jerry Davis: Yes. It’s difficult to track on a same-store basis, just because our same-store pool has been changing with assets being sold, as well as the Boston assets moving in. I think it’s gone up about 5% or 6% in general, and when you look at places especially like Boston.  In Boston, we saw our move-outs to rent increase go up to 18% of the reasons for move-out, and that compares to about 6% last year. What’s really happening there is two years ago people were able to move in, because the peak to trough drop was so great they got a deal basically, and they’ve been moving back out and going back down to B product instead of living in our A communities.  Now when you look at that increase in turnover, which is up 17% year-over-year, which is dramatic, you’d see a reason for concern, except we have been able to reload at those higher income residents. We’ve been able to keep occupancy levels in that metro, San Francisco area well above 96% and as you see in our supplement, we had revenue growth in San Francisco of over 12% this quarter, so that kind of a churn doesn’t bother us when you can reload quickly.
Derek Bower - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you and we have a question from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to ask on the expense decline in the quarter, you noted it was somewhat due to the mild winter. Is there going to be a timing reversal on any expense savings you had this quarter and is the 3% to 3.5% guidance range still reasonable?
Jerry Davis: Okay, this is Jerry. I’d say our expense growth definitely came in well below our expectations in the quarter. As I said in my remarks, a lot of that was from a little snow removal, as well as mild winter conditions, which depressed gas expense. Right now we are running ahead of guidance, but there is a lot of unknown throughout the year with regard to expense growth and we’ll update guidance at the end of the second quarter.  As far as a reversal or is anything that will flow from first quarter to second quarter, I don’t think so. A few other things that happened last year where we were hit with, pretty heavy healthcare claims in the first quarter and we do self-insure and that didn’t repeat itself. We’ve continued to streamline our staffing at the site level and realized efficiency.  Now, the one thing that could start to pop, but this was really contemplated in our guidance earlier, was a lot of our turnover cost will end up hitting us in the second quarter, because the turns happened in the second half of the first quarter, so we turned most of those units in March, and you’ll start seeing some of those expenses come, but that was really built into the guidance.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: That’s helpful, thank you. Next question is just on the development pipeline. Tom, I think you said in your comments that most of the current pipeline, all the current pipeline actually is currently going to be completed by the end of 2013.  From a strategic standpoint, would you like to backfill the pipeline to be just as big in 2014 or does some of the uncertainty regarding the supply and just the fundamental picture make you want to possibly start to scale back development as you look ahead?
Jerry Davis: Okay, that’s a very good question. With respect to the size and scope of the pipeline, we are certainly looking at backfilling the 14, 15 deliveries and we are looking at a $10 billion to $11 billion enterprise. Our view is to try to have 3% to 5% of deliveries on an annual basis, and so we’ll scope the size and scope of our development pipeline around those percentages in the size of the enterprise as it continues to grow.  So that’s part of the downtown San Francisco dirt acquisition and you’ll probably see us continue to look for urban setting type dirt, where we think the supply equation has a long run at it in our favor and we will continue to fill in those blanks and keep you informed as we progress.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks, that’s helpful. Just one more if I may. On the disposition front, do you have anything beyond the $610 million under contract today?
David Messenger: No, we don’t.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andrew McCulloch with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Andrew McCulloch - Green Street Advisors: Good morning. On the $600 million dispositions that you achieved, a 6.25 economic cap rate on, can you tell us what the CapEx reserve is in that number and if you can, what the cap rates were for the different markets?
David Messenger: In general, the cap rates are based on 2012 budgeted NOI with 3% management fees and 600 per unit in CapEx. I don’t have the exact cap rates; it’s little lower in Phoenix and a little higher in Jacksonville, but there’s a little bit of variability around that. We can talk about it in detail offline if you want to. I just don’t have that in front of me.
Andrew McCulloch - Green Street Advisors: Okay, that’s great. And then in your non same store pool is it possible for you to tell us what the year-over-year revenue and NOI growth is for that portfolio on an isolated basis and maybe just have to look at the acquired properties and not the (stabs), but is there any way you could give us those numbers?
Jerry Davis: I’ll tell you Andy, this is Jerry, there is a few properties that you potentially could that for, but most of the properties in our non same store, we didn’t own it the same time last year, so you can’t or it was in the first couple of months in the ownership when you anniversary off it and there are some things that can fluctuate those first couple of months. It wouldn’t really make the numbers meaningful.
Andrew McCulloch - Green Street Advisors: In the broad comment you are saying they are running a little bit better than the same store pool district where they are located?
Jerry Davis: Yes, and I can tell you that’s true and I can tell you they are running better than my same store pool, because I look at when I’m getting in new lease rates. I can tell you what I’m getting in renewal growth and I can tell you that I’ve been able to typically shave off some expenses from what we inherited those assets at.
Andrew McCulloch - Green Street Advisors: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky, RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning guys. Jerry, just going back to operations, you usually give a loss to lease statistic, how is that compared right now and then, as you saw the 300 basis point pick up in turnover, were there any particular markets where you noted there’s a spike?
Jerry Davis: Sure. Yes, loss to lease right now, they were right around 4%, so still in good shape, plenty of room to run with that and we do expect market rents to grow throughout the leasing season and then they tend to slowdown or actually go backwards as far as you get into the winter months.  On the turnover, and I did misspeak earlier, I apologize if I said San Francisco’s turnover was up 17%, I was looking through online. Actually, my heaviest increases in turnover, the top one was in San Diego, which was up 20%, most of that’s military deployments. We only have 300 units there that are heavily dependent on Camp Pendleton.  Boston as said was up about 17%. I can tell, you we have been pushing rents there heavily since we bought those two deals at the end of 2010. San Francisco was up 5%, Dallas was up 5%, we have been pushing rent growth in Dallas and San Francisco very heavily. Then Monterey County portfolio was up 12%. A few of the ones that are low or below my average are my Orange County portfolio is actually down 1%; Austin is down 8%; Nashville which has been a really strong market for us this year is down 3%, Seattle is up 2%, and Washington DC is up 2%.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: That’s such great detail. Second question; I think this comment is a follow-up to Karin’s. Should we look for additional development starts in the year or redevelopment starts if there would be – and as you think about development yields, how are those trending relative to underwriting at this point?
Thomas Toomey: This is Tom. More increase in development starts. Certainly as we are able to fill in the ‘14 and ‘15 delivery calendar we’ll announce those and you would work backwards and say, if you’re here in the middle of ‘12, then looking out two years, three years, so I would expect to see some of that expand as the year progresses.  With respect to development yields, they are holding steady. You’ve got a combination of the market rents that are moving, and in particular the spikes in activities that we are undertaking, very strong rent numbers for that urban product, that A product, and offsetting that is a slight increase in the cost structure and land values. So overall I’d say yields are still at about 6, 6.5 type range on trending, on in-place, most of them are starting out at a 6.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: That’s good. So there’s an unrelated follow-up on the capital markets front. As you look at the price of the equity today, you also look at disposition, and disposition pricing. Are you more inclined to sell more assets or continue raising money at the ATM as a means of deleveraging as you kind of talked about there?
Jerry Davis: Well, I think it’s important to try to do both. I think you expose your lower quality assets that are non-core, you anticipate ultimately selling some day and you see what price they fetch and you also look at the share price, and this management team will freely admit we look at the share price every day and with the ATM it represents a great way for us to continue to deleverage, and we continue look at asset sales.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb with Sandler O’Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill: Good morning. You’d mentioned – I think you said that household income in your portfolio was up maybe 5%, 6%. Can you give us a sense of what rent as a percent of income is now versus a year ago?
Jerry Davis: Sure Alex, this is Jerry. It’s still right around 18%. I think a year ago it was roughly 17%, so it’s just gone up very modestly.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill: Okay. And then going to the capital markets side, you guys just took out your – I think it was your last public preferred, the Series G. I think you guys still have some OP preferred, but just want to get your sense given – do you think that public preferreds have a place in your capital structure or based on where you want to go with your fixed charge coverage or just maybe more using straight common and straight unsecured that preferreds for your perspective really don’t have a place in the current rate environment?
David Messenger: I think that the preferreds today, given that they are at 6.75% and new issue preferreds, well maybe a little bit less, when you compare that against unsecured rates, asset sales, common equity and all the other alternatives to capital we have, I don’t think the preferreds have a place in the capital stack today. So that’s you saw us making an announcement on Friday that we are going to redeem the $82 million of preferred Gs outstanding and then we’ll continue to source and review all the other alternatives available to us.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill: Okay. And then just a final question, did you guys comment on the $23 million of the tax benefit in the TRS?
David Messenger: No, we didn’t. We recorded a very significant tax benefit in the TRS and we did not include it in FFO. We didn’t include it, we didn’t feel that it truly fits the intention of the FFO definition. The adjustment was due to sales. We’ve completed those that are pending. Those sales allowed us to reverse the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets and the related non-net operating loss items. That’s kind of it in a nutshell. If you want to discuss it further, go into greater detail, give me a call later today.
Alexander Goldfarb - Sandler O’Neill: Okay, okay, that’s helpful. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes the line of Swaroop Yalla with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley: Yes, I had a question about Mission Bay. I mean it’s been in the news recently because of – well, not very recently, but the sales force decided to suspend its campus there. Can you talk about how does that change your underwriting on your project, maybe from a demand perspective, but also from relative to your land cost?
Harry Alcock: Well, this is Harry. I’ll start – we saw the announcement as well and we are aware of it, but the sales force did not actually leave the city. So they did not relocate to the Mission Bay area, but those employees remained in the city and I can tell you rents in the city have continued to increase. We feel very good about our land bases and ultimately the development yields we expect on that project.
Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley:  Great. 
Jerry Davis: I would add to that Swaroop. Harry is right. When you look at our rents in the city, when I look at my property Edgewater, which is right across the canal from Mission Bay and then our 388 deal, our new lease rates there are 20% higher than what the departing resident was paying, and those are maybe, gosh, a mile from the Mission Bay site at the most. So it’s still generally in the neighborhood, but just not right across the street. But I do think we feel over time other employers are going to come into that Mission Bay area. It’s not going to be vacant.
Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley: Got it. And Jerry, just to pick up on markets again, can you tell us any markets which you were surprised by this quarter and maybe even heading into the peak leasing season, either on a positive or negative perspective?
Jerry Davis: Sure, probably my biggest positive surprise right now, Orange County, it’s very strong. We had revenue growth of 6.8%. My sequential was well over 2%. We are running that with good occupancy right now. We are getting great rent growth. We do feel like the renters are coming back to those locations, west of the 405, so I would tell you probably my biggest positive surprise is OC.  Finally, our Florida markets in Orlando and Tampa are starting to contribute. They are north of 4% revenue growth. They’ve been a positive surprise. My negative surprises have been really located more in my tertiary markets, those non-core, Sacramento, Monterey, Portland, my other Mid-Atlantic have not performed well, and then probably my last disappointment would be down in San Diego, where I had very marginal revenue growth of less than 0.5%, really due to military rotations.  I would tell you, in San Diego, I expect my second half to be much better, because we really saw a downtrend in revenue growth there, starting in the second half of last year. When the rotations started we were anniversarying our strong first half numbers, but we are going be going against weak second half numbers and we are hopeful that some of the military comes back.
Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Jerry Davis: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from the line of Richard Anderson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks everybody. So I’m looking back in your disposition, the $1.7 billion in 2008, which I think you described as the lower echelon of your portfolio at the time. I’m curious, is there any connection, was there a feeling then that there was more to do beyond that or was there something that happened from ‘08 to now that triggered a greater urbanization of the company?
Thomas Toomey: This is Toomey. At the time we sold that portfolio, you know eight, our felling was is that it didn’t make sense to buy. The prices that were being paid for assets were above replacement costs and so we look at our portfolio and said, if asset pricing is in that structure, how much of it does it make sense to sell, and we knew we were going to go more towards the coastal urbanization product, and as we tried to decipher how much, it came in a combination of factors.  First, our effort to preserve our dividend at that time, second was an element of 1031 in the tax structuring or how big of a special dividend we would have, and we felt comfortable settling in on that $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion at that time, and I think we’ve been rewarded.  The assets that we held through the financial crisis have come back strong. Jerry’s done a good job in running them, and we probably got better pricing on this group than we would have had we sold them back in ‘08. So I think that’s been done.  Your question kind of moves towards the next, which is how much is left, and as you can see, we’ve got $600 million that will close by the second quarter, and that’s about 40%. So you can do the math that really we are setting at probably $600 million to $800 million more to go and no particular hurry.  You can look at the markets and see what they are, and feel like the NOI growth is picking up steam and in some of those locations we’d like to garner that and then sell them in the next window of time, and I think that’s going to be driven by both the NOI growth, by capital flows, and certainly the debt markets and the rate environment, but we feel no pressure and probably we’ll be rewarded for big issues, steadily exposing to the market and see what prices we get and when we hit our targets, they’ll be gone.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So you don’t feel like that’s kind of like this kind of lingering overhang of another potentially dilutive large transaction. You think it will be a low and steady process at this point forward?
Thomas Toomey: Yes, I think it’s just really an insignificant amount in relationship to the enterprise. I mean you are at a $10 billion, $11 billion enterprise. You are always going to have some portion of it that you should be examining, whether you’ve optimized the value or the markets over paying for it, and then you should always try to be thinking about selling 3% to 5% of your portfolio on an annual basis. Our hope is that the use of proceeds will be able to redeploy back into higher yielding, higher quality, urban products that we are developing or redeveloping.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: All right. And then my follow-up question is you talked a lot about your average rent is up and you are selling lower rents. I guess the question is, is it absolutely better to be at a higher versus lower rent scenario and isn’t it the case that the higher income people are more in the crosshairs of a housing reversal in terms of home buying and the rest more wealthy people, can you comment on that?
Thomas Toomey: Yes Rich, there’s a couple of things that come to mind for us as the management group and the first is the slide of homeownership. Today the tick up and the data points to a drop to 64.5%, and it’s clear that it’s probably going to continue to fall.  Primarily what I think people are messing out of the news and the settlement of the mortgage with the banks, is that now they are free to start exposing more and more assets to foreclosure sales and that’s going to drive down the appraised values and going to make people have to come out with larger equity check and that process is at least in our mind, a two to five year process for Americans to heal their balance sheet, to be able to save enough, to be able to afford homes and I don’t think home appreciation is going to be anywhere near the picture, because of this foreclosure sale type environment.  On the long term basis, I guess, I’m starting to see it, not been at it a long time. America is turning into a have and a have not and the people at the high-caliber income, urban settings are where the jobs are going to be.  They are going to have higher income, elasticity, wealth elasticity, and the people that are kind of wage earners if you will, are going to be more exposed to shocks in fuels, the utility, insurance, healthcare, all of those are going to weigh on their ability to pay higher rent and we feel like the balance in the right place to be on a long-term basis is that urban, more income elasticity type resident, and we recognize that they had a choice. But if you take Manhattan, for example, 70% of the population rent. They have had choices for decades and have chosen to rent for decades.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rob Stevenson with the Macquarie Group Services. Please go ahead.
Robert Stevenson - Macquarie: Good morning guys. Dave or maybe Jerry, can you guys – you guys talked about expenses before, but can you give us an idea of what 300 or 500 basis points of turnover impact is on the same-store expense line in terms of growth there and then how property taxes are coming in a third into the year?
David Messenger: This is Dave, I’ll take the second half of your question here on the property taxes. So far we haven’t had any surprises either to the positive or the negative. We really start seeing those second, third quarter. We’ve been talking with our consultants, and speaking with some of the jurisdictions, where we have information how – and we’re able to have some preliminary conversations, so right now I think we’re okay on the real estate tax front, we’ll have some more color to update you at the time of the second quarter call, which will be midway through the summer, we’ll have some more valuations out.
David Messenger: Rob, on your turnover question, I’m going to have to either get back to you or ask Chris to – I’m going to have to run the numbers to really come up with a good number.
Robert Stevenson - Macquarie: Okay. And then one question for you Tom; with the exit of Phoenix market, what characteristics does Dallas have, the key to their longer term that Phoenix didn’t?
Thomas Toomey: Well I think the Dallas suburban portfolio is probably one that will continue to liquidate over time. I think the Dallas urban portfolio has many of the characteristics we are seeking, an elastic type resident and supply constrained and the caliber of product we want to deliver. So we’ll probably shrink our Dallas exposure more to that urban product, and that would probably include the Vitruvian, and as you can see from Jerry, when you call a 122 acres and almost a submarket, you’re able to garner better traffic and higher rents, and so I think that would be our long-term focus in the Dallas market.
Robert Stevenson - Macquarie: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Donnelly with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities:  Good morning guys. I’m curious, maybe for Tom, are there markets that are attractive to you today, where say development doesn’t pencil right now, but it might take two to three years to get there or even longer?
Thomas Toomey: Well, I think the markets that we’ve studied over time that we don’t have a foothold in today would probably be Miami. It is probably the glaring hole in the portfolio in terms of that urban/product that would fit. Outside of that, I think the rest, there is long development cycles in all of those urban products and we wouldn’t exclude land. We’re not trying to time the market if you will as much as we’re trying to look at sub-neighborhoods and get ahead of where we think they are growing and where the employment base is growing.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: I’m curious, maybe I’ll switch gears a little bit. Now that you guys have made something about, I’m going to say a splash in the New York City market, I guess on the operating side, what do you think has gone better or worse than your expectations, and secondarily, have you found or maybe you’ve shaken loose some interest from maybe assets that have been owned somewhat generationally, by family that you might be looking to sell?
Jerry Davis: I guess I’ll start with what’s gone better. Obviously, the expenses came in better than expected. Some of that was outside of our control, the weather and some of it was definitely within our control, such as streamlining our offices better, as well as our maintenance to garner a little bit of expense savings there.  Probably the biggest I’ve seen, we’ve continued to find more opportunities in this good economy to pass through higher fees or increase our reimbursement percentages, but there really haven’t been too many surprises, and then on the negative, I’d tell you there’s very little that surprised me.
Harry Alcock: I guess the second half of the question, I’ll answer, this is Harry. In terms of finding opportunities from families, I mean as you probably know that tends to be a fairly sticky group. They tend to make these decisions for often reasons other than pure economics.  I think at this point it’s worth noting that the product deals we’ve done have all been from families and from five separate families. So without question, we are a group that has performed, that is in that conversation, and we continue to have discussions with other families in New York City. It becomes very difficult to predict if and when we will get additional acquisition opportunities in New York City, but we do continue to have those conversations.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: And just one last question, one of your competitors has gone a long way in a big deal by branding their product and recently announced brands, kind of three distinct brands that have cut their portfolio up a little bit differently, may be if we can positioning it differently for different types of consumers. What’s your thinking about that level of branding and do you ever foresee yourself going down that road.
Thomas Toomey: Well, I think we are intrigued to see yes, they are successful and I think we continue to watch how it’s been executed, and if it in fact garners a benefit to them. My experience in this business has been individual communities find their own way into the market mix and residents are able to select what fits them best and you just need to do a better job of marketing to people and protect your segments, and I think some of that’s come in about Jerry and his technology advancements and certainly in the social media front here.  On of our greatest assets for marketing is our own existing residents and to keep them happy, and so we think that’s where we are going to focus. A lot is on resident satisfaction, resident marketing and the amenity and the staff itself delivering. So, we’ll watch it and see how it performs.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wells Fargo Securities: Yes, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Michael Bilerman with Citi Financials. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman - Citi Financials: Yes, I just had a question on the assets that were sold or that are pending to be sold; the 15 communities, and maybe weave in a little bit about the six that were sold in the first quarter. How many different buyers was that and sort of what type were they, were they just local, were they financial buyers and just give a little bit more color around that?
Harry Alcock: Sure, this is Harry. So there are three separate buyers. We had two buyers on the transactions that closed in the first quarter. One was a local buyer that was backed by a private equity firm; the second was a syndicator, sort of mostly a regional syndicator that owns sort of B quality apartments around the country, that was a fairly significant management company; and the third was a buyer that had just raised a new fund, that they are a fairly significant buyer to not operate their own property, so they are purely a financial buyer, because there is a little bit of each.
Jerry Davis: To add some color, I mean you are finding all aspects of the buyers of real estate out there today. The levered buyer, the pure capital low leverage player, the local player is out there. I mean it’s a great time to expose assets, because you’re finding a lot of traction and a lot of different veins for capital.
Michael Bilerman - Citi Financials: And so one of the assets that’s being sold is a development. What’s the basis in the development in Phoenix, Stadium Village?
Harry Alcock: What’s our cost basis?
Michael Bilerman - Citi Financials: Well yes, I’m just trying to reconcile a little bit of what you have held for, at least on the balance sheet, you got held for disposition, call it un-depreciative of $455 million. Does that include Stadium Village or exclude it?
David Messenger: Stadium Village – this is Dave. Cost basis is around $50 million.
Michael Bilerman - Citi Financials: Is that held for disposition or that’s still in development?
David Messenger: No, that’s in held for disposition. Anything that we have that was moved into held for disposition, you’d see on the balance sheet we took out. There is a held for disposition asset line item and also for the liabilities, so we took that out.
Michael Bilerman - Citi Financials: Right, and so looking at attachment six, so you have your NOI, you break it out very nicely between all the different components, your held for dispositions is $8.7 million in the quarter, call it about $35 million annualized over $477 million, that’s a 7.3% cap rate. What am I doing wrong? I guess your development has low income that would only raise it even more?
Thomas Toomey: I think you have to look at it in more detail.
David Messenger: Yes, Michael, this is Dave. We’ll take a look at that, and we’ll talk to you and Eric offline and give some additional information for you.
Michael Bilerman - Citi Financials: Okay, and then just the last question, in terms of the move-ins, the technology initiatives, was that initiated via an internet source of 56%. I guess it surprised me that 44% of people are still not using the internet to shop for where they want to live? I guess, how accurate do you think that survey is, that you’re tracking when they come in and where are these other 44% of people coming from; these are drive bys?
Jerry Davis: I think it’s drive-bys, I think it’s walk bys as you’ve gotten more urban. I also think like Tom said earlier, we are getting a lot more coming in from resident referrals. I can tell you, we are not in the rental publications and for the most part we don’t use brokers, except in some situations in Dallas and in Houston. So it predominantly has gone down as we’ve gone a little more urban. And you’re relying to some degree on what the incoming person tells either our call center or the people at the site, if they give us a different answer, we are not going to wrestle them down.
Michael Bilerman - Citi Financials: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Taylor Schimkat with KBW. Please go ahead.
Taylor Schimkat - KBW: Hey, good morning guys. My first question is probably for Jerry. Just on the dispositions portfolio, could you tell us what the operating guidance assumptions were for 2012? I guess I’m curious on the margin whether the assets sales would push 2012 operating guidance assumptions higher or lower or else equal?
Jerry Davis: I don’t have that in front of me, but I would tell you, they were probably generally about in line with what we would have expected on average. Phoenix, we expected to do right about average with what our full company guidance was, and Jacksonville was probably just a hair under. So I think the impact was probably negligible.
Taylor Schimkat - KBW: Okay. And then my second question is probably for Harry or Tom. Could you talk about the opportunity set today for sourcing new JV development deals as compared to acquiring wholly owned entitled land for development?
Thomas Toomey: This is Tom. I would tell you that Warren and Harry are entertaining numerous opportunities, where our developers have entitled sites locked up and are seeking a capital partner, and I think that trend is worth noting, is that while we are enjoying a great run in the apartment business, the developers and the merchant builders are increasing their backlog, but they are not finding the capital to go at it full force (ph) if you will or full force, and so they are turning to REITs and obviously we’ve got a couple of pre-development programs with Hanover and others that we are looking at.  So I think it’s a good thing for REITs to mine, if they wanted to wrap up their development pipeline in high quality and really, if you will, the strength of the trade is in our side of the equation right now.
Taylor Schimkat - KBW: So, would you say then that there is a premium return to UDR for doing JV development deals as opposed to wholly owned land and if so, what you think that yield premium would be?
Thomas Toomey: Well, I think you have to look at the quality and caliber of each individual opportunity, and so if undertaking a Boston development can yield us a 6, 6.5 and we have to joint venture as a partner to do that, we probably would undertake that effort.  Could we do that on our own? It’s a question of how much G&A you want to carry, how much pursuit time and what happens if you decide your full in Boston in that case and you don’t want to, what you do with your team. So we like the template, because it exposes us to a lot of different opportunities and we can pick and choose through them and right now, as I said earlier, I think it’s in our favor to go through those opportunities and pick the best one for ourselves.
Taylor Schimkat - KBW: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird & Company. Please go ahead.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: The team and infrastructure is adequate to support the growth you’re planning over the next several years or do you think you’re going to have to add some bandwidth?
Thomas Toomey: Paula, this Tom. Certainly this group that’s sitting around the table today has on average about a $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in acquisition sales activity for the better part of a decade, and that we’ve averaged $400 million of development. So I think if we stay in that bandwidth this group’s quite capable.  On the operating platform, a point that didn’t go noticed is we managed about 60,000 doors today and we sold about 10% of them by the end of June and so Jerry has capacity on Harry’s platform to certainly do more than what we are doing today and what we are turning our attention to do is not more, but doing a better job and I think he’s going to do that.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue at this time. Gentlemen please continue.
Thomas Toomey: Well, first let me thank all of you for your conversations and questions today, we appreciate that. I think May is a important month for UDR. We celebrate two major milestones; first, it will be our 40th year as a REIT, and it will be our 160th quarterly dividend paid and I thank all the people that have over the years made that possible, but it is a milestone for the company and one we are very proud of.  Second, 2012 is off to a great start. It’s certainly going to be a better year than 2011, and we see no threats to that in the horizon. And lastly, we look forward to seeing many of you in June at NAREIT, and certainly at our Investor Tour of Columbus Square on Monday, June 11. With that, take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our call for this afternoon. We thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Van Ens - VP, IR Tom Toomey - President and CEO David Messenger - CFO Jerry Davis - SVP, Operations Warren Troupe - SEVP Harry Alcock - SVP, Asset Management
Analysts: Dave Bragg - Zelman Karin Ford - KeyBanc Jana Galan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric Wolfe - Citi Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Derek Bower - UBS Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill Robert Stevenson - Macquarie Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Tom Trujillo - Bank of America Mark Fisher - Bloomberg Taylor Schimkat - KBW
Operator: Welcome to UDR's fourth quarter conference call. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded today, Monday, February 6, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Van Ens, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Chris Van Ens: Thank you for joining us for UDR's fourth quarter financial results conference call. Our fourth quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. The discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you to be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-ups. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Chris, and good morning everyone. Welcome to UDR's fourth quarter conference call. On the call with me today are David Messenger, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Senior Vice President of Operations, who will discuss our results; as well as senior officers, Warren Troupe and Harry Alcock who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. My comments today will focus on three topics: first, our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results; second, the summary of our 2011 accomplishments; and finally, our outlook for 2012. Following my comments, David will discuss our financial results and 2012 guidance, and Jerry will provide commentary on operational results and early 2012 trends. First, UDR's business continues to improve, as evidenced by the accelerating revenue growth we reported during 2011. In the fourth quarter, core FFO per share rose 21% year-over-year, driven by same-store revenue and net operating income growth of 5.3% and 7.7% respectively. For full year 2011, core FFO per share of $1.28 per share rose 13% year-over-year, driven by same-store revenue and net operating income of 4.1% and 5.6% respectively. We expect that 2012 will even be better than 2011. Second, we accomplished a great deal in 2011, expanding our enterprise by $1.8 billion in key urban markets and disposing of nearly $600 million of non-core communities. At yearend, our equity market capitalization stood at $6 billion and our total enterprise value is nearly $10 billion. Some additional highlights from the past year that demonstrate the progress we made in implementing our long-term strategic plan to improve our portfolio, strengthen our balance sheet and grow our cash flow include: we entered New York City market through four unique off-market transactions totaling $1.2 billion. These acquisitions offer meaningful operational upside as they continue to grow in excess of our original forecast. At the yearend, New York City accounted for 10% of our total net operating income versus 0% at the beginning of 2011. We increased our ownership interest in Boston metro area, Washington, DC, and San Francisco through the purchase of approximately 1,800 apartment homes worth $606 million. At yearend, these markets accounted for 25% of our total net operating income versus 21% at the beginning of 2011. As I mentioned earlier in my comments, we disposed of nearly 4,500 apartment homes in 18 communities for total proceeds of $594 million. We will continue to use the proceeds from non-core asset sales to help fund our development and redevelopment pipeline unless a 1031 exchange is necessary for tax purposes. We commenced the development and redevelopment of nearly 4,300 homes in 11 communities located in markets such as New York, Southern California, Washington, DC, and Dallas for a total estimated cost of $808 million. Our in-progress development and redevelopment pipeline totaled $1.2 billion at yearend, of which 30% has already been funded. We expect to delivery roughly half of these homes by the end of 2013. We increased our portfolio-wide total income per occupied home by 15% to approximately 1370 a month. This metric will trend higher as we continue to execute on our strategy of owning apartment homes in high barrier-to-entry markets, while also disposing up lower ramp non-core community. We raised nearly $1 billion of equity consisting of $496 million to its secondary offering in July, $109 million in OP units and an additional $384 million through our At the Market program, all of which strengthened and delevered our balance sheet. We completed $300 million in offering of seven year unsecured note at 4.25% in May. And finally, we increased our annual dividend by 10% to $0.80 per share. With the closing of 2011, the entire management team would like to thank nearly 1,700 associates for an outstanding year. We look forward to our continued success. Turning to 2012, we are off to a great start on all fronts and looking forward to another successful year. I'd like first to briefly comment on a second real estate joint venture with MetLife, announced in early January. It's a new $1.3 billion 50-50 joint venture consist of 12 operating community containing 2,500 apartment homes, with an average income per occupied home of over $3,000 a month and is comprised of well-located communities in our core markets. We were pleased with the upside our operating platform generated in our first JV with MetLife as well as the progress we made in owning larger interests in these high quality well-located communities. We look forward to further growing our relationship with MetLife. We remain committed to deleveraging the balance sheet overtime. Our 2012 guidance fully contemplates capital needs for the recently closed MetLife JV, as well as $500 million in development and redevelopment activities, the majority of which will be funded by the anticipated disposition of non-core communities in 2012. David will speak further on these sources and uses in his prepared remarks. Moving forward, deleveraging will occur opportunistically and likely in connection with growing the enterprise. At times there potentially that our leverage will increase over the short term, especially when of if we close on larger transaction, such as the second MetLife joint venture. But overtime deleveraging enterprise remains a priority. Turning to multi-family fundamentals. The robust supply and demand characteristics current evident and our business will continue to provide a tailwind for apartment owners and operators. With our leading operating platform, much improved portfolio and experienced management team, UDR is well positioned for the future. Our 2012 guidance calls for same-store revenue and net operating income growth of 5.5% and 6.75% at the midpoint respectively, leading to FFO per share of $1.37 to $1.43, a 9% increase at the midpoint. David and Jerry will provide more commentary on our 2012 expectation in their prepared remarks. In addition to a strong same-store guidance, we will see meaningful growth from our non-mature pool community this year. Importantly, many of these non-mature communities are located in the supply-constrained gateway markets that are expected to generate outsized topline growth over the coming years. At the end of 2011, our non-mature pool accounted for 28% of our total NOI. David and Jerry will further discuss our non-mature portfolio and our expectation forth in 2012. The following support our 2012 outlook: first, multi-family supply remains intact. Second, there remains an aversion to home ownership as evidenced by still downward trending home ownership rates. This phenomenon continues to simulate demand by depressing turnover and thereby limiting fresh new supply. Lastly, job growth is expected to continue to gain traction in 2012. More importantly is that the 20 to 34-year old age cohort, which has a high propensity to rent should continue to garner a majority of new jobs, but potential speed bumps still exist. First, the general economy is recovering, but progress remain stubbornly slow. The overall recovery from Main Street's perspective is still somewhat fragile to us. Second, government intervention, specifically changes to either the GSE or broad-base housing initiative. Lastly, the ongoing European debt crisis or the realization of another macro shot could negatively impact capital markets and/or consumer confidence in the U.S. Regardless of these or other risks, UDR remains well-positioned for a robust 2012 and beyond. To summarize, we expect 2012 will be another strong year for UDR. We projected FFO per share will increase by 9% at the midpoint of our guidance, due to the continued acceleration of our same-store and non-mature net operating income growth. As a result, the Board has increased our annual dividend by 10% to $0.88 per share for 2012. With that, I will pass the call over to David.
David Messenger: Thanks Tom. My comments this morning will focus on our fourth quarter results, of balance sheet update, 2012 guidance and our capital funds. Earlier this morning, we reported fourth quarter core FFO per diluted share of $0.34, a 21% year-over-year increase and consistent with our guidance in month of July. Reported FFO per diluted share of $0.35 during the quarter was positively affected by several non-recurring items which led into an additional $0.01. These items are disclosed in more detail on the first page of our fourth quarter press release. Turning to our balance sheet and capital market activities. As of December 31, we had $739 million of cash and credit capacity available to flaunt our business and external growth opportunities. In December and January, we sold 1.8 million shares under our At the Market equity program at a weighted average net price of $24.67. There are 7.4 million remaining shares available for sale under this program. At December 31, UDR had 233.1 million common share equivalents outstanding and pretty modeled is the assumed no further equity issuances for the remainder of the year to 2012 weighted average share count will be 234.3 million. This includes the shares sold under the ATM in January. In early January, we completed $400 million 4.625% on secured offerings, $100 million of which was used to repay higher cost unsecured debt. With the conclusion of 2011, it is important to look back at the improvements we have made in our balance sheet over the past two years. In addition to making substantial and sustainable progress with regard to our credit methods we also acquired and developed over $2 billion of wholly-owned high quality apartments in desirable location. The purchases were primarily funded with dispositions of non-core communities in access of $600 million and the issuance of $1.5 billion in equity. In short, we have successfully de-leveraged our balance sheet over the last two years while at the same time materially improving the quality and location of our portfolio. We will continue our de-leveraging efforts as we acquired new assets into opportunistic capital market activities. A few highlights since 2009. At the end of 2009, UDR had a debt plus preferred stock to gross assets value of 55%. In annualized debt-to-EBITDA of 10%, a secured debt to assets ratio of 31% and a fixed charge ratio of 2 times. Fast forward to year-end 2011, and our metrics have improved meaningfully. UDR had a had a debt plus preferred stock to gross assets value of 47%, a reduction of 800 basis points. In annualized debt-to-EBITDA of 8.3%, that's 1.7 times better or a 17% improvement. A secured debt to assets ratio of 22%, a 900 basis points improvement and a fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.6, that is 0.6 times better or a 30% improvement. Next our 2012 guidance. Consistent with prior years, our guidance is driven by a bottom-up approach that begins at property level forecast from our experiences operations team. Our approach includes a review of the local economy including job growth, potential new supply, current rentals, application counts et cetera. Additionally, we review macro expectation for the national economy and use this information to gage the reasonableness of our more micro expectations. Our guidance is driven by many components, all of which are detailed in Attachment 14 in earnings supplement. Let's begin with same-store growth guidance which is predicated on a pool of 38,680 homes or 82% of the homes UDR wholly-owned. For 2012 we anticipate an increase in same-store revenue of 5% to 6%, portfolio occupancy of 95% and expenses to be up 3% to 3.5%, all resulting in same-store NOI growth of 6% to 7.5%. Next, non-same-store operations. Due to homes being added to our year-end, non-same-store pool throughout 2010 and 2011, we are unable to provide an apple-to-apple year-over-year growth estimates for these assets. But we'll give you a sense of the increased contribution this pool made to the operations in 2012. Excluding our development and redevelopment communities, our recent acquisitions are expected to grow NOI at a rate nearly doubled that of our same-store pool in 2012. Let me quickly explain our methodology for this calculation as it is not based on a year-over-year comparable growth rates. All of our acquisitions generated a full quarter growth of NOI in the fourth quarter. If you annualized that amount and than compare to our budget for 2012, we find a growth rate that is nearly doubled the same-store pool when its fourth quarter and alliance is treated and compared to comparable 2012 assumptions. I want to be clear with everyone, this is not a comparison of year-over-year growth expectations but rather it compares our 2012 NOI expectations for our acquisitions and same-store pool for the annualized fourth quarter NOI outlined on Attachment six of our earnings supplement. Third, external growth wholly-owned acquisitions. We continue to actively pursue opportunities in our core markets, but cannot ensure success in these pursuits. Accordingly 2012 acquisitions will be market dependant. Joint venture investments, we reasonably form a second joint venture with MetLife valid at $1.3 billion. Our equity commitment to fund the additional interest in seven communities and the acquisition of Columbus Square totaled $290 million. Dispositions, in 2012, we are marketing some of our non-core communities and expected sales $400 million to $600 million of these communities, at an average cap rate between 6% and 6.5%. These dispositions are expected to be diluted by nature given the timing differences between the realization of sales proceeds and the reinvestment in the development and redevelopment activity in 2012. Development and redevelopment. We have 18 projects currently underway that when completed will deliver 6,163 homes. The development and redevelopment pipeline will acquire approximately $400 million and $1 million of spending respectively in 2012, which as previously stated will be funded primarily by disposition. G&A expenses. We expect G&A cost of $32 million to $34 million in 2012 down 7% at the mid-point from $35.4 million in 2011. Debt activities, aside from the $400 million unsecured debt offerings and the coinciding repayments of $100 million of higher cost unsecured debt referenced earlier in my remarks, the remainder of our 2012 obligations consists of $195 million or 4.5% secured debt that can be refinanced at roughly 4% to 4.5% based on today's spreads, treasury, and a tenure-term. Equity activity, potential new equity guidance in 2012 is best understood by examining our capital activity for the year. Starting with the lying balance as of December 31, 2011 are $421 million, our sources include the following. January 2012 ATM sales of $29 million, an unsecured $400 million debt offering completed in January, and planned asset sales of $500 million at the mid-point of our guidance in 2012. Then the uses consist of our previously announced payoff of $100 million or 5% unsecured debt at far in January, our previously announced investment in a new MetLife joint venture which required $214 million of cash in January. The payoff of a $31 million secured mortgage in January. And on the anticipated development spend of $400 million during the year, the anticipated redevelopment spend of $100 million during the year and the anticipated redemption of the remaining $82 million of our preferred G stock later this year. Based on this analysis, our activity is fully funded and we do not have an immediate need for additional equity or debt to meet our 2012 funding obligation. Any new equity or debt will be market and use dependant. Recurring CapEx, for 2012, we anticipate increase in the amount we spend for stabilized home to $1,150. This equates the $55 million fee-spend on 47,545 stabilized home. The per home increase is the result of the transformation our portfolio is undergoing, moving into more high rise products in the higher cost markets. Finally, non-recurring items. In the first quarter we repaid a secured mortgage of $31 million and recognized a gain on the mark-to-market adjustments of approximately $4.5 million, which will be included in our first quarter of 2012 results. This will be offset by an approximately $1 million charge related to acquisition cost incurred with the purchase of Columbus Square. And annually $3 million charge in connection with the plan redemption of our preferred G stock. When added together, these input result in a projected 2012 FFO per diluted share range of $1.37 to $1.43. We will update this guidance during our 2012 second quarter call, fourth and material event, we weren't such an update.  With regard to the dividends, this morning we announced a 10% year-over-year increase. Therefore, the 2012 annual dividend will be $0.88 per share and will be paid in quarterly amount of $0.22 per share. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to announce another strong quarter and full year of operating results. In the fourth quarter same-store net operating income grew 7.7% year-over-year, driven by a 5.3% revenue increase and minimal expense growth of 0.5%. The fourth quarter progressed as we thought it would, effective rental rates on new leases filed during the quarter grew 1.1% in our same-store portfolio. San Francisco and Austin significantly outperformed the reminder of our portfolio and 14 of our 22 same-store market exhibited a positive new lease rate growth in the quarter. Our loss to lease at the end of January was 4%, inline with last year. Growth and renewals remain strong throughout the fourth quarter increasing 6.2% on an effective basis. We continue to go on a renewal rate increases at or slightly above what we originally spin out to residence. San Francisco, Phoenix and Seattle were our top performers. All of our same-store markets exhibited positive renewal rate growth in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter occupancy declined by 40 basis points year-over-year to 95.1%, as we held the rates in the fourth quarter and we're willing to observe the small decline in our occupancy. However, we're announcing occupancy strengthen again. Resident turnover was up slightly in the fourth quarter to an annualized rate of 50%, compared to 47% in the fourth quarter of 2010. Move out for home purchase remained well below historical average of the 12%, move outs due to rent increases rose slightly, but still represent only 7% of total move outs. For full year 2011, our annualized turnover rate was flat at 53%. In addition, our eight communities continue to outperform our three communities this past quarter. On our third quarter call, I commented that the growth spread for new lease rate between A and B was 170 basis points. It widened to over 300 basis points in the fourth quarter. More discretionary income provides our high rent residents with the means to accept market driven increases, but as our lower rent paying residents have less platitude to accept such increases. Sequentially, revenue increased 0.2% just as we had expected and expenses declined by 3.9%, leading to NOI growth of 2.3% during the fourth quarter. For the full year 2011, net operating income grew by 5.6% on the back of 4.1% revenue growth and 1.4% expense growth. Importantly fourth quarter income for occupied homes for our same-store portfolio increased 5.7% to $1,216 highlighting our operational success during 2011. Given the substantial acquisition development, redevelopment and disposition activity we undertook in 2011, our non-same-store portfolio grew to 8,663 homes and represent a 28% of total quarterly NOI at the end of the fourth quarter. Our acquired bucket includes 3,200 homes purchased in 2010 and 2011 and they are located in market such as Boston, Manhattan, San Francisco, Washington DC, Los Angeles and Orange County. Excluding the redevelopment communities in this group our acquisitions are plying out as expected. With regard to the original MetLife JV results exceeded our initial expectations. Specifically, the four New York acquisitions achieved weighted average rents increases of 11% during the fourth quarter, but occupancies averaging 97%. Over the past six months, we have turned just under 40% of the roughly 1,900 homes we acquired last year in this market. And there still seem meaningful upside in the rental rate growth. We expect this to continue in 2012 and experience little to no negative effects from way off in the financial sector. On the expense side, we've eliminated broker commission and reduced third-party cost at our New York communities. Lastly, we have nearly 3,100 home and 11 communities under development and over 3,100 homes and seven communities in redevelopment. These homes are expected to generate strong NOI growth as we move past 2012. The Barton Creek Landing in Austin, Texas and City South in San Mateo, California are schedule to be completed by the second quarter of 2012. Recent velocity and realized rent increases continue to be very strong at both communities and both are operating ahead of budget. These two projects illustrate well our ideology towards redevelopment, generating strong post-rehab topline growth and also achieving cap rate compression by moving up the quality spectrum. In an effort to provide more clarity on our non-mature portfolio, we have included attachment 7(D) in our fourth quarter earnings supplement. The new attachment demonstrates our same-store NOI versus total portfolio NOI concentration for the fourth quarter. As you can see from attachment 7(D), the corridor between Washington, D.C. and Boston, now comprises 39% of our NOI, and West Coast comprises 36%. Turning to 2012, new lease growth is beginning to reaccelerate and occupancy is heading northward again. In January, new lease rates increased 1.7% year-over-year similar to the prior-year period, while occupancy grew 10 basis points versus yearend 2011. Renewals continue to trend well, up 7% in January or 240 basis points about last January results. 16 of our 23 same-store markets for 2012 generated sequential improvement during the market, encouraging signs that seasonal pricing power is beginning to ramp. Renewal increases sent out for the remainder of the first quarter of 2012 have averaged 6.5%. We expect to realize the majority of this increase as many of our markets strengthening. With that, I'd like to thank all of our dedicated associates in the field and in our corporate regional offices for a strong quarter and a great 2011. Now, I'll turn the call back over to you, Tom.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Jerry. And operator, we're now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Dave Bragg with Zelman.
Dave Bragg - Zelman: A few questions on disposition plans. Tom, what's the likelihood or your interest in pursuing large portfolio sale that not unlike that of January 2008, maybe not of the same magnitude, but that general strategy, given you disposition plans for the year? And along with that can you comment on whether or not you believe that there is a premium or discount inherent in a portfolio sale today?
Tom Toomey: I'll let Harry take that call.
Harry Alcock: We've got $400 million to $600 million in our guidance. And we're going to sort of pursue what we believe to be the appropriate disposition strategy, which may or may not include a portfolio sale. In terms of whether there is a premium, I think, my guess is portfolios would trade today at pricing that's roughly equivalent that the pricing we will get on a one-off basis.
Tom Toomey: I had to add that in a portfolio you could probably control the timing and minimize the risk a little bit, the portfolio transaction versus one-off market.
Dave Bragg - Zelman: Could you remind us of your methodology to get to that 6% to 6.5% cap rate on these expected dispositions in terms of the NOI and the CapEx embedded?
Harry Alcock: Sure, that's going to be 2012 NOI. It's going to have a reasonable management fee and they are up about 3%, and 500 unit to 600 unit in CapEx.
Dave Bragg - Zelman: And last question, can you talk about what you're doing on the G&A line to continue to drive that down?
David Messenger: A couple of items on the G&A front impacting the 2011 versus 2012. We made several restructuring changes over the past couple of years and you're starting to see the effects of. Our technology efforts have been solely focused on our operating platform and we made significant strides at the corporate level as well. Our portfolio composition is a positive for us. It's significantly easier or more efficient to manage $300 million assets in one location and 10 $30 million assets elsewhere. And additionally, we have increased our development and redevelopment pipelines, which have moved some of the people from our G&A forces into that segment of our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc: Question just on your revenue growth guidance. I know that the midpoint is slightly higher than the revenue growth you achieved for 4Q '11. So could you just walk through what you expect to see the progression through 2012 quarterly of revenue growth for the first half and then the back half of the year?
Jerry Davis: I can tell you, you're right, our midpoint is 5.5%, 4Q it's 5.3% and for the year it was 4.1%. So we do expect 2012 to have better revenue growth than last year. Our expectation is somewhere in the middle of the year. It's probably going to be at its higher points and then it will tail off a little bit at the end of the year. When you look at the markets, I don't think it's going to be a surprise from what anybody else has been saying. But the strongest markets will be on the West Coast spearheaded by San Francisco. The Texas markets will also do well. We do expect Southern California to be an above average market for us this year. And if I had to differentiate between several markets down in Southern California, I would tell you, I think Orange County and LA will do better than San Diego and the Inland Empire. And then our weaker markets, we expect Florida to still be below average for us. And we think Washington D.C. will be a little bit below average for us this year.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc: My second question is related to Tom, a comment you made at the beginning of the call. I guess one of the items you mentioned is possible driver of your businesses here would be changes to GSEs or something on the regulatory front with respect to housing. Are you seeing anything on those two fronts or is that just a hypothetical case related to your guidance?
Tom Toomey: Karin, it's a good question. I don't think anybody really has clarity in an election year about where the GSEs are going to settle out. There's certainly a lot of noise surrounding it and a lot of people are going to say things to try to garner votes. So I'm not certain that it's going to settle itself out in '12, but it's certainly going to impact our business in '13 as a new congress is seated and undertakes what to do with the management of the GSEs, both from a rate standpoint as well as an asset standpoint. So it's just one of the things that on the horizon it's going to loom larger and larger in our calculus of risk as well as opportunities. Today, we're not seeing anything impacting our business. The GSEs are open. The rates are attractive, and we think we are going to take advantage of that window by moving a lot of our portfolio into the sales window, and take advantage of that interest rate environment on the sales front.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jana Galan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jana Galan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: You mentioned deleveraging would be a priority. Can you talk about some goals or targets of where you'd like to get to on the different leverage metrics you laid out?
Tom Toomey: I think it's a long-term directional goal. And I'm not really set on a set of numbers or specific metrics. When I look at the balance sheet today, I look at a laddered maturity schedule that feels very good and overall cost of debt inside of 4.2%. And look at the financial flexibility of the enterprise, I think we're right about average on most metrics and above average on debt-to-EBITDA. But overtime, I think we'll just drive that down. David mentioned in his remarks about the progress we've made over the last couple of years. I don't think we'll try to do some big transaction, if you will, to fix it overnight. I think we'll going to continue to make slow steady progress on that front. And we think that's a prudent balance when managing a balance sheet.
Jana Galan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And I apologies, if you said this, but I wanted to clarify, is there any new acquisition functions in your 2012 FFO number?
David Messenger: There is not.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citi.
Eric Wolfe - Citi: I think you mentioned in your remarks that the acquisition equity guidance here can be market depending. Last year you gave us some specific numbers around that. Just curious, why you changed your approach this year? And secondly, how you think about 2012 might shape up from an acquisition perspective relative to 2011?
Tom Toomey: I think when we looked at the beginning of 2011 and we're formulating that game plan about what to do. We thought it was a great window of opportunity to buy that most people were not in the market, trying to buy the caliber of assets, and we think we've been rewarded by finding unique opportunities in that window. And Jerry and his team have delivered on those pro-forma, they've not exceeded them. And that's why we are aggressive in our guidance at the beginning of '11 related to acquisitions. As we start out in '12, our intentions turn more to what do we think the pricing of assets are for the sale side of the equations. And we're going to move more towards that initially at the year and I think we'll have success on the sales front. On the acquisition, we are continuing to look at the marketplace. It's hard for us to forecast and really see significant number of opportunities at this point, so we elected really to say, we'll look at it as they come up and weigh each of them individually. And again, look at them in light of what do we think we can do to improve the quality of the asset, garner better return out of it. And that's kind of our attitude right now about '12 acquisitions.
Eric Wolfe - Citi: And so you wouldn't see it as being, I mean you had a pretty busy year in 2011, so 2012 is the continuation of that or is it just you're trying to pick off assets here and there, and you're sitting or bossing. Just trying to understand how busy I think this year could be relative to 2011?
Tom Toomey: A lot of the activity in '11 was big, because we had a couple of successful relationships and we were buying from a lot of private individuals. And those individuals are not forced to sale, so they kind of elect, both on a relationship and a trust basis to sale. And I think that's kind of the environment. Harry, anything you'd add?
Harry Alcock: We're in the market on a regular basis and as you know acquisitions are sort of opportunistic by nature. To the extent we find transactions that we feel good about, we certainly will be willing to pull the trigger as we did in '11. I mean, if you remember when we started '11, we didn't expect to complete the level of activity that we did, but again on an opportunistic basis we're in the market we find deals that we ended up closing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: I want to come back to the G&A question from earlier. Specifically what drove the much lower G&A in the fourth quarter relative to the other three quarters of 2011? And then looking ahead for 2012, how much of the drop in G&A that you're expecting is attributable to the reallocation of staff?
David Messenger: When looking at Q4 versus Q3, couple I know is going to jump out. First, we had an extremely busy year in the first nine months, first three quarters and a significant portion of our acquisition's debt, equity and sales marketing efforts were undertaken and completed. So accordingly the bulk of the incentive comp for the company was accrued during that timeframe, so there was really a little that had to be accrued in the fourth quarter. We had several severance contracts and consulting contracts went up in the third quarter that weren't present in the fourth quarter. And then getting to your second point, we also started capitalizing more of the costs in the fourth quarter to our development and redevelopment pipeline, as those have started to take shape and have nearly doubled over the course of the last year or so. I'll have to get back to you on an exact number for capitalizing costs, so we haven't previously disclosed that.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: And then just one other question. Just broadly speaking, what are you seeing in terms of trends in hard construction costs? And also are you seeing any increased difficulty in getting plans approved or projects through the local municipalities just because they are getting overloaded relative to their staffing?
Harry Alcock: With respect to construction cost, I think construction activity just in general the levels remained weak by historical standards. There have been some upward pressure on commodity and material prices. In general, construction prices have increased moderately, perhaps 3% or so. So I think that answers part one. In terms of part two, the types of markets, there are a couple of different things. One, many of the projects that are in our guidance for 2012, we either have approvals or are near the point where we can put shovel in ground. And in terms of those where we are sort of starting from scratch and working through a new entitlement process, we haven't noticed any particular slowdown in terms of the processing time for these types of deals. A lot of the markets that we're building in, inevitably have longer approval or lead time process, just given the types of markets that they are in.
Operator: Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: I just want to go back to the comments you put on the last conference call. I just want to see if it's still the case. You talked about last time funding development and redevelopment with proceeds from dispositions and funding acquisitions with new issuance. Is that still the plan as you're looking into 2012?
Tom Toomey: Yes, Mike, that's currently the plan. And you can see that pretty much they match up at this present time, and the walk-forward that David provided in his comments. We've got about $500 million in development and redevelopment spend plan for the year. And Harry is out marketing a number of communities and we gave guidance of $400 million to $600 million on the sales front.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: So that doesn't include those acquisitions?
Tom Toomey: No.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: I am sorry, joint venture acquisitions, so that wouldn't be defined as an acquisition?
Tom Toomey: It's very hard for us to forecast our joint venture partner's appetite or success rate on acquisitions. If they come to the market certainly we'll be telling you about them and fund them accordingly.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Second, can you give an update on the performance of the Hanover portfolio in the fourth quarter? And just curious what you define is below average for D.C. in 2012 as you can kind of walk us through what your expectations are for that market just given the supply pressure that we are seeing there?
Jerry Davis: The MetLife portfolio, I don't have the fourth quarter numbers with me. But I can tell you for the year, we exceeded our budget that we underwrote that deal at by 12% and it did pick up steam later in the year. We would expect in 2012 for those MetLife properties to do better than our same-store pool still because there continues to be more opportunities for revenue growth, whether it's continued concession burn off or just rent growth. And as far as D.C., I would tell you we're looking at D.C. probably in the 4.5% to 5% range for revenue growth this next year.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: And then finally just can you give us an update as to what you're expecting on the real estate tax front built into the guidance?
Jerry Davis: Sure. A large portion of the portfolio in California were at the 2% for Prop 13, but when you look at it when did throughout the portfolio, it's up in the roughly 5% to 5.5% range. Most of the pressure is coming from Virginia as well as Florida.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: And I'm assuming that's a same-store number that doesn't include the revaluations for acquisitions done last year at some of the markets like New York, Boston?
Jerry Davis: That's true. That is a same-store number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Derek Bower with UBS.
Derek Bower - UBS: Just on the performance of the A's versus B's of the 300 basis points. Can you talk about which markets maybe more pronounced and others not widening and what your sense maybe for how wide that break could get in 2012?
Jerry Davis: In the fourth quarter the spreads, like you said, was 300 basis points. And the markets where you really saw the larger spreads were predominantly San Francisco, Seattle. The markets where you didn't see as much of a spread tended to be more in the Washington D.C. area, because new supply has affected our downtown inside the Beltway markets and outside the Beltway did better and that's where our B product is located. So those would be the two outliers whether it's the best door or worse. And how large of a spread do I think that will get to be? It's hard to tell. I could see it getting a little bit more, but probably not markedly.
Derek Bower - UBS: And, Tom, back to you remarks earlier on the call on rolling the enterprise. Can you give us a sense for how large and if there is any target size you have for your portfolio? And is there a number out there might be too big?
Tom Toomey: Derek, that's a very, very thoughtful question. And one that the management and the Board have undertaken as part of our strategic plan and review in 2012 is to revisit the size and shape of the enterprise. So we'll probably be able to give you more color later in the year on the subject. But it's certainly one that we feel good about getting into what turns out to be a $10 billion enterprise and managing $4 billion of JVs. So certainly, we have the management talent and scale to manage a larger enterprise. But how big and where is that right balance is something that we're just undertaking this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill.
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Just going back to the dividend, you guys in the fourth quarter increased it 7.5%, so it sounds like you're increasing another just over 2%. As the Board thinks about the dividend, what changed from last time they met when they raised it to the subsequent quarter, they raised it just a little bit again? Was there something that changed or were you guys waiting to finalize like taxable income?
David Messenger: The increase in the dividend for 2012 compared to 2011, there is 10% from $0.80 to $0.88. The change we made really this time was to make sure we're paying it out quarterly versus the staggered payouts that we did during 2011 of the $0.185 and $0.20 and $0.215. But the Board looks at this, management looks at this dividend, and always considers taxable income and cash flow of the enterprise, and so the 10% increase on a year-over-year basis to $0.88 per share was appropriate.
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: But from the last time, I'm just curious, I mean you guys raised it 7.5%, which is meaningful. But the additional amount, I'm just trying to understand, if there was something new that the Board considered or if there was just as the books closed for yearend. Just trying to assess where the taxable income stands? And then also curious where the new dividend rate compares to taxable income.
Tom Toomey: Couple of parts in that Alex. First, management and the Board weighed what our growth prospects were going into '12 and beyond in setting the new dividend, and feel comfortable that the level we've set. There is no taxable event or structuring needed at the end of the year to increase the dividend to ensure that we met both, the taxable minimum or to not become a tax payer if you will? So that's aspect.
David Messenger: With regard to where we are with the dividend compared to taxable income, we have not disclosed what our taxable income per share amount is.
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Then the second question is on the property tax. It's a two-parter. First of all, just as you've entered New York and you're now a 421a, if you can just remind us when the first year where you will experience the step-ups? And then the second was, your comments about Florida real estate taxes increasing and being a pressure point. I would've thought that, that would've been one of the parts to rebound, less, just given that rent growth in some of those northern markets has lagged some of the other parts of the country.
Harry Alcock: With respect to the New York City tax abatement. We have tax abatements that range from 10 years, to all the way up to 20 years. So, we will see that the abatement fades out over the course of the 20 years. So it's a long time. 2013 or 2014 is the first year where we'll get sort of the partial burn-off of any component of the abatement.
Tom Toomey: On the Florida, Alex, I can see your point. I would tell you that we will appeal anything we can, but right now what the consensus are showing is that heavy growth in Florida, as well as, again, the Virginian team. It's not surprising that D.C. and Baltimore pushed up ahead just like you said, because they were the first to rebound that didn't drop this far. Florida, over the past couple of years to municipalities have really have really come after us more on water rates than anything else, and it seems like their strategy this year is get more tax.
Alex Goldfarb - Sandler O'Neill: Harry, what is the step-up in '13, '14? What's the amount or impact?
Harry Alcock: I don't know what the exact amount impact is, but it's sort of the first 20% of one of the properties they've waived in first half. So, it's not going to be any ruling sort of for it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Stevenson with Macquarie.
Robert Stevenson - Macquarie: Tom, what do you think today sitting here the percent of your portfolio that you would classify as non-core?
Tom Toomey: Rob, I don't have the door counts, but with respect to value, we look at it and say it's somewhere between $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion. And if you look at where I and we as the management team size it, that's equivalent to about where we are in the development pipeline. And so our strategy over time is to sell assets and redeployment the new development and the development pipeline of '12 is over the next three years, that's kind of our horizon to dispose of that. Now, there will be some dilution as it relates to, we'll probably sell before the asset come online and stabilize, but we think that' a good prudent way to fund the development activities.
Rob Stevenson - Macquarie: Given the fact that a lot of these non-core assets are in core markets for you guys, I mean, do you have any desire to do sort of a disposition JV or are these likely to just be outright sales to maximize the value?
Tom Toomey: Rob, the vast majority are in tertiary markets that we'll probably exit, and I wouldn't see us joint venturing those. I would just see a whole effort to sell them. And we think the market is good for that today. I mean this capital environment as well as debt environment is very conducive to creating a wide range of auctions and a number of players to expose the assets to. So, I'm very comfortable with our ability to execute the sales at attractive prices.
Rob Stevenson - Macquarie: Then one quick one for Dave. Thanks for the additional disclosure. One quick question on the same-store guidance for '12; looks like the unit count is the same for '12 as it was in the fourth quarter. Is that just because you're expecting for whatever is rolling in to sell an appropriate number of assets this year in terms of units, or is there something else going on there?
David Messenger: I guess, are you asking are we forecasting sales coming out of the same-store numbers?
Rob Stevenson - Macquarie: No, no. For the '12 guidance, the same-store unit count is 38,680, which I believe is the same as the fourth quarter same-store number. Now, the reason why there is no additions to the same-store, no variance between that is because whatever you're rolling into the same-store bucket you're expecting the dispositions to be an equal number of units roughly, or is there something else going on there?
David Messenger: Everything that's in the same-store pool in the fourth quarter then goes into your 2012 year-to-date same-store pool. So, I don't think I'll a full year of comparison. And then we've got an additional attachment in the attachment seven that disclose each quarter as to when each asset will roll into the same-store bucket. So that way you can roll your quarter numbers. But I think where it was, we're getting hung up on this. And so we can take it offline is difference in the quarter pool and the year-to-date pool.
Rob Stevenson - Macquarie: Well, the 2012 pool. That is offline.
David Messenger: That's fine.
Operator: Swaroop Yalla with Morgan Stanley.
Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley: Jerry, can you give us an idea of your exposure to financial services employment in your Manhattan portfolio?
Jerry Davis: Absolutely, it varies really by submarket within Manhattan. When you look at the two deals we have done with Financial District, roughly 50% of our residents are in the financial industry. As you go to Rivergate which is Murray Hill, Chelsea and then up to Columbus Square, it's more in the 15% to 25% range.
Swaroop Yalla - Morgan Stanley: That's helpful. And then, in terms of the dispositions, did you guys talk about the markets that you're looking to make these dispositions and also you can give us some idea of the timing of these? I mean, should we be modeling sort of equally over the quarters, or is any timing we should be thinking about?
Harry Alcock: The markets are going to be our non-core tertiary markets, and by and large we didn't give any specific guidance, but that will give you sense as to what we're talking about. In terms of the timing, we've got a couple of deals tied up now that it could close in the first three or four months of the year. I think we expect most of the balance to close in the first half of the year. It could be some inevitably that they carry into the second half. But generally, the disposition should be relatively front-loaded.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So, Tom, if you could get a hypothetical great transaction for your Southeastern region, your Southwestern region and sell all or most of that portfolio, would that be a good transaction for you? Or do you think still, because you guys seem to be leaning towards these higher barrier markets, Northern markets. I mean, is that something that you think still adds value to the story, those kind of low barrier regions?
Tom Toomey: There is couple of different questions inside of it, Rich. I mean, certainly for us, any offer that we receive for any asset is always considered. And if we were to receive an offer of substance and size for a particular portfolio or region, there's no question we would weigh it. If it's in our long-term plan to dispose of it. And so that's kind of part of what Harry and the entire acquisition and disposition team is doing, is exposing a lot to the market and see what we get. So, we are not afraid of selling assets. And as you recall in 2007 and 2008, we sold 25,000 apartment homes and about a third of the enterprise because we thought it was a great time to unload those assets and it turned out to be very fortuitous and in the sense that we headed just about the right window.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So if I were to guess though in that transaction, if there is one thing you would have like to done to that transaction is maybe had more of the Florida element involved in the fail, is that accurate? I'm not suggesting you ever told me that but I just feel like maybe that's your past year, is that about right?
Tom Toomey: Well, the first thing you're testing is my memory which over the year is saved but on the long-term aspect of looking at it, if we've asked ourselves several times and looking at that transaction that we would have sold more. And what we really thought about when we sized it and shaped it, was both the element of where we would go with the dividend and the coverage of the dividend as well as asset pricing. And it turns out we've got it about half right. We had the right asset pricing, right window to sell but the truth is we didn't forecast the economy dropping as perceived those we did. And ultimately a year later we had to cut the dividend. And I don't regret the decision. Florida at the time we thought would weather a better storm. We thought there was some more value to wrung out. And the truth is here we are five years later and Florida is still has not bounced back. And I think we'll probably see some of our asset dispositions in the Florida this cycle.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Just quickly a couple of question, this is on the joint venture. Did you say that you can't gauge the appetite of MetLife in future activity but you did say you expect to do more? So can you provide any color on how big the future business could be with MetLife?
Tom Toomey: Well, in the case of Met, I can't really speak on behalf of Met with respect to their goals and aspirations and pricing. What we have is a very good working relationship. And we talk about individual communities and portfolios that are in the market today as well as may come to the market. And I think they are very astute buyers of real estate. And they'll have their own sense of price, we'll have ours and we'll compare in those. But I would say that their overall tenure is towards growing their multi-family platform.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: In Southeast?
Tom Toomey: That wouldn't be fair for me to speculate what market.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: And then lastly on the Kuwait Finance House, I'm just curious, is there anything unique about having them as a partner, anything cultural? I mean, are they nice people?
Tom Toomey: Rich, I mean, anybody you pick as a partner is always nice people.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: But I mean it's just your typical joint venture. It's not anything unique about because it is kind of unique type of partner I guess I would say?
Tom Toomey: Well, I think they are obviously, sure we are compliant, and they are very proud/compliant investor and prudent. They've been investing in United States for many, many years, and they have been successful at it. So, we find them very engaging, thoughtful, and a very strategic partner to have.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Trujillo with Bank of America.
Tom Trujillo - Bank of America: I appreciate your comments to Jana about your future de-leveraging being more kind of directional and opportunistic and goal-oriented, and I know that's hard to forecast acquisitions in 2012. But can you just provide some comments on potential sources of financing should your acquisitions exceed your divestitures? So, if you need additional capital, do you see using the equity market, preferred debt, either secured or unsecured and kind of what you're seeing out of pricing in each of those markets?
Tom Toomey: Hey Tom, this is Dave. I think that when we look at future acquisitions and whenever there is an additional need that arises, we look at all sources of capital, and determine at that time what is best for pricing, what is best for long-term growth of the enterprise, and so there may be points in time where unsecured offerings make more sense, while there will be other times where we're going to fund more with equity than we would with debt. From an unsecured standpoint, we're looking to continue to bring down our secured leverage and you've seen us access the unsecured markets more frequently than the secured. Unsecured basis we're probably around 4% type number on 10-year paper, and equity is what is trading at today. I think we've been pretty vocal in saying that we would fund more of the acquisitions with equity and debt and that we also always have the opportunity to look at the wide array of capital market, I guess products that are out there; being an investment-grade rated company.
Operator: Mark Fisher with Bloomberg.
Mark Fisher - Bloomberg: This is question for Harry. I'm just wondering if you can talk about acquisition cap rates in 2012, and what you're seeing. Whether you think that cap rates will continue to compress at current levels or if you think they'll level off?
Harry Alcock: In terms of acquisition cap rates for the core products that we've been looking at, my general assumption is that the cap rates will be relatively stable throughout the year. These types of assets are influenced significantly by changes in interest rates if buyers tend not to capitalize purchase with nearly as much debt. In terms of the non-core product perhaps that we're selling, again, I think cap rates are probably going to move generally sideways and interest rates remain low. Buyers are still underwriting sort of properties with good fundamentals and expect cap rates to remain generally low.
Mark Fisher - Bloomberg: And then you guys gave disposition cap rates of 6% to 6.5%; I'm just wondering, given that that's funding your development, what the dilution will be from development in terms of the timing when it bleeds into your portfolio in terms of sale. Are you going to sell these as you need the money for funding for redevelopment, or is there going to be a mismatch of funding there?
Tom Toomey: Mark, this is Toomey. There's probably a mismatch. I think the sales will probably be more frontloaded, the development dollars will be even throughout the year. And realize that the development dollars are going to assets under construction. So there inherently is no cash flow coming back from that constructing activity. So that's a big part of the dilution we are taking in the short run. But in the long-run, the caliber of assets, the growth rate of new asset and the market composition of them should far and exceed the assets that we are selling. So that's kind of our plan for '12.
Mark Fisher - Bloomberg: And then lastly, on your CapEx spend. You guys have $1,150 a unit priced in and that's up from $1,081 last year. I'm just wondering, where that number goes and how of that is being impacted by the new non-same-store pool that's coming in, given the higher cost markets that they are in?
Tom Toomey: You hit it on the head. A lot of it is, it's a different portfolio than we've had for the last couple of years, and whether it's a high rise or a mid rise, you have a lot of systems that cost more than a basic garden community to take care of, as well as the common areas, the amenity base when people are paying rents that are in New York, up in the $3,000 to $4,500 range, the upkeep is more timely. So, most of it is due to the change in the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Taylor Schimkat with KBW.
Taylor Schimkat - KBW: Just one question guys. Going back to dispositions, it looks like a chunk of the 2011 dispositions where newer properties developed through RE3. Looking forward at 2012, what does the mix look like between newer assets in secondary markets than older assets? And then secondly, could you comment on the expected cap rate spread between those newer and older assets if that's appropriate.
Harry Alcock: In terms of the characterization of the properties that we're selling in 2012, a majority of the properties will be our, call it, the non-core assets in these tertiary markets that the age will vary, but it will not be weighted in any particular way towards newer assets. So, inevitably there will be some in those sales. In terms of newer versus older, it depends on so many things, including whether there's a rehab component in terms of the quality of the sub market et cetera. I mean, in general, particularly new assets will trade at lower cap rates than older assets, but it gets a little hard to generalize because you have to look at sort of the really micro aspects of the deal on a property by property basis.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citi.
Eric Wolfe - Citi: Just one quick clarification. I think you mentioned in your remarks that your anticipated de-leveraging was fully in guidance and does that mean do you have some equity issuance in guidance or is it just the dispositions that you're talking about there?
David Messenger: On the disposition guidance, we don't have any additional equity in our guidance numbers other than the shares issued to the ATM in January that were disclosed.
Operator: Okay thank you. And there are no further questions. Please proceed.
Tom Toomey: Well, I thank all of you for your time this morning. And as you can tell, 2011 was a very, very good year for UDR. And that we accomplished many of our strategic goals. And as we look at 2012, we feel very good about the business on the ground from an operating and from an opportunity standpoint. And I believe that we will advantage of those as they present themselves. We have a very good sound management group, execution team on the ground. And it's reflected both in our guidance as well as our increasing of our dividend. So, we think we're off to a great start in '12 and looking forward to it. With that, we'll close and thank you for your time again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes UDRs fourth quarter conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325 with the access code 4501829. ACT would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Van Ens – Vice President Investor Relations Thomas W. Toomey – President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Jerry A. Davis – Senior Vice President Operations Warren L. Troupe – Senior Executive Vice President Harry G. Alcock – Senior Vice President – Asset Management Matthew T. Akin – Senior Vice President – Acquisitions & Dispositions
Analysts :  Anthony Pallone – JP Morgan Eric Wolfe – Citi [Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley] Jana Galan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rob Stevenson – Macquarie Capital Derek Bower – UBS Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates Alex Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill Stephen C. Swett – Morgan Keegan Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets Robert W. Baird – Paula Poskon [Handal St. Jewws – KBW]   
Operator: Welcome to UDR’s third quarter 2011 conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Following the presentation there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded today, October 31, 2011. I would now like to turn the call over to Chris Van Ens, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Chris Van Ens:  Thank you for joining us for UDR’s third quarter financial results conference call. Our third quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website www.UDR.com. In the supplement we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in accordance with Reg. G requirements.  I would like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. The discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning’s press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question and answer portion we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions and follow up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey. 
Thomas W. Toomey : Welcome to UDR’s third quarter conference call. On the call with me today are David Messenger, Chief Financial Officer and Jerry Davis, Senior Vice President of Operations who will discuss our results as well as senior officers Warren Troupe, Harry Alcock, and Matt Akin who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. My comments will primarily focus on two topics: first, quarterly results and the overall state of UDR’s business now and moving into next year; and second, our expansion efforts over the past year, how our investments have performed, and what is in store moving forward. Following my comments David will discuss our financial results and Jerry will provide commentary on operations.  First, UDR’s business remains strong. The company generated robust same store revenue and net operating income growth of 5% and 7% respectively in the third quarter translating into 14% year-over-year increase in core FFO per share. While we are in a challenging and volatile macro environment, the effects on our business have been mitigated by the combination of declining home ownership rates, a multigenerational low in new supply, low turnover, and solid job growth amongst younger aged cohorts.  Late in the third quarter we saw a typical seasonal slowing in rental rate growth but as of yet have little evidence that this is anything but industry wide seasonality consistent with my many years in the business. We continue to push new leases and renewal rates with little effect on occupancy. The year-to-date rent growth we have realized in 2011 has provided us with initial visibility into revenue growth into early portions of 2012. Jerry will provide an overview of how our core markets are performing in his prepared remarks. Second, we have grown and improved our overall portfolio within the last 12 months through a combination of acquisitions, developments, redevelopment and dispositions totaling a net investment of $2.7 billion. These strategic actions have resulted in our average portfolio rent for our wholly owned community increasing to $1,320 per home at the end of the third quarter. This is up from $1,150 per home in the second quarter 2010, or a 15% growth. And, the corridor between Boston and Washington DC, now comprises 36% of our net operating income while the west coast comprises 38% of our NOI. First let’s discuss and focus and focus on the acquisitions. Our 2010 and 2011 acquisitions have targeted urban markets with favorable job formation in the renter cohort, low single home affordability and advantage multifamily supply and demand dynamics such as Manhattan, Boston, Washington DC, San Francisco, and southern California. Integrating these high quality assets into our portfolio has been a top priority. I am pleased to report that Jerry and his team have made great progress driving operating efficiencies at these assets and thereby creating significant value. Before moving on to development and redevelopment, I’d like to say a couple of words on $1.2 billion of acquisitions we’ve completed in Manhattan during 2011. We are very encouraged by the improvement in operations and the rent increases we have achieved thus far in Manhattan. While we are just beginning our redevelopment efforts, I’m excited about the initial outperformance versus our pro forma expectations for the project and our entire portfolio there. Jerry will speak in more detail on the success we are achieving during his prepared remarks. Next, our development and redevelopment pipeline continue to grow totaling nearly $1.1 billion or 12% of the enterprise value at the end of the third quarter. This is consistent with our coverage level of 10% to 15% of enterprise value. Important, many of our projects are in unique [gym] locations in high barrier entry markets where we are better insulated from future upticks in new multifamily supply. Our redevelopment pipeline continues to provide opportunity to improve the portfolio at a good risk adjusted return and can be right sized quickly to changing market dynamics. Non-core asset disposition will be our preferred tool for funding our development and redevelopment activity. To date we have sold $440 million of property in such markets as Dallas, San Francisco East Bay, as well as non-core communities in Southern California and Raleigh. Currently we have approximately $50 million of assets under contract and are marketing over $200 million more. We believe that there’s a strong market for asset sales are potential buyers are hungry for yield right now. NOIs are benefitting from solid fundamentals and the lending environment for multifamily remains very supporting and accommodating. David will provide more information in his prepared remarks on our dispositions. In conclusion, market fundamentals remain strong. Our asset integration efforts are beginning to yield results at our acquired properties and our operating platform is running on all cylinders. We look forward to our continued success. With that, I’ll pass the call over to David. DD Earlier this morning, we reported a year-over-year 14% increase in our core FFO to $0.32. Our results are consistent with our guidance announced in July. Further details are included in our press release and supplements. During the quarter we had two primary non-recurring transactions. First, we recorded $2 million in costs in connection with our acquisitions and second, we completed the sale of a technology investment realizing a gain of $2.6 million. Turning to our balance sheet, during the quarter we raised $584 million through a combination of our ATM program, secondary offering and operating partnership units. This equates to 24.2 million shares in operating partnership units at a weighted average price of $24.12. For the year, we have raised $974 million of equity at a weighted average price of $24.19. This is consistent with the amounts disclosed during our second quarter call and no additional shares have been sold under the ATM since.  In September we acquired 95 Wall and issued $1.8 million operating partnership units for $45.1 million at a price of $25 per unit. At September 30 there were 232.2 million common share equivalent outstanding and for your models, if you assume no further equity issuances for the remainder of the year, the fourth quarter weighted average share count would be 232.2 million and the year-to-date average would be 214 million. As of September 30th we had $506 million of cash and credit capacity. Last Tuesday we announced the closing of our new $900 million revolving line of credit which has an interest rate of LIBOR plus 122.5 basis points, a facility fee of 22.5 basis points, matures in four years with a one year extension option and included an accordion up to $1.35 billion. At the same time we announced a repricing of our $250 million unsecured term loan due in January 2016. The pricing was improved to LIBOR plus 142.5 bips from LIBOR plus 200. The balance of the year has no debt maturing that does not have an extension option.  During the quarter we repaid $97 million of our 3 5/8th percent convertible notes and two secured mortgages for $15 million. Combined, the debt had a weighted average interest rate of 3.9% and a GAAP accounting rate of 5.6%. The retirement of these [bonds] eliminates the convertible debt amortization of $359,000 per quarter. In the fourth quarter we had the opportunity to prepay at PAR $100 million of a secured credit facility that carries a 6.78% interest rate. We are currently planning to repay this facility with sales proceeds. To recap our balance sheet metric, since 2009 we have discussed how we would delever through acquisitions and how it would be funded with a larger percentage of equities and debt. Accordingly, our debt to EBITDA has moved from greater than 10 times to an annualized 8.5 times today. Our debt plus preferred stock to gross assets value ratio has decreased by more than 500 basis points to approximately 48%. Our secured debt to asset ratio improved 900 basis points to 23%. Our fixed charge ratio has improved to 2.5 times and our unencumbered asset pool has grown by more than 25% to more than $5 billion on a historical cost basis. We anticipated these metrics will continue to improve as we execute our strategy. During our second quarter call we provided asset disposition guidance of $500 to $600 million. To date we have closed on asset swaps for $237 million and sold three types of assets for $81.5 million. Subsequent to September 30 we closed on the sale of The Tribute in Raleigh North Carolina for $56 million and two communities in non-core markets in California for $69 million. We have two additional units in non-core markets under contract for $53 million expected to close in the fourth quarter which will bring the year-to-date total to $496 million. In addition to these transactions, we have several other non-core communities listed for sale. The proceeds from these sales will be used to fund debt repayment and our redevelopment pipeline.  Turning to guidance for the balance of 2011. Our year-to-date and third quarter results are in line with our expectations for the full year. Accordingly, we will maintain our practice to update guidance through the year or when a material event has occurred. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis : We’re happy to report same store NOI was up 7% which results in revenue growth of 5%, expense growth of 1.1%. Total same store income for occupied homes increased 4.9% to $1201 and occupancy increased 10 basis points to 95.6%. Our loss to lease at the end of September, 2011 was 5% or $58 per home and market rents that increased 6.6% since last September. On a sequential basis revenue increased 2%, [inaudible] were up 2.5% and NOI increased 1.8%.  In our same store portfolio effective rental rates on new leases entered into during the quarter were on average 4.7% higher than what the prior resident was paying. Renewing residents on average paid 6.4% higher on an effective basis. Tom mentioned the seasonality of our business and I’d like to expand on his comments. We manage our lease expirations to have more leases ending during the second and third quarter when traffic is heavier. Accordingly, during the fourth quarter when we have a natural deceleration of traffic we have fewer leases expiring. Our pricing engines are more aggressive when demand is high in the second and third quarter.  In addition, since we have fewer leases turning over in this fourth quarter time period, we have fewer opportunities to increase rent. What we are seeing this year is no different than what we’ve seen historically. Going back to 2005, our sequential revenue growth in the fourth quarter averaged flat to nearly flat. We would expect fourth quarter of this year to be consistent with the past. What is more important than looking at the next three months is looking out beyond that. In that same time frame since 2005, our first quarter sequential growth has averaged .7% and in each year was higher than the preceding fourth quarter’s sequential revenue growth. I would remind you that our loss to lease at the end of September was 5%. Assuming market rents don’t fall over the next year, we should capture most of this in the rent growth. As we entered the fourth quarter we began to experience the typical seasonal slowing as just discussed that has resulted in slightly lower increases on both new leases and renewal leases. That said, we saw our same store new lease rate increased 3.2% in October led by San Francisco with average increases of more than 12% and Austin and Dallas with over 7%.  Renewals in October remained strong up 6% led by San Francisco at 9% and Phoenix and Seattle over 7%. Renewal increases sent out for the remainder of the fourth quarter averaged 6%. We’ve also noticed that we have better pricing power at our A communities than our B communities within a given market. Over the past three months new lease rates in our A communities were up 5.5% versus 3.8% for the B communities. We believe this is the result of higher rent residents being more concerned with location, amenities, interior finishes while lower rent residents are looking for the best deal. Our higher rent properties tend to be more urban and our lower rent communities are more suburban. Resident turnover was up slightly in the quarter to an annualized rate of 66% compared to 65% in the third quarter of 2010. Year-to-date our annualized turnover rate decreased by 100 basis points to 55%. Move out for home purchase remain well below historical average at 12% while move outs due to rent increases are rising slightly, they still represent only 7% of move outs.  Expense growth of 1.1% was the result of higher real estate taxes, utilities, and insurance costs which were offset by lower repairs and maintenance, personnel costs, administrative and marketing costs. Given the acquisition redevelopment and disposition activity over the past 12 months, our non-same store portfolio has grown to 10,107 homes and now represents 28% of our total quarterly NOI including over 3,200 acquired homes located in markets such as Boston, Manhattan, San Francisco, Washington DC, Los Angeles, and Orange County. These properties are performing as expected and are generating better growth in our same store portfolio. In fact, on a sequential basis, our 2010 acquisitions had revenue growth of 2.8% compared to 2% for our same store portfolio. Our 2011 acquisitions produced revenue that was almost 2% over pro forma in the third quarter. Our recent New York acquisitions are giving rent increases in the 11% to 14% range and have occupancies averaging 98%. In addition, since acquiring these properties we’ve been able to eliminate broker commissions and reduce maintenance costs.  Average occupancy for all properties acquired in both 2010 and 2011 was just under 97%. If you refer to attachment nine in our earnings supplement, you will see that we have completed the development of over 2,200 homes in six communities at a total cost of $437 million or $186,000 per home. All of the homes go into our same store pool within the next year except The Tribute which was sold last week. These properties had sequential revenue growth of 2.4% in the third quarter.  In addition, on attachment 10 and 11 you’ll see that we have 2,573 homes being developed at a total estimated cost of $751 million or $292,000 per home. On attachment 10 you will see we have close to 3,000 homes in redevelopment. The pipeline consists of seven communities at a total investment of $337 million. Barton Creek Landing in Austin Texas is scheduled to be completed by the end of the year. CitySouth in San Mateo California will be completed by mid year 2012. Leasing velocity and pricing continues to be very strong at both CitySouth and Barton Creek Landing and both properties are operating ahead of plan. We have five additional properties in Southern California, Metro DC, and Manhattan that are just now beginning the redevelopment process with estimated completions ranging from the second quarter 2013 to the second quarter 2014. Our joint venture with MetLife which includes 26 properties containing 5,748 homes continues to perform well. During the third quarter we reached 95% visible occupancy for the portfolio. The 23 communities that had stabilized occupancies in both second and third quarters achieved sequential revenue growth of 3%. With that, I’d like to give my thanks to all our dedicated associates in the field and in our corporate and regional offices for a strong quarter. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to you Tom.
Thomas W. Toomey : Operator, we’re now ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Anthony Pallone – JP Morgan.
Anthony Pallone – JP Morgan: My first question is Tom you mentioned the environment for selling assets and just transactions in general just pretty strong. I was wondering if you could comment on how participants are underwriting NOI growth over the next few years versus say how underwriting saved up a few months back.
Thomas W. Toomey : With respect to the environment I’ll let Harry and Matt speak about the bidding and what people are underwriting. But on the environment topic I think one thing that is telling about that is that as we’ve talked to a number of lending institutions about their plans for ’12 we have found every platform is going to increase its lending to the multifamily space over ’12 and believe that will be a great environment conducive to getting our sales done both those that are in the pipeline and those that we’re going to undertake in ’12. With respect to the underwriting, what people are underwriting, do you guys have an idea?
Matthew T. Akin : I think buyers are still underwriting strong revenue and NOI growth. There hasn’t been any substantive change over the past several months. It’s still a good fundamental operating environment.
Harry G. Alcock : I’d just add that I think the value add buyers are coming back more and more so we’re seeing a little more emphasis on value add opportunities.
Anthony Pallone – JP Morgan: For your New York City assets, I guess with concerns over financial services potentially pulling back and what the implications may be for Manhattan, I’m wondering how those assets that you bought that were up and running from 2007 to 2010 performed? DD Well, the assets they experienced a dip in revenue and now they’re at or above their peak revenue levels.
Thomas W. Toomey : Tony, to be clear we didn’t buy anything until April of this year and so in underwriting historical numbers we didn’t really go back all the way through the last 10 to 15 years to see where the troughs were and the impact. But it’s clear from our value add that we’re getting in rent increases better than 12% and in some cases up to 15% and that’s primarily what we identified in the underwriting and so we’re exceeding our pro forms on those.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Eric Wolfe – Citi.
Eric Wolfe – Citi: Could you just talk about the level of traffic that you saw in October relative to the same time last year and how that trending through the third quarter? I’m basically just wondering whether you’re seeing the same pause in demand that one of your peers mentioned.
Jerry A. Davis : We’ve been hearing a lot about traffic over the last week or so and I’d like to tell you that our traffic and rents in the fourth quarter are in line with our expectations. If I were in home building or retail I’d focus a lot more on traffic but we tend to look more at leasing activity and putting money in the bank. I think the key points to focus on in our business really are what’s sequential revenue growth going to be in 3Q and 4Q.  We look back over the last five to 10 years, typical growth from 3Q to 4Q is flat on a good year, down in most years. This year it’s looking like it’s going to be flat to slightly up. Let me repeat that, we think it’s a good quarter and we think sequential growth from 3Q to 4Q is going to be slightly up. The other thing we focused a little bit more on is what is 4Q versus last year’s revenue growth look like and right now it’s looking like it’s probably going to be 5% to 5.5% up. Lastly, we look at the strength of our ability to renew and I think I said in my prepared remarks that through the fourth quarter we’re sending out 6% on average and we think in January, so as we turn into 2012 at the beginning of the year we’re going to see rent increases going out to existing residents of 5.5% to 6.5%. I’d remind you that this is from our same store portfolio. In our non-same stores which represent over 25% of the company, we’re expecting to do even better than that. Outside of New York will be slightly better than the 5.5% to 6.5% and in New York it looks like it is probably more 8% to 10% range. So again, traffic is where we expect it. There are no surprises on traffic and pricing. The fourth quarter is playing out how we thought. 
Eric Wolfe – Citi: That sort of leads into my next question because Tom, you mentioned that the leases you’re signing now give you a pretty good look into the early part of 2012. So just based on those leases would you expect growth to accelerate in the early part of the year or is it going to stay flattish? What do you think that sort of revenue growth might look like without of course providing guidance.
Jerry A. Davis : I would tell you in the fourth quarter again, you typically have a drop down in your ability to increase rents just because there’s reduced traffic. As you enter the first quarter you typically pick up some momentum, traffic comes back usually about mid January and accelerates throughout the spring and really accelerates in the summer. So without giving guidance, we would things would pickup in the first quarter.
Thomas W. Toomey : One thing I’d add is I think in my prepared remarks if Jerry were not to increase rent anymore than he already has in terms of market and if occupancies were to stay flat, you’d be embedded somewhere around 4.5% revenue growth next year. Obviously, we’re not standing still and obviously we think fundamentals are strong and we like to be able to beat that number. It’s just saying as a floor, if you would, under that premise next year and that it’s only to the upside is where we’re looking.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley].
[Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley]: Jerry, you mentioned in your comments that there seems to be a bifurcation in As versus Bs in your ability to improve rents. I was just wondering, does that hold true also for your markets which are at the top end of the rent growth like San Francisco and Austin?
Jerry A. Davis : I think it holds true throughout the entire portfolio, the disparity between As and Bs in the markets we operate in. There’s definitely the disparity I talked about as far as the ability to push new rent. The other thing is occupancy levels on our A properties are about 95.9% in the third quarter and Bs were about 95.4%. Well, you tend to see it, more of our portfolio on the market basis – more of our portfolio in San Francisco tends to be in the A range and we’re getting much better performance there.
[Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley]: Just turning to redevelopment, what are the yields you’re looking at on the new redevelopment projects you’re starting? And also, what was the difference in what you realized at CitySouth and some of the others ones that you completed versus pro forma?
Thomas W. Toomey : Our underwriting, which we’ve discussed in prior years is first you have to undertake the effort to bring the asset to market. So if we think the asset is on our books at $10 million but truly we can sell it at $20, we calculate our return assuming the $20 and our return expectations for the redevelopment pipeline are generally probably going to be 7.5 if you take out that step of the market value, you’re probably more in the nine range.
[Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley]: Did that hold true for CitySouth and the way the rents are looking right now?
Jerry A. Davis : I think both CitySouth and Barton Creek are up in that range. You know, we’ve increased rent at Barton Creek over $500 from pre rehab to post rehab and at CitySouth they’re up well over $700.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jana Galan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jana Galan – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Following up the comments you made on the disposition environment, I was wondering if you could comment on how you’re thinking about acquisitions now and do you see better opportunities in redevelopment, development, or maybe land purchases?
Jerry A. Davis : With respect to the best opportunities, I think the best opportunity for capital would probably be the redevelopment effort in our mind. Why? Because, you have an embedded cash flow, you take a part of it offline but the efforts that we’re undertaking mostly in California right now, many of the residents frankly do not move while we’re conducting the redevelopment so very little dilution out of that effort. Next up to that would probably be the acquisition front, but that’s hard to project. We’re certainly looking at a number of opportunities. We’re never certain about which one will get across the go line but there’s plenty in that front. On the development front, where we can’t buy, or we don’t have existing assets then we’ll undertake development.  On the land pricing, we think land really did not take a hit in the downturn is right back to the 2007 pricing levels and so we’re looking for development sites. We’ve got a lot in front of us, we’ll just have to pick through the opportunities and see what really fits us and our return expectations. So there’s plenty of opportunities for us to put capital to work, we’re just going to be very selective and thoughtful about that process.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rob Stevenson – Macquarie Capital.
Rob Stevenson – Macquarie Capital: Tom, just a follow up on that last question, in the release you guys talked about the Beach Walk JV potentially starting in the next year and I think you’ve got some more Vitruvian land and a Wilshire Los Angeles site, am I correct in that’s basically right now what’s on the books as the extent of your development capabilities for future starts?
Thomas W. Toomey : That’s correct as well as I would add the Met joint venture which has 10 sites remaining and we’re out examining those right as we speak and I would suspect over the next year that some of those will be undertaken.
Rob Stevenson – Macquarie Capital: Jerry, can you give us the monthly breakdown during the third quarter of the rental rate growth increases for both new leases as well as renewals?
Jerry A. Davis : For renewals in July it was 6.2%, August was 6.6%, September was 6.4% and for new leases July was 4.7%, August was 4.5% and September was 5.2%.
Rob Stevenson – Macquarie Capital: Then one last question on expenses, do you guys talk about whether or not you’re seeing any significant upward pressure on expenses that you had through the back half of this year relative to expectations?
Jerry A. Davis : Really, the only real category of expenses that we expect to see some pressure compared to last year is real estate taxes. They should be even with what they’ve been throughout the last quarter or two but last year in the fourth quarter we had some revaluations that came through to us and gave us some savings in the fourth quarter of last year. So year-over-year growth in 4Q will predominately come from real estate taxes.
Thomas W. Toomey : One thing that [came] to me to add to the expense front here and I’m going to take a little bit and pat Jerry on the back and his team. We look at the long term trend of expenses, and you can have short swings but the truth is over the last five years he’s grown expenses on average under 1% in each of the last five years. And certainly I think a lot of that is people, a lot of it is technology and just better but the end is what it does is lead us to a better margin and we’ve crossed back over 66 and if you add in the non-matures I think the margin gets to 68%. People lose sight of, sometimes that in the real estate field, it’s a big metric to us especially when we go and look at acquisitions and if we say we’re running down the street at 68% or 69% margin and the existing operator is running at 62% we know we can get that margin over time. So it’s an important metric to start thinking about. 
Rob Stevenson – Macquarie Capital:  Is there anything big left on the horizon to improve that any further?
Thomas W. Toomey : Well, I think one of the biggest fronts here is our open and you’re going to see as we probably move through this slide in home ownership is retention. If we can figure out how to unlock more and more of this turnover and bring it down with an average turn cost of $2,000 we could potentially cap for a great deal of upside in that area. On the new technology front, how you procure a customer, we’ve all made the first frontier which is to get into pricing technology.  The question now is how to identify to spend the right marketing dollars on the right customer, so to work backwards on your channeling of marketing dollars to get the high probability tenants who is going to stay there for long periods of time. I think you’re going to see more and more of that predictive model about how to score your customer, how to attract your customer, and then how to keep them. I think there’s a lot to gain in this area and certainly that’s where our focus is and our technology and people efforts. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Derek Bower – UBS.
Derek Bower – UBS: I just wanted to follow up on an earlier question, I understand that traffic is in line with your expectations but can you help us quantify what that means in terms of actual year-over-year increase or decrease?
Jerry A. Davis : I would tell you our third quarter unique visitor traffic at www.UDR.com is up 30% year-over-year and in October it was up 35% to 245,000 hits. In addition to [inaudible] our mobile traffic which represents about 14% of our unique traffic at www.UDR.com is up about 132%.
Derek Bower – UBS: And what about the actual asset level, people walking in the door?
Jerry A. Davis : It’s about what we expected. It’s down probably 15%. That’s what we projected it would be. You know, what you had happen last year and the year before is people were aware that there was a large drop from peak to trough and they went out and looked and in 2009 they were able to find a great deal so traffic was up. So instead of looking at three competitive properties they may have gone to 10. Last year they went again and thought they could play the same game and get a substantial increase and I think what they found was price was roughly the same as they were paying at a comparable property. This year, I think people look online more than they did two years ago. They do all of their price shopping through places like www.UDR.com to help narrow down their selection.
Derek Bower – UBS: On markets specifically, can you talk about trends in Norfolk Virginia and I guess comment on the [Norfolk] overall? It looks like your rent per occupied home actual slipped sequentially so any additional color there would be helpful?
Jerry A. Davis : Norfolk is predominately a military town, sort of Navel basis. Norfolk has been hurt more than most our other properties, all of their decline recently is not seasonality. It can really relate to ships going out versus ships going in so you have some unique phenomena that occurs there as well as in our San Diego and the Jacksonville market. That’s the primary thing that happened in Norfolk, the military rotations.
Thomas W. Toomey : I’d add that with the recent administration’s announcements that they’re going to pull back some of the people from the Middle East it will be interesting to see which markets and what divisions get pulled back and what the timing of that is. But I think the long term aspect of Norfolk is it will recover just on the indication that we’re going to draw down our troops.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: I wanted to follow up on your answer to Tony’s question, you said that all the lenders you spoke to are looking to increase their lending activity in multifamily. Are you finding that is true for construction lending as well? And is it just for the multifamily REITs or are they looking to expand their activity to both public and private borrowers?
Warren L. Troupe : I’ll tell you that with respect to we’re out in the market in construction loans and it’s a very competitive pricing and there’s a lot of buy in for construction loans. I think that’s true with respect to public REITs. We have heard anecdotally that construction lending is still difficult for the private.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: My second question is just a clarification from Jerry, did you say that you thought sequential growth from 4Q to 1Q on the revenue side would be 0.7%?
Jerry A. Davis : I did. Well, I didn’t say that’s what I thought it would be this year, I said that as we look back over the last six or seven years that’s what it’s averaging. 
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: If 4Q ends up flat to slightly up sequentially and then 4Q to 1Q ends up at that average of 70 basis points what do you think the year-over-year revenue growth would be in 1Q12?
Jerry A. Davis : I don’t think we want to give any guidance right now.
Thomas W. Toomey : It will be positive Karin.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates.
Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates: Just back to this traffic topic, I don’t mean to dwell on it but I just think it has this figure that you put out and also another peer put out in terms of the year-over-year decline has caught some people’s attention. And I know it’s not your preferred metric in terms of visits to the communities but can you just put this into historical perspective for us? On a year-over-year basis have you seen other periods where you’ve seen a decline like that?
Jerry A. Davis : I have. Traffic will fluctuate at any given time. I can tell you for the full year our traffic is probably down a little over 10%. So what’s happening right now is a little more pronounced but again I think what happened last year and the year before is people were out looking for a deal they were able to get in 2009 they discovered in 2010 they couldn’t find it and this year they’re just looking on the internet while they’re price shopping.
Thomas W. Toomey : I do believe that there’s a little bit too much emphasis on the early part of the reporting season on this traffic patter when in fact, what really matters is what cash we’re putting in the bank, what our occupancies are, what we’re sending out for renewal notices, what those renewal notices are going to be the take rate. And in our business we’re telling you we see continued revenue growth, that we’re not at all surprised at the seasonal pattern and frankly it makes a lot of sense to us in light of both holidays, heat wave, all those traffic elements that influence it. But the truth is we’re pushing rent, we’re not getting a push back on it and that’s where we think the business is headed and headed for a long period of time.
Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates: Jerry you had an interesting comment on As versus Bs, you mentioned the spread in terms of pricing during the third quarter. Is this a widening spread or is that spread consistent with what you saw in the first half of the year?
Jerry A. Davis : I’ll be honest with you Dave, we weren’t really tracking it in depth earlier this year so I don’t have that number handy. I may be able to go dig that back up.
Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates: Last question, Tom, just given your preference for redevelopment today can you talk about that pipeline and maybe put it into perspective for us in terms of how large of an opportunity that is in your core markets, what’s the potential annual spend there?
Thomas W. Toomey : Well, David it’s hard to forecast exactly how much of the pipeline will pencil out but moving it out by $300 million as we’ve done, I would like to continue the increase to have about $300 million underway each year. The source of that, we think a lot of it is going to be frankly in the California corridors where it’s so difficult to really develop from the ground up there with sometimes three, four years of lead time to look at something and scrape it. A lot of our portfolio in those markets frankly are up against the west side of the 405 and we think that’s a great place with a high propensity to rent where an improved product has a wide pool of renters available to it. So we’re focused on that which happens to be our largest market at present. Then followed by that we’ll probably be looking at the DC corridor and the inner loop there where we think we have a handful of opportunities. But the redevelopment is, as you can visit in many of our assets, for us it is not a $10,000 a door effort. We are actually taking the community apart, you’re really attempting to retenant it completely not just on a cash-on-cash returns analysis but also on a cap rate compression. For many of you that have seen CitySouth, if we had sold that in the open market it probably would have been a 6.25 cap and post redevelopment it’s probably a 5.25 cap and with a $700 a month rent increase you can kind of pencil in the kind of great return and it’s a great location. So that’s why we really gravitate to the redevelopment efforts and believe on a risk adjusted basis why it scores the best on returns.
Dave Bragg – Zelman & Associates: Tom, one last question on that, in terms of your underwriting on the new redevelopment starts, is that 100 basis points of compression a pretty good rule of thumb for us to think about?
Thomas W. Toomey : I would do that, yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alex Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill.
Alex Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill: Just going back to Tom, on the redevelopment front, if you could just give us some examples on Marina Pointe and the two Costa Mesa deals what your team is expecting from the revenue for the rental pop for those redevelopments?
Thomas W. Toomey : We expect somewhere in the neighborhood of $600 to $700 per month in incremental revenue on those. Marina Pointe is about $1,500 it’s going to $2,100 to $2,200 [inaudible] in each of the Pine Brook assets which are next door to one another are going to be very similar going from that $1,500 to $1,600 up above $2,000 per month.
Alex Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill: Then those assumptions are based on current rents today, right? It’s not like you’re trending it forward?
Thomas W. Toomey : Those are based on current rents today, yes.
Thomas W. Toomey : Alex, once you’ve visited enough of these you realize that the vast majority of the people are not going to move while they’re being rehabbed. That our team has been very good at deciphering how to properly do the rehab and sequence it so we really don’t take much of a hit in the cash flow.
Alex Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill: The second question is as you talk about your dispositions and recycling capital, I’m sort of curious, the Fannie JV, I’m sure they wouldn’t mind raising a few extra dollars although I don’t want to speak to them, but given that JV is there any chance that maybe that’s a harvest opportunity for you?
Thomas W. Toomey : We’re always talking to Fannie both in terms of the joint venture and lending, and the market. And if the opportunity avails itself for those assets to either be sold, or split, the [babies] so to speak, but I’m sure when the time is appropriate there will be a dissolution of that.
Alex Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill: But there’s nothing actively being discussed in the near term.
Thomas W. Toomey : I’d just say we’re always in conversation with them.
Alex Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill: The last question is probably for Warren, you guys are the latest to do the line of credit and the term loan financing. I’m just sort of curious where you started conversations to where you closed, how much of an improvement in rate do you think you got from banks being more competitive versus simply the market coming in?
Warren L. Troupe : Obviously, we’ve looked at this, done the analyst on this and [ETR] has been out in the market and a couple of our other peers so pricing really is kind of set what you’re peers are priced at. I will tell you that it is a very competitive market and it [inaudible] very heavily to be in the line. I think the combination of how we got pretty good pricing on it.
Alex Goldfarb – Sandler O’Neill: But you can’t give us some perspective as far as that competitiveness helped pricing versus just general market trends?
Warren L. Troupe : No, not really.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stephen C. Swett – Morgan Keegan.
Stephen C. Swett – Morgan Keegan: Tom, you’ve got another $250 million under contract and being marketed. When those sales are completed where does that put you in terms of your long term portfolio transition goals? Are you going to kind of be where you want to be or is there still more selling either by market or submarket that you’ve got planned?
Thomas W. Toomey : I think this management groups sees it as a continual effort to always improve the quality of the portfolio and so there’s always going to be an evaluation of every asset in terms of where it stands, what do we think is left in the upside of it, what does the cap ex need and a decision made about the long term right use of capital. At present what we’re targeting is to get into a program of $400 to $500 million annually in sales to offset what is coming online in new development. And we think that nice match, if you will, we think developments are getting 6 to 6.5 and we can go to the market and be selling Norfolk, Virginia, Tennessee, those markets at 6 to 6.5 that it’s a great redeployment of capital, it won’t be dilutive.  So I think we’ll continue to do that and we think that environment will sustain itself for a while primarily because of the low interest rate environment that looks like it’s going to persist for some period of time. And most of those buyers of that caliber of asset are very leverage sensitive and they’re going to be there in depth. So I think it’s a long term program for us. 
Stephen C. Swett – Morgan Keegan: Second question either for David or Warren, as you look into 2012 the debt maturities, any initial thoughts in terms of refinancing either with some incremental equity or your sense on what kind of terms you would use. DD I think we’ll always look at all the different alternatives and possibilities that we have when that time presents itself. We’re always trying to keep our finger on capital markets to where debt pricing is and equity pricing and if an opportunity presents itself one way or the other we would utilize it. But as of today we wouldn’t pin ourselves down to one mode or another.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets.
Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Just to go back to the rental traffic, can you talk about qualified applications? I know people coming into the property but many people that are actually looking to lease the property as well, maybe that’s a better way to look at it?
Jerry A. Davis : I will tell you the rent scores are comparable to what they have been. We really haven’t seen a change in that.
Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Has there been a change in the number of applications? I mean, a person walking in who is shopping the property versus a person actually putting in a rental application I think are two different things?
Jerry A. Davis : I’m sorry I didn’t follow your question. No, you’re right applications have really stayed fairly constant with where they were last year. Today our occupancy is 95.3% so a little bit lower than what we had last year but what we’re really trying to do this year is maintain some of the rate not cut price too much to load up on the occupancy right now so that will push it up in 2012.
Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Second of all you talked about a 5% loss to lease, can you break that out maybe by region or market a bit more so we can see how pricing trends are going?
Jerry A. Davis : As of September – our largest loss to lease at September was in Austin at about 12.5%. That was followed by San Francisco at about 10%, Dallas was around 8%, the bulk of the rest were near the middle. The lower loss to leases are currently in some of our outlaying tertiary areas like Sacramental, other Mid-Atlantic, Portland and Monterrey at 1% to 1.5% and actually Washington DC is down around that 1% level too.
Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Finally, just in terms of non-core assets as we start thinking about you mentioned for next year recycling assets to refund development, are we to assume then that acquisitions will be more equity funded as with this year or is that going to be also funded with recycling proceeds?
Thomas W. Toomey : I think that is our preferred path with equity and we think it’s a great partnership with our shareholders. They can look at individual acquisition opportunities and determine if we’re heading in the right direction and they get to vote with whether they’re going to buy in or not so we think it’s the right path.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robert W. Baird – Paula Poskon.
Robert W. Baird – Paula Poskon: Just a follow up on Karin’s question around the environment for construction financing, are you more or less concerned about new supply across your markets than you may have been maybe six months ago?
Thomas W. Toomey : As I’ve just recently come back from [inaudible] and a number of conferences, it’s very clear to me that the merchant building model is out there seeking capital but the capital is picking through deals. And so there are now, I think in the Mill Wood guys for example are going to say they started out in 2012 thinking they were going to do 2,000 doors and they’re not really upping their increase because capital is being very selective. So I think the merchant builders are hanging around the hoop if you will. There’s not a lot of equity or they don’t have the financial guaranteed entities to get the deals done right now.  Markets that they’re looking for and building in, no surprises there, it’s the suburban DC, it’s the Texas market and we’re starting to see them spring up a little bit in Florida. So mostly suburban oriented product, but again, recognize we’re at record low, generational low, supply numbers and they could go up from here and still not represent a threat to our revenue outlook. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Handal St. Jewws – KBW].
[Handal St. Jewws – KBW]: Jerry, I guess this one is for you, can you expand a bit on your southern California experience during 3Q, particularly LA? Recent third-party data indicated LA strengthened materially during 3Q yet your numbers don’t seem to reflect that?
Jerry A. Davis : LA stayed stable. I think the Marina area during the summer saw a month or two of weakness and since stabilized with our occupancies there being up in the 95% to 96% range. But early in the summer June, July, maybe the first part of August the Marina area was a little soft but it strengthened and probably half of our LA portfolio was up in that market.
[Handal St. Jewws – KBW]: And your thoughts on the other pieces of the LA market, maybe downtown or some of the other areas you’re exposed to?
Jerry A. Davis : Downtown has been performing strong for us. Our MetLife deal, 717 Olympic has been able to push rents and have a good strong occupancy. We sent out pretty good rent increases in the 5% to 7% range.
[Handal St. Jewws – KBW]: Tom, for you I guess more broadly your thoughts on potential acquisition activity today, what are the minimum thresholds ROI today? How has that changed in the past few months and is it better to assume that despite your preponderance of investment opportunity the last year on the east coast that the west coast is probably where you’ll be focusing your attention a bit more going forward?
Thomas W. Toomey : I think it’s clear from where our platform is headed that we’re going to continue to focus from the DC to Boston corridor and focus on the west coast as well. With respect to higher ROIs I think it’s one metric. We use a number of them, one is just replacement cost and we still believe we’re buying assets well below the replacement cost in some of these urban corridors and so I think that’s going to be a metric we’re focused mostly on as well as the growth prospects in terms of what Jerry and his team can do to bring NOIs up to market or exceed market. The ROI’s to answer directly, I guess we kind of look at an eight on an unlevered basis and believe that that’s kind of a minimal threshold. Sometimes we’ll dip below that and take a little bit more risk in terms of the prospects for the future of the enterprise but that’s kind of a number we think about.
[Handal St. Jewws – KBW]: Just one modeling question, can you guys talk about the cap rate achieved on the assets sold during 3Q and also on the assets that are currently under contract today?
Matthew T. Akin : I think overall we’re looking at a blended six cap rate on the dispositions. That would probably be equivalent to what we have under contract as well. So it’s really a forward ’12 look after cap ex and management fees.
Operator:  At this time there are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to turn the call back over to Tom Toomey for any closing comments.
Thomas W. Toomey : Thank you all of you and I hope that the snow has not inconvenienced you a great deal in the Northeast and we will see many of you a NAREIT and certainly hope that you’ll sign up for our tour of Vitruvian Park. With that, thank you again.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude the conference for today. If you would like to listen to a replay of this conference you may do so by dialing either 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325. You will need to enter the access code of 4472872. Those replay numbers once again are 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325 with the access code of 4472872. Again, we do thank you for your participation. You may down disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Cantor – Vice President of Investor Relations Tom Toomey – President and Chief Executive Officer David Messenger – Chief Financial Officer Jerry Davis – Senior Vice President, Property Operations
Analysts: Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan Dave Bragg – Zelman and Associates Eric Wolfe – Citigroup Jeff Spector – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs Rob Stevenson – Macquarie Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O'Neill Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo Seth Laughlin – ISI Group Derek Bower – UBS Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the UDR 2011 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be opened for questions. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded today, Monday, August 1, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Andrew Cantor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Andrew Cantor – Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us for UDR’s second quarter financial results conference call. Our second quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website, www.udr.com. In this supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although, we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this morning’s press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statement. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone’s time and limit your questions and follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that didn’t get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey – President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Andrew, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to UDR’s second quarter conference call. On the call with me today are David Messenger, Chief Financial Officer; and Jerry Davis, Senior Vice President of Operations who will discuss our results, as well as Senior Officers, Warren Troupe; Harry Alcock; and Matt Akin, who will be available to answer questions during the Q&A portion of the call. On the call today, we will discuss our comments on four areas. First, a significant investment activity in 2011; second, capital markets activity; third, David will discuss our financial results and guidance for the remainder of the year; and finally, Gary will discuss our operations. The team has accomplished a great deal this year. I appreciate all of our hard work and believe we have a great deal of momentum to continue our success. With that, let’s just start the results. In the first seven months of 2011, we have grown the portfolio by more than 15% or $1.2 billion through the acquisition of 2,600 homes in seven communities in Manhattan, Washington DC, San Francisco, and Boston. We have announced four new development projects continuing over 1,300 homes for an estimated cost of $375 million and the redevelopment of our Rivergate community for an estimated cost of $40 million to $60 million. As shown by our investment activity, we believe there has been opportune time to continue to grow our company and take advantage of the multifamily tailwind and the long-term positive fundamentals of the business. Let me take a minute to start the recent success in Manhattan and the rationale for nearly $1 billion investment in this market. I think it is clear we have demonstrated the ability to find the attractive off-market deals with above average growth prospect that will strengthen our portfolio. 10 Hanover Square, Rivergate, and 21 Chelsea were all acquired from three different families, each an off-market transaction. These types of acquisitions require an additional level of patience and creativity. Ultimately, we see significant value creation at these communities through the implementation of our operating platform and redevelopment expertise. We will continue to look for similar opportunities grow our presence in Manhattan. Gary will discuss in more detail the success we have already seen at 10 Hanover Square and Rivergate. Turning to capital markets activity, our recently completed $500 million secondary offering was very well-received by the market. The deal was four times oversubscribed and it was priced an attractive 2% discount to the previous day’s close, demonstrating investor’s confidence in our strategy. The offering combined with the ATM and opening unit issuance bring our year-to-date equity raised over $930 million, which means we have funded over 75% of our acquisition through equity. In summary, our company has gone through dramatic change since beginning of the year. And as a result, we have improved our balance sheet, a larger percentage of our NOI coming from above average growth market, and dramatically increased our income per occupied home. We have successfully executed on what we bet we are going to do, de-leveraging through acquisitions and high-barrier to entry market. We are done yet and we believe that this is the right time to enhance the quality and size of our portfolio through acquisitions, development, and redevelopment. With that said, we also believe now it is an appropriate time to sell selected communities. As NOIs have recovered, combined with low interest rate provides us an opportunity to execute at attractive prices. In closing, with the substantial improvement to our portfolio and balance sheet as well as the continued success for our operating platform, we look forward to the remainder of the year. With that, I would pass the call on to David.
David Messenger – Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Tom. Earlier this morning, we reported a year-over-year 15% increase in our quarterly FFO to $0.31. This consisted of $0.32 from our core operations and a $0.01 charge from non-core items or $1.1 million. Our results are consistent with our original guidance announced in February. Further details are included in our press release and supplements. The four non-core items for the quarter consisted of the following. First, we completed $628 million of acquisitions consisting of 10 Hanover Square in Manhattan and View 14 in Washington DC as well as our previously announced $500 million asset exchange. In connection with these transactions, we recorded $2.1 million of acquisition cost and will record additional cost in the third quarter as we have announced $570 million in acquisitions. Specifically, the closing of Rivergate in Manhattan and we are under contract to purchase 21 Chelsea also in Manhattan. Second, we completed a $350 million refinancing for six assets in our UDR/MetLife joint venture. The refinancing was done at a fixed rate of 4.73% and has a term of 10 years. UDR was paid a refinancing fee of $844,000. Third, we incurred $745,000 of severance charges, which will result in future D&A savings. And fourth, we sold Mustang Park a community owned by our (indiscernible) and recognized a gain net of taxes of $891,000. This asset was developed by a third-party through our pre-sell program in the third quarter of 2009 and subsequently sold this quarter. Turning to our balance sheet, as of June 30, we had $882 million of cash and credit capacity, which will more than meet our debt maturity, development, and redevelopment needs through 2012. During the quarter through our APM, we raised $231.2 million through the sale of $9.4 million shares at a weighted average net price of $24.51. Also we took advantage of an opportunity to repurchase 141,200 shares of our series G preferred stock at $25.38 a share and a yield of 6.71%. As previously announced, we priced a seven-year $300 million unsecured bond offering at 4.25%. The bond will mature of June 1, 2018. Subsequent to the quarter close, we sold 20.7 million shares at a price of $25 per share with proceeds being used to fund our most recent acquisitions, pay down debt, and for general corporate purposes. The balance of the year has $103 million of debt maturing, which we planned to pay for through asset sales. This debt has a weighted interest rate of 3.8% and an accounting rate of 5.6%. We also have the opportunity to prepay at par $100 million of a secured credit facility that carries a 6.78% interest rate. This too we planned to pay with sales proceeds. As a result of our acquisitions in 2010 and 2011 and the equity we have raised over the same time period, our credit metrics are improving faster than originally anticipated. We expect that our debt to EBITDA to have moved from above 10 times to below 8.5 times. Our debt to DAV will decrease from being above 53% to below 48% and our fixed charge will be above 2.4 times. Turning to our guidance, in conjunction with our July equity offering, we increased our 2011 guidance. Our full year 2011 FFO is expected to be between $1.25 and $1.30 per diluted share compared to our prior guidance of $1.20 to $1.25 per diluted share, a 4% increase at the midpoint. The change in the midpoint can be accounted for through the following; A $0.02 addition from improvement in same-store property NOI and $0.08 addition from our 2011 acquired properties, a $0.02 to $0.03 addition from improvement and other non-same-store property NOI, a $0.01 reduction from interest expense resulting from our $300 million 4.25% unsecured offering occurring earlier in the year than originally forecasted, and a $0.06 deduction related to the common equity issued in 2011 through our ATM program to July equity offering and the issuance of OP units. Let me give you some addition details of the following three material components impacting our new guidance. First our NOI, the revenues we expect the full year range of plus 4% to plus 4.5%. For expenses, we have tightened our range from plus 2% to plus 2.5% as a result of certain real estate tax appeals that were settled in the second quarter. Our NOI is now projected at the range from plus 5% to plus 6%. Second our share count; during 2011 through our ATM, we sold 15.2 million shares for $368.3 million in net proceeds. In July we sold 20.7 million shares at a rate of $496.3 million in net proceeds. In addition, as far the 10 Hanover closed transaction, we issued $2.6 million operating partnership unit for $64 million. In total, we have raised $930 million of equity at a weighted average net price at $24.16 per share. Third asset sales, we have announced that we expect about $200 million to $300 million of assets in the second half of the year, which the proceeds will be used to pay our maturing debt. Now I will turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis – Senior Vice President, Property Operations: Thanks, Dave. Good morning, everyone. Same-store NOI in the second quarter was up 5.1% as a result of revenue growth of 3.6% and expense growth of 70 basis points. Total same-store income per occupied home increased 3.7% to $1,181 and occupancy is down 10 basis points to 95.7%. This is the ninth straight quarter that our occupancy is averaged greater than 95.5%, translate into continued pricing dollar. In fact, our loss to lease at the end June 2011 was 6.3% or $74 per home.  Our same-store portfolio effective rental rate on new leases entered in to during the quarter on average 5% higher than what the prior residents was paying. Renewing resident on average paid 5.5% higher on effective basis. Renewal increases sent out for the month of August, September averaged greater than 6% with increases in our strongest market by San Francisco and Washington D.C. averaging 7% to 8% While we are pleased with our ability to push rent, our maintained occupancy this year that has been done without substantial job growth in majority of our market. We believe we will see more job creation in 2012. Resident turnover was down slightly in the quarter to an annualized rate of 55% compared to 56% to the second quarter of 2010. This marks the ninth consecutive quarter of declining turnover. Expense growth of 70 basis points will be result of higher utility, insurance cost, which were offset by lower real estate taxes. Repairs and maintenance and personnel costs were up less than 1%. Given the acquisition, development and redevelopment activity over the past 12 months, our non same-store portfolio has grown to 6,900 homes and now represents 20% of our total NOI, including over 3100 acquired homes located in markets such as Boston, Manhattan, San Francisco, Washington D.C., and select Southern California submarkets. The completed development of over 2,200 homes in six communities at a total estimated cost of $434 million or $185,000 per home. Over 80% of these homes will enter our same-store pool within the next year. In addition, we have 2,000 homes being developed at a total cost of $607 million or $304,000 per home. 40% of these homes will be delivered in 2012 and the remainder in 2013. Over 850 homes that are in redevelopment, the pipeline consists of three communities totaling 862 homes at a total cost of $117 million. Highlands of Marin, San Rafael, California is expected to enter our same-store portfolio in the second quarter of 2012. Barton Creek Landing in Austin, Texas is scheduled to be completed later this year. And City South in San Mateo, California will be completed by mid-year 2012. Leasing and pricing continue to be very strong at both of these communities and both are operating ahead of plan. Our joint venture with MetLife continues to progress well after taking over management of the portfolio in November of 2010, when physical occupancy was 83%, we have pushed that number up to over 94% occupancy and we have fully implemented our operating platform which has driven expenses down. We are pleased with our continued success with this portfolio. Let me turn now to our recent acquisitions. These acquisitions were completed in the third quarter of 2010. First, 10 Hanover Square since acquiring the asset in April, effective rents have increased 14% on new leases buying, exceeding our initial expectation. This level of rent growth in Manhattan over such a short period is an example of our ability to create value through our operating platform. We believe the World Trade Center development site will continue to define the lower Manhattan residential market, with plans for approximately 10 million square feet of office space, 500,000 square feet of retail space, a performing art center, and an improved 800,000 square foot transportation hub. The redevelopment of the World Trade Center site will continue to increase the desirability of the lower Manhattan area, including the residential market. We believe the Financial District is an attractive submarket of Manhattan to grow our presence and we will continue to look for opportunities. Second, Rivergate, let’s take a minute to walk through this transaction. It’s a 706-home community located in one of the highest barrier to entry market, Manhattan. Current in-place rent that are more than $500 below market, but in another way a loss to lease of $500 or over 15%. In the first 10 days since acquiring the asset, we have increased leased occupancy from 95.6% and 98.2% and raised rents 15% over the expiring lease rate. This is 5% ahead of our initial underwriting. While its only 18 leases, the results are very encouraging. Next, we plan to do a $40 million to $60 million redevelopment project, which will include a new rooftop fitness center and deck, as well as an updated lobby building entry way, anticipate additional $700 in the rent following the renovation. Clearly, we are excited for the continued opportunities we see in these assets, and we’ll keep everyone updated on their future success. With that, I’ll now turn the call back over to, Tom.
Tom Toomey – President and Chief Executive Officer: And thank you. Operator, now we are prepared for the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we’ll now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from the line of Anthony Paolone with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan: Thanks, good morning. Tom, with the MetLife JV on the land side, you guys were able to take down a piece of land and start construction there or at least do the pre-sale deals. I was wondering if you could tell us how that process went and the prospects for potentially more of those deals, and also the economics?
Tom Toomey: Well, certainly, I’ll let Harry cover the economics. With respect to the process certainly, we’re having a dialog with Met on a broad range of topics not just the operations of the properties and how they are doing very well, but also the land inventory and how it will ultimately be disposed or build upon. And we are working through the 11 sites and suspect that we’ll find other opportunities in there that we can either work together or we’ll buy the land and build it for our own account. So, I think there will be more activity over the next year on that front. The dialog relatively straightforward, we have recurring meetings with the lot of different Met from the local asset managers all the way to the top and how to manage this $2.5 billion portfolio to optimize this value and continue to reiterate our interest in owning more of it. We are working on the long range of topics there, but I would suspect that you will see us over time figure out how to accomplish what Met wants and what we want, which is to own a little bit more real estate with them, the deal itself and the economics.
Harry Alcock: Yeah, from a – just from yield standpoint on today’s rents are un-trended rents, we expect to get close to 6.5% on that front.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan: Got it. And then just my follow-up here, now that you’ve done these deals that now are about or you now have about 20% of the portfolio not in the same-store and the numbers out of New York seem really quite strong. So, I was just wondering how we should think about growth out of a non-same-store pool rate over the next, I don’t know either few quarters or year, whatever you feel comfortable commenting on. It seems like it maybe different than the rest of the core?
Jerry Davis: Yes, I mean, this is Jerry. I think our non-same-stores will grow at a higher rate. When you look at the bulk of them, they are in New York, Boston, D.C., some in Northern California. I think you are going to see annualized growth rates that exceed what our core portfolio is, if I have to guess. And you are looking probably in the high single-digits in many of those markets, which is quite a bit higher than our same-store.
Anthony Paolone – JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Dave Bragg with Zelman and Associates.
Dave Bragg: Thanks. Good morning. Tom, last quarter, you opened and closed the call with some interesting thoughts on homeownership you said that the new dynamics there may redefine how the multifamily business has been traditionally underwritten in models. Can you expand on this thought and offer any comments as to whether or not this has already been – you are seeing this contemplated by those in the acquisition market today?
– Zelman and Associates: Thanks. Good morning. Tom, last quarter, you opened and closed the call with some interesting thoughts on homeownership you said that the new dynamics there may redefine how the multifamily business has been traditionally underwritten in models. Can you expand on this thought and offer any comments as to whether or not this has already been – you are seeing this contemplated by those in the acquisition market today?
Tom Toomey: Well, with respect to homeownership, I believe you will continue to see it fall for some time as inventory, foreclosed gets delivered at lower prices, appraised values pick those up, financing available for housing tightens. So, I think we are still have not felt the bottom of homeownership in America, and I think the dynamics in the future, people’s willingness to gamble on housing is going to be less receptive. So, where that pendulum swings to the bottom David I am not certain, but as long as it’s continuing to swing in our favor, I don’t think it’s good for our business.
Dave Bragg – Zelman and Associates: Okay. And sure, a follow-up to that is given your portfolio strategy of investing in higher barrier markets, can you talk about the long-term threat of homeownership versus supply and perhaps update us on the trajectory of multifamily supply here as we look into 2012 and beyond?
Tom Toomey: Well, certainly. And one of the keys of that strategy is to try to get to more of an urban and less home ownership friendly environment, if you will, and to get away from the suburban, primarily because I do worry not over the next couple of years about the supply equation, but certainly if you talk to lenders, you can see that they are lending more aggressively on multifamily, because of the NOI growth rates. Merchant builders will find a way to secure capital. And they are going to start building on the suburban locations, and you can already see that reflective in the start. So, why would I want to have a company exposed to that, I am trying to move us away from as much of that is possible. And I think you’ll see us take advantage of that by selling a lot of our suburban real estate in the years ahead to shrink that exposure.
Dave Bragg – Zelman and Associates: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question is from the line of Eric Wolfe with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Eric Wolfe – Citigroup: Tom just, just on your answer there can you just tell us for the $300 million of dispositions you are expecting this year what kind of valuations you are expecting and then also looking at a little bit longer term, how much capital recycling is going to play into your strategy versus just going out and issuing equity and issuing debt to grow and upgrade your portfolio?
Tom Toomey: Well, great. It’s very good question Eric. I will start with the sell side, we are out in the market today exposing $600 million and we will wait and see how the pricing comes in on that. Our suspicions are with the five-year secured loans interest only at about 2.3% as of last week that will get good pricing. We are currently thinking that’s going to be selling probably at about fixed cap. The market that we are exposing is Florida, portions in Southern California, suburban Texas and suburban D.C. and so we will see what the pricing is. But I think it’s a great time to sell and I think being patient and waiting for NOI, trajectory to recover and with low interest rate environment I think we'll be able to thread a needle and get that out.  With respect to capital recycling in our plan towards the future, we are modeling and thinking here is that every year we will sell a portfolio that is equivalent to what our delivery for development will be. And we anticipate that probably be a $200 million to $300 million a year and then any high coupon debt and so that will minimize the dilution and fund our development pipeline and high coupon debt. I think that’s the good prudent strategy over the next couple of years and we sized our development pipeline today if it stands at about $600 million, we will probably growth that closer to $1 billion over the next year. And as a result that we coupled with the maturing debt or high coupon debt in the next three years probably get though a portfolio that will sell in the $1 billion to $2 billion over the next three, four years. We don’t see much dilution out of that activity.
Eric Wolfe – Citigroup: Okay. And all of that I have seen is the suburban non-core product that’s you referred to or is there anything and that you consider core just not in the market that you really see yourself something in long-term?
Tom Toomey: I would see that is probably the suburban marketplace drive.
Eric Wolfe – Citigroup: Okay. And just one quick one on your markets Monterey saw some pretty strong sequential revenue growth over 7% and I was just curious also in San Diego you saw a negative sequential growth there. Just wondering if there is changed on the outlook there?
Jerry Davis: No. This is Jerry. In Monterey that is predominately in agricultural marketplace, so you typically we see more growth between 1Q and 2Q. You will make the most of your money in that Monterey portfolio really between February and December of every year, so that’s a normal occurrence. In San Diego, we had some military movement did impact that area and we saw similar issues in both Jacksonville as well as Norfolk and in part of our Seattle portfolio that’s relying on the military. There seem to be an increase in movement this quarter.
Eric Wolfe – Citigroup: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And next question is from the line of Jeff Spector with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jeff Spector – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Tom, you discussed a couple of times now that you are not done yet with the portfolio transformation, can you provide I guess the ideal mix in percentage terms what market to market were at least ex-suburban?
Tom Toomey: Certainly, Jeff I would think of it this way that the market that we would label 10% to 15% exposure and all that carried chime on in these as well. Would probably the New York, Boston, SoCal and San Francisco, will probably be the 10% to 15% marketplace reducing. If you add that you probably going to end with some more between 60% to 65% of the company in those five market. We probably add a little over 50% today in that market mix. So there is a little bit more buying left to do primarily in New York and Boston and San Francisco with respect to how much is left to sell. I think we have said it on the previous answer to Eric, we will probably looking in about a $1 billion or %2 billion, but our intent is to really just use that money to fund our development. If look at our development pipeline is clearly concentrated in those markets so that I highlighted 10% to 15%. There will be a range of markets that will be somewhere between 5% and 10%, obviously that's probably Seattle, it’s San Diego and Dallas, and that will make up to rest of the portfolio.
Jeff Spector – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. One follow-up on your comments about off-market transactions, I would have thought even a year and a half ago, it would be tough to do and you guys have done that. Do you anticipate that will continue? Is it getting tougher? It was David's comment on Rivergate about the dramatic improvement you've had there just in 10 days. It would seem is if people would market to sell their assets?
Tom Toomey: Harry, you want to color a bit?
Harry Alcock: Sure. We're out there actively looking for additional opportunities in New York City. As you know, it's hard to find these deals. They come along on an opportunistic basis and it candidly, it's helpful that we're active in the market, our names out there. So, we're finding additional families to talk to just given our recent track record in that market. We're optimistic that we will find other opportunities, when we certainly would like to.
Tom Toomey: This is Tom, I'd add additional color that, we've done three different family groups. You've had one take OP, the other two have looked at OP transactions, decided to take the cash and pay the taxes. Commonality between them was really the law firms, the tax advisors. So, now we’ve got familiarity, as well as the framework and it's a lot easier for the professionals to go to their clients in their relationships and explain our structure, the way we close, the way we negotiate and I feel like we're going to have more success in that area, but it's patience, patience and patience that gets these deals. So, we're excited about trying to find more, but they are complicated. They take time. It's a great strategy in our view is to pursue that asset that's really an A quality location, but a B asset and bring not just the operating platform to bear, but also the potential for redevelopment. I can understand the owners and operators of these assets today. They've done a fabulous job of creating value for themselves for long periods of time. But every once in a while there's an opportunity and they want to get some liquidity and we'd like to help them in that. So, I think we'll find more.
Jeff Spector – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Thank you. That’s very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Tom, as you talked about Rivergate and some of the other acquisitions you've made so far this year clearly pushing rents 15% right off the bat is a very good start. Can you give us some sense of what you're assuming perhaps in years two and three, especially for markets like New York?
Tom Toomey: We've got a couple things going on. We generally expect over the next couple years to be able to achieve market rent increases of 10% to 12% in aggregate. But in addition to that the Rivergate property and 21 Chelsea property we also have redevelopment component and expect to be able to capitalize on that investment as well.
Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs: And what are you assuming for the returns on redevelopment?
Tom Toomey: It's an all in return on the assets. So, it's a purchase price, plus there is the money spent and you look at your total return. So, the redevelopment we're not looking at necessarily as an individual investment decision, but rather that's part of our game plan going in.
Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs: Maybe Tom just thinking big picture, is it too early to think about job growth for next year. What are your assumptions that you're baking in for 2012 at this point for job growth?
Tom Toomey: Boy it is a little early for that Jay. What I’d tell you is a lot is to watch what’s going to happen in D.C. and what’s going to get act and where. I didn’t think defense would be on the agenda, but clearly its front and center now. So, that’s changing the dynamics that I didn’t think was on the table. I think we have to wait and see, both the interest rate environment and a little bit about where these cuts and programs are going to occur as well as if there are some give and take on the tax issue. So, it’s just pre-mature. There is a lot coming out of D.C. that I think we all ought to be sensitive to and watch very closely, but I am still hopeful that small businesses take up the slack and then we get back to 2 million jobs a year, but more importantly to me is our local dynamics of our supply demand and how that plays out and not the aggregate of the U.S.
Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Rob Stevenson with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Rob Stevenson – Macquarie: Hi, good morning guys. Tom, you’ve talked in the past about your New York City strategy being mostly Manhattan’s only strategy for the time being. When you think about Boston, how far out into the burbs, are you willing to go there? I mean, it seems like that that market especially the sort of downtown Boston and such is a less deep market right now at least right now for acquisitions. Are you comfortable going stretching further into the burbs there?
Harry Alcock: Well, this is Harry. A lot of our portfolio is in the suburbs in Boston. In terms of our investment strategy going forward, our goal is to acquire for our new acquisitions to be closer into the downtown area. And you are right it is not as deeper market as some of these other downtown areas that that’s where we intend to focus the majority of our efforts going forward in Boston.
Tom Toomey: This is Tom, and I would add Rob that you probably be sign up a couple of development activities in Boston. And it’s still a great city. Long-term, it weathered the downturn enormously surprisingly very well. And so I think we’ll find a couple of development sites downside, down in the business district, if you will. We’ll see how those pan out, but we’ll get our exposure there, we’ll just be patient about how we get it.
Rob Stevenson – Macquarie: Okay. What about developing New York City? I mean, you basically bought in Southern Cal, San Francisco, D.C., and then started developing there. It sounds like buying in Boston now and thinking about developing there. At what point does this development in New York City makes sense for you guys or doesn’t?
Tom Toomey: Well, Rob, I don’t want to say, I was never, certainly at some point the lifecycle of the company and its talent face it may. Today, we are just very, very comfortable that there is a very deep pipeline of this product similar to what we have got in Rivergate, 10 Hanover, and Chelsea, where there are great properties, good locations, there is upside in what we can do tomorrow. And I think we’ll stay at that bandwidth for a while. That doesn’t mean that we don’t see a lot of development opportunities, we’re just not comfortable with that risk reward at this point and feel like there is enough opportunity in the bandwidth that’s in our strike zone to find those. And I do like the opportunity just trading with these families. They are very sophisticated, they are very capable, and there is a lot of assets that they hold and we see it as a pretty good pipeline, if you will, that not many other people are pursuing with the same intensity that we are.
Rob Stevenson – Macquarie: Okay, good. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Alexander Goldfarb with Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O'Neill: Good morning. Just sort of curious as you guys underwrite the New York deals, what you are expecting for turnover as you guys are new institutional owner versus these who are privately run from the family perspective? And sort of, how that turnover – your turnover assumptions there if they differ materially from what you typically underwrite for other acquisitions?
Jerry Davis: Alex, it’s a very good question. Generally, what we find is, is when we do a light rehab is that the residents can take the absorption and they don’t frankly move. When we do a more higher intense re-grade, we expect almost to turn 100% of the residency over. And so I think the people at Rivergate are probably over the next three years going to get enough rent increases that it will push a substantial number of amount. I think in the case of the Chelsea that they’ll probably generally stay and in 10 Hanover, we’re finding that they are taking the rent increases and not really moving. So, we weigh it as part of our overall strategy of each acquisition, each opportunity, but the higher end, the more intense work. We have generally we do try to target turning over the entire resident base. Then it’s a question of how deep the market's going to be at 4,500 to 5,000 a month, basically for 1,000 feet. We think its $50 a foot, $52 a foot in that particular location of Rivergate, but the market’s pretty deep in that price point.
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O'Neill: So sounds like the image for Chelsea and Hanover stay the same, but I guess resident perception of Rivergate is being the more affordable that will change as you guys upgrade it and run into more institutionally, it sounds like?
Jerry Davis: Absolutely.
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O'Neill: The second question for David, just want to make sure I got everything. The $1.25 to $1.30 guidance, one just wanted to know what the transaction expense in the third quarter and for the second half of the year we should model in? Then are there any other onetime items like any other gains or anything like that in there?
David Messenger: The $1.25 to $1.30, you take the acquisitions that we’re going to close on here in the third quarter. Rivergate, 21 Chelsea and then you've got another call it roughly $300 million that we have in guidance and assume between 50 basis points to 1%. At the beginning of the year, we came out with 1% of the guidance, but we've seem to trend down from that a little bit. So you can probably back off that a little bit probably $0.02 in there in terms of acquisition cost, and then the rest of the earnings is a pretty sterile I believe.
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O'Neill: So, no gains or anything like that?
David Messenger: No.
Alexander Goldfarb – Sandler O'Neill: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question is from the line of Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Hey good morning everyone. Jerry mentioned the expected job growth in 2012 and Tom you mentioned you expect the housing market to remain weak for the time being and those kinds of two comments and could be argued that they are in contrasts with one another. That is revitalize housing market is going to be a part of recovery in the jobs markets. So, I'm curious as to why you think jobs will return in 2012, if you think the housing markets going to stay weak?
Tom Toomey: Well, I'll take my shot at what I think jobs. First, I would put up the dollar is going to get weaker. I think the export that easily we'll do well in that. I think technology will continue to strengthen. Healthcare up in the air, but it's clear to me that there is just a workforce shortage in that industry. So, I think those are going to be three that will probably grow in terms of jobs. Construction, which is always been kind of the industry that led us out of recessions in the past. I think is going to be muted. That I just don't see any need for construction. So, therefore is one down. The other down is probably going to continue to be government and now it might be defense. So, that being said, it's going to be a lot about what markets you're exposed to and, where that jobs are going to take place and probably would add oil and gas to the positive side as well. Homeownership, homeownership is really, can you give me any reason yourself that you see it swinging back around. You got to stay about for a down payment. You're probably going to be face with higher interest rate, going to squeeze your mortgage payment. I just don't see people wanting to venture back into that while the economy is still maybe in a double dip, maybe trying to find its way out of this recession. So, that's how I reconcile the two, Rich.
Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then second question is you guys obviously pretty aggressive buyers of real estate key market, have been made for an interesting story to cover obviously, but you can't know for certainly that it's going to be the right call. Right I mean something could turn against you and the prospects for multifamily could this time next year maybe not as good as what we're feeling today. It could happen to say that, right. So, what are your trigger points as you're going through this aggressive or active acquisition effort that might make you say, wait, hold on, let's slow this down a little? What are some of the things you're looking for that might give you pause?
Tom Toomey: Well, Rich, I'm not trying to time out of market. What I'm looking at is the long-term aspect of staying to be out of blank sheet of paper, where do you think the best prospects are for the long-term and they are in multifamily. They are in urban settings with what I would call amenity-driven space around them being transportation parts, job centers. So, I just look at the long-term and say, that's probably the areas that are going have the most enduring quality cash flow growth prospects as well as value appreciation in our assets. My experience and history proves it's probably right, this industry generally gets in trouble mostly, when we overbuild or the housing market becomes an artificial bubble enabled by the government. So, if you take away the government enabling the housing bubble, which I can't control, then it's the function of supply. Where does supply occur? It occurs in all our markets at different times and different paces and so our theory is that, it's going to start in suburbs where land is relatively available cheap and people will build out there to kind of meet a growing demand of the long-term demand if you will. So, that's why you will see the push for us more on in urban, more affordability, and the lastly is the equation of margin. In our suburban portfolio margins are probably in the low 60s and our urban portfolio margins were probably in the high 60s, a 10% margin differential combined with a better growth rate tells me, you're going to get lot better return over long-term. In the short run, there is a lot of things that can go wrong and the old saying, when Washington's in session, nobody’s safe, is true. And I don't know what's going to come up that. It's our biggest threat to our industry over the short-term, but that being said, it seems to me that I’d rather buy today than I’d build because of that uncertainty over that time horizon. That being said, we're going to find those unique sites that are worth building on and we’ll continue to pursue that and we’ll find them with our sales. So, I tried to lay both the capital risk by seeing I will sell assets to fund my development and my high coupon debt and that I will continue to buy as long as I have a very accretive possibility with my share price and the acquisition and the growth prospects. So, that’s how we thing about capital allocation over both the short-term and long-term.
Rich Anderson – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi good morning. Just another question on the non-same store pool, I appreciate the color that you’re expecting high single digits growth there. Did you own enough assets long enough, or do you have enough data that you could talk about, maybe what the sequential growth was in revenue and the non-same store pool compared to the 1.6% you posted in the same store pool?
Jerry Davis: Karin, this is Jerry. We really don’t have that information. Now most of the properties in that non-same store pool purchased at the latest in the fourth quarter of last year or late third quarter, you’re still working through some things like concession burn off. We don’t really have true growth rates to really give meaningful data on.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Second question just relates to acquisition, I know you've funded 75% worth equity from here, drove down to at the EBITDA down to 8.5%. What percentage of acquisitions from here do you think will be funded with equity and where ultimately do you think debt to EBITDA will wind up by the end of the year?
Tom Toomey: Karin this is Tom. Funding source in the future, I still think we probably need to be doing 60% or greater in equity. I think it’s a good balance for us and a good strategy for us to lock-up acquisitions to come back to the street and say, here is what we have locked up. Here is our strategy, here is how we think we're going to manage this asset and increase its value and let the street actually see what they're investing in. So, that probably be better than 60% for time being and we will see how that goes as well as we will watch the stock price and how it respond.
David Messenger: Hey Karin, this is Dave. Regarding debt to EBITDA, assuming everything works out with respect to in the second half of the year, I would say our debt to EBITDA ends up somewhere between an 8 and 8.5.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: Thanks. Good morning. To follow-up on that home ownership penetration rate discussion, one of your peers last week compared their average home ownership penetration rate in their markets to the national average. How would you do the same?
Jerry Davis: This is Jerry. I haven’t pulled that data. I would tend to say it’s probably fairly close to the national average. When you look at markets like San Francisco, New York, Boston I’d say it's below the national average and then when you get into markets such Nashville, Florida. Texas, Phoenix, it would tend to be a little bit above, so my guess and this is just a guess is it’s probably close to the national average.
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: Thanks Jerry. And also to talk about turnover, what percentage of move-outs this quarter were due to home purchase and also to high rent and how did that trend compare year-over-year and sequentially?
Jerry Davis: Sure. Move-outs to home purchase were just under 12%. That compares to 14% last year in the second quarter and it’s up slightly from about 11% in the first quarter and I would tell you that’s just seasonal home buying more than a trend. Move-outs to rent increase were about little over 6%, that compares to about 2% last year, so it is up quite a bit, but still not a meaningful number and then first quarter was up 5%. So, it’s inched up a little. What’s interesting is when you do look at move-outs to home purchase, there is two different scenarios, one is place like San Francisco, where we have pushed move-outs to rent increase above 10% there. So, it’s above our average, but what’s great is we are able to reload quickly with people willing to pay upwards of $300 million more than what the departing resident was paying and we are able to maintain occupancy levels in that San Francisco market of above 96.5%. So, in some markets you can push. You don’t really care if they move out, because you’re going to reload high rate. Conversely, when you go to markets like Florida, you’ll push and at times we’ll see occupancy get high and will get aggressive on renewal increases and there you will find people will move out and it’s more difficult to reload quickly. And therefore as you struggle to get your occupancy back up to over 95%, you may have to reduce your rent. So, when I look at my rates on new leases in a place like San Francisco in the month of July, we were getting over 16% increases on new leases in San Francisco, which was the best in our portfolio. In Florida, that percentage was more in the 2% to 4% range. So, sometimes you don’t mind when you push people out of those high increases and sometimes it gets painful when you have to re-look through strategy of how hard you push on renewals.
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: That’s very helpful, Jerry. Thank you for that. And then just a housekeeping, yeah…
Tom Toomey: Just to add to that, because I think we’ve read through the dialog on a lot of these conference calls about people trying to look at percentage of income. I’m not so certain that metric has the same relevance and power that it did in the past. Why, because I don’t think homeownership as is appealing as it was during when lot of people were measuring that and trying to correlate this next where rents going to go to or when they’re going to top out to. I think, what Jerry pointed to is very critical, which is how much do you grow rent, how long does it take you to reload the property after pushing that rent. And that’s probably a metric that I think maybe the sell side, buy side should focus a little bit more on, because that’s the one we are very much focused on is push the rent, when we see people move out, we say, well, wait a minute, that’s okay, if we can reload in 15 days. If it takes us a month to reload, then we push too far. So, it’s a lot about where is the top in the rents. It’s the questions more of how many people does it take to resell the property and how quickly do you identify them? So, I think that plays well into both our electronic platform, which has really given us daily information on that reload in that traffic to determine if we’re getting there on the pricing point.
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: Tom, I certainly agree with you on the all of the reasons why we don’t – shouldn’t be excited about the return of homeownership. I happen to subscribe to the theory that there is a secular trend underway among the psychological approach of the next generation coming out. Do you subscribe to that theory as well or do you take issue – or do you think that once the economy straightens out and there is wage growth that homeownership will return to norm?
Tom Toomey: No, I believe that there will be. The pendulum is swinging in our favor. At some point, absent government intervention, it will slowdown and start to swing back the other way in individual market by market. What’s the right number? I think ours with the interest deductibility on the payable potentially that the true dynamic of where it settles out won’t be settled for the next couple of years. I like the fact that it’s swinging in our favor during that period of time. So, secular change depends on how your time horizon. Having two kids that are post-college graduate out there in the workplace, I listen to them, listen to their friends and they say listen homeownership ties me down, I know I’m going to have to move around to get jobs, I don’t want to be tied to a home. Plus I can’t save up the damn money, I can got to mom and dad and get it. But the truth is I’d rather have my lifestyle, the flexibility, and all the amenities that renting affords me today and they are not really inclined to see homeownership as what we saw at my generation. And Paula, you are much younger than I so, you can fill in the gap.
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: I wouldn’t bet on that, but thank you for the color. I appreciate it. And then just two housekeeping questions for Dave, what did the severance charge relate to and what is that savings that you mentioned going forward? And secondly, what were the insurance related expenses?
David Messenger: On your second question, insurance-related expenses, we had a significant fire at one of our communities in Northern Virginia, that related to the series of units that were down, because of that there was the deductible related to that fire and the severance charges, about $750,000 were related to individuals throughout our enterprise that are no longer with us and the savings will be not dollar for dollar, but will be somewhere less than that on a go-forward basis.
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Quick question, guys. You talked a little bit about near-term targets what are the long-term targets from a leverage standpoint? And in addition to that how much of the $75 million to $300 million of acquisitions you have in the guidance for the second quarter half of the year here is identified at this point?
Tom Toomey: Michael, with respect to identified targets, I can say that we probably put in $300 million in the guidance. We are probably looking at assets that are double that likelihood of closing, unclear to us. We are trading a lot of terms if you will, so many time, you are trading a lot of terms on a deal, lower probabilities securing it. Long-term capital and leverage level, I’m a big fixed guy. I really think that’s the key metric. We’re at 24 today. I’ve always been very comfortable at the 22 to 25 range. So, I am getting very comfortable where our leverage is. I know there is a debt to EBITDA orientation. We are looking at – we’re going to be in a low eight range. I look at the shape in the form of debt over that and that I've got $3.5 billion of debt at a 4.4 with a weighted average maturity of six years. So, I think we’ve got a good balance sheet, we’ve got a good shape to our debt structure, and really don’t have a desire to see it down into the sixes, if you will.
Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Then switching over to operations here for the second question, can you give an update on in terms of June and July trends in Orange County, I know Irvine Company changed the caps, they had on place there. Also curious as to the performance of Boston, you gave a great deal about New York, but I didn’t hear anything on Boston there during the second quarter in terms of your portfolio? And then Jerry if you could break out loss to lease maybe by region or a couple of your largest markets that’d be helpful as well?
Jerry Davis: Sure. I’ll start with the Orange County. Orange County did have a good second half of the second quarter and it has continued Orange County. We’ve been able to maintain our occupancy levels up north of 95%. We're setting out a renewal increases that we're setting out for August and September in Orange County are some of the highest in our company. Our average increase by the way that was setting out for the next couple months or up in the mid sixes. Orange County is in August and September, call a blended 7.5%. It's not as good as San Francisco, but it's probably up in the same ballpark with the Seattle. So, we feel pretty good about Orange County right now. Some submarkets within Orange County are strengthening more quickly and Platinum Triangle, while it's getting better still is in at the strength of the Coastal Properties. Boston, we've continued to see good results in Boston. We're sending out rent increases there north of 6%. We've maintained occupancy levels in that Boston portfolio that we have both the MetLife venture as well as the wholly-owned averages probably in the 96% to 98% range, but it's a very strong market. We don't see a whole lot of new supply that's been affecting us up in Boston.
Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: And then finally just in terms of loss lease, could you maybe break it out by few of your larger markets, just to kind of sense of where how it's trending, just specifically, do you see maybe versus the West Coast?
David Messenger: Sure. In June, the total loss lease was a little over 6%. San Francisco was pushing 12%. Austin was at about 12%. LA, Orange County were both in 7% to 8%. If you get back to D.C., D.C. is actually about 4.5%. Everything else, I would tell you is roughly it's bundled up close to the 4% to 5%. It's probably the Florida stuff is a little at the low end down in the threes also.
Michael Salinsky – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
David Messenger: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question is from the line of Jeff Donnelly with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo: Hey guys, just a question or two. Tom, the GSEs had floated the idea of renting single-family homes that’s really pressure on housing markets and we can debate whether we actually saw anything or not. I'm just curious, do you think that's possible for a private enterprise not necessarily UDR to profitably manage single family home rental business in the scale or even for the government do to without losing money?
Tom Toomey: Yes, it’s interesting, because I had three people in my office for the last two weeks, they were asking about what systems they thought would be needed to be able to secure that and that they were actually putting together companies to make debts on that effort, if it were to come to fruition. And listening to the dynamics of it, they were going to tap realtors as kind of their leasing agents and pay them a commission. So, it seemed to me that an efficient structure could be put in place to manage that I didn't think it was high return business, it looked to me like their margins were somewhere between 15% and 20%. So I don’t think that’s a great use of capital manpower. But it seems to me that there could be a market that would be efficient and effective in that and an opportunity for some entrepreneurs to jump in it. Though can it happen? Certainly, if the government puts its will and heart behind it, how much business you want to do with the government it always is cautious statement in my mind. Is it a much of a threat to us? Looking over kind of what their business plans were and the identified product, I didn’t see it as any much of a threat to us in terms of our portfolio or our business model. So, if it helps the housing market strengthen, helps the overall account, the economy, I probable before it, if all things would be an equal.
Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo: And just a follow-up maybe from earlier questions, so what do you think about your purchases in New York as well as the assets involved and the exchange with Avalon, where your initial cap rate was when you bought them and maybe where you think that can go? Now that you’ve had more time with these assets, are you able to maybe put a finer point on as to say, for example you see 100 basis points of upside in your yield and that split, what between I’ll call it better revenue management versus better expense controls, really that latter piece I'm more interested in where you kind of see the source of your upside?
Tom Toomey: I think in New York, the vast majority of the improvements on the revenue management side of the equation. That the cost structures that we would say probably get eaten up by the higher tax equation, but it’s probably leaning 80% towards the revenue side of the equation in the Manhattan stuff. The other stuff we bought in D.C. I would think it’s a combination, Boston, probably more 50/50 revenue and expenses. They are not poorly run real estate. It's probably just not optimized and not responsive to the resident.
Jeff Donnelly – Wells Fargo: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question is from the line of Seth Laughlin with ISI Group.
Seth Laughlin – ISI Group: Thanks. Just given that your exposing assets in the more suburban markets and obviously looking in the higher barrier markets to acquire. I'm wondering if you just comment on the cap rate spread, how that spread has changed over the last 12 months and maybe where you see that spread going forward over the next year going?
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey, I'll ask Harry to comment further. My view of cap rates on the B product suburban is always a function of the debt and so, with debt being if nothing else coming down, I would literally drop my jaw to see a five-year piece of paper at 3.5 isle only and to look at that paper and say guys suburban, you should be talking about five caps. They are saying think six. We'll see what we can do and maybe we'll get better. So, I contrast that where I look at the urban portfolios, where it's a lot more competitive and we're seeing, basically its turn to four cap markets. Does it have much room to fall from there? I don't have any idea about, where cap rates are headed, but I know the urban is not as right sensitive as in the past. So, that's kind of some color. If I think about interest rates in the future, maybe the base rate phased down low like it is, but my sense is given what's going on in Washington, spreads are going to have to widen and I think that's going to have a more direct impact on the pricing of the B and suburban portfolios than it is the urban orientation, which have more institutional less levered players trying to pursue it. That's been my experience and I would probably think it's going to continue to repeat itself in this part of cycle. Any other comments on cap rates?
Harry Alcock: I don't think. So, they'll clearly come down in all product types, the A stuff, as well as the B product that we're going to be selling. Remember a lot of what we're buying and have been buying particularly in New York City, is that a rehab component. So, in addition to getting some market growth we're going to get a return on our invested dollars as well.
Seth Laughlin – ISI Group: Understood. Then maybe just a quick follow-up for Jerry, it looks like from your comments Orange County, it's firming up. Is it your expectation that we could see revenue growth above the portfolio average sometime this year or do you think we have to wait till 2012 for that?
Jerry Davis: I think you’re probably looking at 2012.
Seth Laughlin – ISI Group: Understood, thanks for the comment.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Derek Bower with UBS. Please go ahead.
Derek Bower – UBS: Thanks. Most of my questions already been answered, but two quick ones hopefully. On the future Manhattan deals, are you only looking at off marketed deals, where there may be some operating inefficiencies that you can exploit to help reduce your returns, or are you also looking at assets, which are more well leased with rents in line with the market average?
Tom Toomey: Well, we're looking at the deals that are in the market as well as the off-market transactions. The properties that we've acquired, the three properties happened to be from three families and we believe, we've realized the capitalized and the operational inefficiencies in those properties. So, at the end of the day perhaps those are the deals that are just easiest for us to get done, to get across the finish line rather than competing with everyone on the market that deals. But we're looking in all of them.
Derek Bower – UBS: Okay, got it. And then quickly just back to D.C, can you discuss your overall acquisition strategy there going forward and maybe touch upon the View 14 acquisition you had there and given your commentary of expecting D.C. to no longer being a top market for your portfolio starting in 2012?
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. With respect D.C. in 14 View, the benefit out of 14 View is that we're developing a community right across the street from it. So, truly it was an auction. We have been quoting the seller for a better part of three years, knowing that we were under development and thought that it would make a great complement. It’s in the union area, which is very trendy and upbeat. So, that was an auction that frankly we thought was worth stepping to the top of the list and winning, because of the synergies that we could run the two of them together and achieve some better returns out of that. On a go-forward basis, I always like the strategy of – in D.C. of buying what I call the old towers of buildings that are 8 to 15 and rehabbing them. We think that the rehabs give us a chance to create value and that the suburban portfolio in D.C. is just trade in capital over time and we will trade out of that, but no particular hurry, we like the exposure, but that would be how we probably shape D.C. in the future.
Derek Bower – UBS: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Swaroop Yalla with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley: Yes, hi. Actually, just to touch upon expenses, some of your peers have reported strong expense controls and so have you this quarter. Just wondering if you see any opportunities to control expenses maybe other tax deals later this year?
Tom Toomey: We definitely are hopeful that we’ll win some tax for later this year. We are comparing against favorable taxes last year and the second half of the year, so it’s hard to determine if that’s going to come. On other expense control items, I would tell you when you look back over the last three to five years, we’ve been really pushing electronic initiatives to make our advertising more efficient and less expensive as well as the workforce in our site offices. So, we’ve reaped a lot of that benefits historically and we continue to lead the way and look for additional ways to really drive down expenses going forward. We are cognizant though that you need to continue to maintain your assets at a high level if you want to command premium rates and occupancy. So, we are not going to make a short-term decision just to drive expenses down this year.
Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley: Got it. And Tom, I hear your comments on rental income as metric, which is changing as the rental psychology is changing as well, but just curious as you have repositioned your portfolio, how has the rent to household income changed as you have moved between your markets?
Jerry Davis: This is actually Jerry. It’s really stayed the same for the last two to three years. It’s about 17%. And it will be a little higher in some markets, a little lower in others, but it’s been fairly consistent the last couple of years.
Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley: Great. And is the long run average around the same as well or?
Jerry Davis: I think, longer term when you go back a few more years it was probably in the low 20s and now it’s in that, again, the 17% to 18% range. What we have seen as our average renters’ income has gone up about 4% in the last year and sometimes that’s the guy that was living there last year got a 4% raise, but more often I think we are trading now departing residents with higher income, higher grade residents.
Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley: Great. That’s very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Tom Toomey – President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you all of you for the time today and we look forward to another second half of the year, hopefully, as busy as the first half, but we do like our business. We like its long-term prospects and continue to believe it's a great time to grow our enterprise and all the momentum in the industry seems to be very positive, so look forward to talking to you more in the future. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the UDR 2011 second quarter earnings conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of today’s conference, please dial 1-800-406-7325 or 303-590-3030 with the access code of 4453360. ACT would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Cantor – Investor Relations Tom Toomey – President and CEO David Messenger – SVP and CFO Jerry Davis – SVP, Property Operations Mark Wallis – Senior EVP Warren Troupe – Senior EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: David Toti – Citigroup Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer Michael Levy – Macquarie Michelle Ko – Bank of America Dave Bragg – ISI Group Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan Dustin Pizzo – UBS Ross Nussbaum – UBS Rob Stevenson – Fox-Pitt Kelton Karin Ford – KeyBanc Michael Salinsky – Royal Bank of Canada Capital Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird Steve Sakwa – ISI Group Mike Liddell [ph] – AIG Andrew McCulloch – Green Street Advisors Jordan Sherman [ph] – Parental Real Estate Jon Litt – Citigroup Michael Bilerman – Citigroup
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the UDR third quarter earnings conference call. During today’s presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. (Operator instructions) This conference is being recorded, Monday, October 19th of 2009. I would now turn the conference to our host, Tom Toomey, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrew Cantor: Thank you for joining us for UDR’s third quarter financial results conference call. Our third quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed earlier today and posted to our website, www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. I would like to note that statements made during this call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in this evening’s press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. When we get to the question-and-answer portion, we ask that you be respectful of everyone's time and limit your questions and follow-up. Management will be available after the call for your questions that did not get answered on the call. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Andrew. And good evening to everyone. Welcome to UDR’s third quarter conference call. With me today are Jerry Davis, Senior Vice President of Operations; David Messenger, Chief Financial Officer, who will discuss our results; as well as our Senior Executive Vice Presidents, Mark Wallis and Warren Troupe, who will be available to answer questions during Q&A. After the market closed today, UDR announced that it achieved core FFO per share of $0.31 compared to $0.30 last year. This quarter’s FFO results were impacted by two items. One, a $0.10 charge related to non-cash equity loss on the company’s investment in a development joint venture and a $0.02 charge associated with our bond tender. Including these amounts, our reported FFO per share is $0.19. During the quarter, we engaged in a number of capital market activities. In September, we completed a bond tender. The tender was at a 10% premium, but was the right decision, as we realized interest savings over the long-term and were able to modify our bond covenants. Furthermore, in mid-September we initiated at-the-market stock issuance program where we sold roughly 2.3 million shares at an average price of $14.89. In addition to our efforts to lower our interest expense via our bond tender and to raise our equity opportunistically through the ATM program, UDR secured a 10-year $200 million facility with Fannie Mae at a weighted average interest rate of 5.28% and entered into a $450 million acquisition joint venture with Kuwait Finance House. These activities will be discussed in detail during Dave’s remarks. These activities further illustrate that the market’s willingness to provide strong multi-family operating platforms like UDR with capital necessary to fortify its existing balance sheet and capital to take advantage of anticipated acquisition opportunities. From an operating perspective, as we have discussed in the prior calls, the economy certainly remains challenging due to the continued job loss and increasingly tough comparables in the field. However, we remain encouraged by how effective we have been executing despite these headwinds. To that end, in the quarter, we limited our same store NOI decline to 3.7% on a year-over-year basis and 1% through September 30th and continue to maintain occupancies above 95%. We have been communicating throughout this year that rental growth will be allusive in the near-term as we go through a bottoming process. But the scarcity of new product to compete with in most of our markets and the minimal vacancy in our portfolio should allow us to push rental rates when the job market recovers. While we expect some markets to continue to moderate, such as our Southern California where we are generating 27% of our same store NOI, we are seeing a slowing in rental rate declines on a sequential basis in other markets, specifically Washington DC and Florida where we generate almost 50% of our same store NOI. And as we look for sequential rental rate increases across several of our markets perhaps as second half of 2010. Jerry and his team have done a great job of managing the trade-off of occupancy, rents, turnover and resident quality in the field, and he will continue to provide more color on these trends in the individual markets during his remarks. Recently, there have been some high profile deals going to contract that illustrate the disconnect between private market values and those of the public markets. One particular deal in the DC beltway comes to mind. There are over 30 bidders for this asset at a reported cap rate in the low fives. This high level of participation on the anniversary of the financial markets dislocation shows just how far the pendulum has swung from the irrational despair of 2008. Institutional investors are showing an appetite that has returned particularly for properties located in strong employment markets with high barriers to entry. While this is just one market and one single asset, the story is the same across many markets and many deals and should provide a reference point or baseline on how valuations in the private market for institutional quality assets relate to those in the public markets. With that, we’ve got a good amount of ground to cover. I’ll pass the call over to Dave to discuss our financial results.
David Messenger: Thanks, Tom. My comments today will focus on the third quarter results, the steps we’ve taken to further improve our capital position, and our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2009. Earlier this evening, we reported $0.19 of FFO, which consists of $0.31 from our core operations, a $0.02 charge associated with our tender offer, and a $0.10 charge related to a loss on an equity investment. We have excluded the $0.01 effect related to the convertible debt accounting. Our core FFO $0.31 compares to $0.30 last year. Jerry will provide detail on our operating results in a moment. During the quarter, we recorded a non-cash charge of $16 million or $0.10 per diluted share on an equity investment in two of our unconsolidated Seattle-based joint ventures. One of the ventures is completing development of elements of a 274-unit property located in Bellevue, Washington. The other joint venture was originally established to develop a retail site also located in Bellevue, Washington. However, during the first quarter, the joint venture decided to delay that construction. UDR does not have any other joint ventures involved in the development of multi-family communities. This charge was a result of recent discussions to change the capital structure of the joint venture such that UDR would become the general partner. Although a definitive agreement has not been reached, nor can be assured of being reached in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, our investment must be recorded at fair-market value. And if that fair-market value is less than our historical cost basis, then a loss must be recognized. Regarding capital activity, the third quarter was an active one as we took a number of positive steps with regard to our capital position. We improved the term and cost of our debt, implemented an opportunistic equity offering program, and secured a new line of credit and announced our venture with Kuwait Finance House. Our Q3 share count increased, as we raised $33.7 million from the sale of 2.3 million shares at a weighted average price of $14.89 under our at-the-market equity offering program. As of September 30, we had in excess of $1 billion of cash and credit capacity, which will more than meet our maturity and development needs through 2001. This capacity allows us to manage our capital plan opportunistically and efficiently. We maintained our fixed charge and interest coverage ratios in excess of 2.0 times after factoring for non-recurring items. During the quarter, we completed a tender offer for our 8.5% debentures that mature in 2024. We were able to retire 70.3% of the debentures outstanding for $35.7 million and incurred a charge of $3.7 million or $0.02, representing the premium and transaction costs. The retirement of this debt will result in savings of $15 million to $17 million in future interest payments. We closed on a construction loan for Vitruvian Park Phase 1 with an interest rate of 5.3% and a maturity of four years inclusive of the one-year extension. Upon closing of this loan, no further financing is required to complete our development pipeline. Also during the third quarter, we closed on a new 10-year $200 million secured facility with Fannie Mae at an all-in rate of 5.28%. The proceeds of the second draw will be used to prepay substantially all of our 2010 secured debt maturities. In August, we announced that UDR has established a joint venture with Kuwait Finance House. The total amount of the venture is $450 million with an equity contribution from the partners of $180 million. UDR’s maximum equity contribution will be 30% or $54 million. The venture’s target markets are key high-barrier markets and products similar to what UDR owns today. Finally, with one quarter remaining in fiscal 2009, we are updating our guidance. Our FFO guidance range is now $1.14 to $1.20 per diluted share compared to the prior range of $1.23 to $1.35. This change reflects the $0.10 charge we recorded this quarter and our expectation that our property operations will continue the trend of the first three quarters. The detailed walkover of our guidance is included in our press release. Now I will turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis: Thanks, Dave. Good afternoon, everyone. In the third quarter, our NOI decreased by 3.7%, as revenues fell 3% and were offset by a decrease in expenses of 1.6%. Our operating teams continue to execute our strategy of maintaining the occupancy, reducing resident turnover, driving the operating expenses down, and automating the way we do business. It appears that job losses are slowing in our markets though we have not yet begun to see any meaningful hiring. It is unlikely that we will see much of a change in operating results until we see jobs. Our effectives rates were 4.1% lower in 3Q ’09 compared to 3Q ’08 and down 1.6% to the second quarter. We have continued to see new leases reprice at lower rates, but the rate of decline is slow since the first of the year. This gives us hope that we are approaching a bottom in many of our markets, but we have little visibility on how long that bottom could last. Rental rates on new leases that were signed in the third quarter of 2009 were 6.8% lower than what the prior resident was paying, while renewing residents averaged decreases of 0.8%. These amounts vary throughout our 21 markets, with California, Phoenix, Orlando and Seattle, experiencing the largest rate declines on new leases. As expected, our DC, Baltimore and Mid-Atlantic markets experienced the lowest rental rate drops on new leases. Our strategy in 2009 has been to drive occupancy during prime leasing season in anticipation of the winter seasonal downturn. We have met our plan as same community occupancy increased 60 basis points to 95.6% from 95.0% last year. During the third quarter, all 21 of our markets had occupancy rates over 94%. Because of the continued expansion of our technology platform, superior locations, the quality of our real estate and our focus on customer service, we have been successful in maintaining occupancy levels that have averaged 95.4% over the first nine months of this year. We are confident that we can sustain this level of occupancy through the remainder of 2009. In fact, just this past weekend, our occupancy rate was 95.5%. To be at this high occupancy level in the seasonally slow fourth quarter will drive higher revenue this year and also allow us to raise rents when the economy turns around. Our annualized turnover rate for 3Q ’09 was 69%. That was slightly better than the 70% we reported in 3Q ’08. Year-to-date turnover is 60%, which is flat with last year. Move-outs for home purchase continued to be very low in most of our markets. During the quarter, only 14% of our departing residents left to purchase a home. This compares to 13% last year and also 13% in 2Q ’09. Markets with high home prices, such as Orange County, San Francisco, San Diego, Monterey and LA, all had move-out rates for home purchase of 10%. These markets represent almost 40% of our same-store NOI. Now turning to expenses for the quarter. Total expenses were down 1.6% for the quarter compared to the same quarter last year. Real estate taxes increased 3.2%. Utilities were down 3.4%, as increases in water expense were offset by lower natural gas prices and lower electricity expense. We continue to renegotiate pricing with the vendors that service our properties. These efforts have helped to drive down repairs and maintenance expense during the quarter by 4%. This includes the reduction in turnover expenses of 21%. Personnel costs were flat, as we have been able to realize some staffing benefits as a result of automating the way we conduct our business. Direct personnel cost -- personnel costs were down 2%. However, they were offset by slightly higher associate health care costs. Over the last several years, we have working to automate our business. Our first priority was to increase our Internet marketing to drive more and more perspective renters to our website. This has resulted in over 64% of our third quarter move-ins originating through an Internet source. This is up from 53% last year and from 62% in the second quarter of ’09. Additionally, for the first nine months of 2009, we have experienced an increase in traffic to our website, udr.com, of 41% year-over-year. Driving more traffic through Internet sources, including mobile devices and multiple language sites, has been beneficial not only in maintaining our occupancy but also in decreasing our administrative and marketing costs, which were down 7% compared to the third quarter of last year. In the past year, we have been moving toward giving our residents what they want; 24/7 access to us and self-service. At the beginning of this year, we rolled out a resident Internet portal that allows them to electronically communicate with us as well as pay their rent online by ACH. Just nine months into the program, almost 80% of our residents are signed up to use the portal to conduct business with us electronically, and over 53% of our residents paid their rent by ACH in September. Additionally, during September, 26% of resident service requests were submitted through the portal. This enables our customers to submit a service request 24 hours a day, seven days a week with a detailed information they give us going directly into our system and automatically put into the queue to be completed, enabling us to get to the service request faster and fix the problem more quickly. This eliminates administrative work for our site teams, while giving our customers what they want. Now turning to our redevelopment and development progress. If you refer to attachment nine in our earnings supplement, you will see that we completed the redevelopment of seven communities, containing just over 2,100 apartment homes. These properties have leased occupancies between 95% and 98% and are performing in line with our pro formas. We have also completed eight developments containing almost 2,000 homes. Lease-up velocity has been very strong at these properties. In fact, leased occupancy at these properties ranged from 91% to 100%. As our development and redevelopment assets reach stabilization along with our recent acquisitions, our reliance on California and, in particular, Orange County will begin to diminish, and our metro DC market will gain prominence in our portfolio. Consequently, DC will become our second largest market and will account for 12% of our NOI. This also means that while Orange County will still be our largest market, it will represent only 13% of NOI, down from 16% today. In closing, these have been and will continue to be challenging times in the field. But with our use of technology, our commitment to our customers, and our focus on having our assets located in the best markets, we should continue to drive cash flow and emerge stronger. I’d like to thank all of my fellow UDR associates for executing our game plan and continuing to bring in industry-leading results. With that, I’ll turn it back to you, Tom.
Tom Toomey: Thank you, Jerry. And operator, I think now we’re prepared for the Q&A part of the call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of David Toti with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
David Toti – Citigroup: Thanks. Tom, is it possible -- or Dave, can you walk us through some of the components of your guidance change? It looks like it is suggesting a stronger underlying NOI performance than you originally projected. Or is there some component that I’m missing, given the sort of percentage of the reduction?
David Messenger: David, this is Dave Messenger. Regarding the guidance, essentially what we do is you take the midpoint from the original guidance, which is $1.29 and you take up $0.10 for the charge and $0.02 for the additional debt tender that we hadn’t contemplated during the year. That gets you down to $1.17, which is the midpoint of the new range. And then we tightened the low and high end of the ranges, which is a combination of several items. One, we continue to reverse inquiries to purchase our debt. But we find the pricing unattractive, so we think there is little opportunity left in that well. We have also chosen to reset some of our maturities during the last couple quarters at higher interest rates than what they were previously. We are considering the equity that we issued during the quarter as part of the ATM program. And we are expecting our operations trends to continue the way they have in the first nine months of the year.
David Toti – Citigroup: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up, are you -- are you comfortable with the sustainability of your expense reduction rate? Or is that something that has a finite life?
Jerry Davis: Hey, this is Jerry. I think it’s sustainable. We won’t be negative forever obviously the way we have been for the first nine months. But we haven’t been deferring work. We think we are going to be able to continue to whittle away at expenses throughout the foreseeable future. We continue to negotiate contracts with vendors, and we continue to automate our -- the way we do business with technology, which I think is going to yield future benefits. So I don’t think we’re going to see a blow-up, but staying negative long-term just isn’t possible.
David Toti – Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Swaroop Yalla with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley: Yes, hi. Good afternoon, guys. My question is about the JV you have at KFH. What kind of competition are you expecting for the assets, which you will be targeting? What kind of bids you are expecting? And also if you are anticipating any distressed properties to come through and which you will be able to take advantage of?
Mark Wallis: This is Mark Wallis. I think what we’ve seen so far is, there has been quite a few buyers in the market for high-quality assets and assets in these higher barrier-to-entry markets. We continue to look at a lot of deals, and we’re going to -- we obviously have some criteria that we’re going to stick by. At this point, we think we will be able to make some acquisitions. But I think what we’ve learned so far is that cap rates are lower than probably when we first started talking about this months ago, which I think everyone would agree with that they are seeing the marketplace too. So a lot of it depends on finding the right asset that matches your criteria portfolio. We are seeing a fair amount of deals to look at, and I think we have an advantage on larger deals. So we are just going to keep shopping and keep looking, and go from there. Tom, do you want to add something to that?
Tom Toomey: Yes. This is Toomey. I’d add, the distress, as you specifically stated, requires the fact that you don’t have anybody to show up at a table to buy or that you have a limited number of buyers. And as I noted in my earlier comments, you see one asset come to the market and there is 30-plus people that are showing up to bid for that asset, all in a tight range and most of them not with financial contingency. So we are seeing that similar type of event across many markets. And so I’m not saying that there won’t be distress. Right now, we do not see any in the marketplace.
Swaroop Yalla – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys, good afternoon. Tom, just a comment. I guess in the press release you mentioned for development, most of the deliveries being delivered next year in 2010 expecting improving market conditions. Can you clarify a little bit? Are you still expecting that the gap between new rents versus existing will just be that gap continues to narrow or do you think you’ll actually start to see some pricing power again?
Tom Toomey: Well, I think a couple of things, then I’ll ask Jerry -- add Jerry to -- in some of our markets that the developments are being delivered, say, for example, the DC corridor and Texas corridor of rents seem to have bottomed and be strengthening. And so; we’ll probably see stronger rents next year in those markets as those development activities get delivered. In the case of properties of Phoenix, it’s still sliding down, but not at a greater rate than it was at the beginning of the year. Is that a fair summary, Jerry?
Jerry Davis: Yes, I would agree with that. Just to add on, if you look at our DC rents -- when you look at the new leases we signed in the third quarter compared to what the prior residents was paying, certainly down 3.5%. That’s been sliding down each quarter throughout this year. So we do feel like DC is going to be a market that continues to do well and the same thing is true for our Dallas product.
Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs: And I guess, given the cap rates you talked about, sub 5% or 5% range for certainly best-in-class assets, are you starting to look at development yields? And I guess, give us a sense of where yields would be today for starts.
Mark Wallis: This is Mark Wallis. I mean, traditionally what you look for on development yields is obviously a premium of what the cap rates are. The cap rates getting in the 5s and sometimes low 5s, obviously when you get to a range of, say, 150 basis points over, 6.5%, in that range in some of these markets, take a DC market with your expected rent growth as the markets recover, start to make sense. Historically, what we’ve seen, the cap rate spread or development versus an acquisition, it’s probably tighter in the DC market, in California. If you get to markets like Texas market, for example, probably that basis point spread is 25 basis points more. But with the cost of debt and the way things are looking as far as ultimately a recovery, I think we see that median of a 150 basis point spread as being where it is today. Given -- qualify that a coastal market may shade a little bit differently from a sunbelt market.
Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs: I’m sorry, just to clarify, did you mention that the cap rates were -- those were US institutional buyers or you seeing foreign capital given the weak dollar?
Mark Wallis: US institutional buyers.
Jay Habermann – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer: Good afternoon. Just adding on to the KFH joint venture, Tom, what IRRs are you guys targeting in that fund, or that JV?
Warren Troupe: This is Warren. We are looking at a 7%.
David Messenger: Our IRRs are looking more like a 12.
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer: Okay. And then in terms of the markets that you’re looking at, I mean, are they focused mainly on -- you were saying high barrier. I mean, do you consider high barrier in this market to be DC, New York, or is it the West Coast looking like you might get some opportunities given either distress or sellers that may be financially distressed?
Warren Troupe: I think we agree DC, New York and the West Coast, particularly San Francisco would be considered in that area. And we’re also looking at Southern California. And there may be up -- we would go up the West Coast to Seattle at some point, but those would highlight where our focus has been.
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer: Okay. And then, Tom, you had mentioned in an interview a couple of weeks ago that you might have something close by the end of the year. Is that still your anticipation or has pricing not moved enough for you to make a move in making a deal?
Tom Toomey: I think we are in tight on a number of properties that we are bidding on. And while nothing is certain to get across the goal line, we will see how the chips fall, that we feel pretty confident that we will be able to get this money out over the next couple year period and find activities, rather it’s between now and the end of the year and shortly thereafter. I’m not overly worried about the long-term yields that we’re going to get out of this deal and our promote [ph].
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer: Okay. And then lastly, I’m just wondering what you think the impact might be if Congress continues the homeownership credit in terms of -- it seemed like homeownership move-outs, homeownership ticked up about 1%. I mean, would you expect that to move up, given some of the recent axiometric [ph] data, which showed that the costs or the spread between renting and owning had compressed through the third quarter?
Tom Toomey: I think Jerry highlighted in his earlier comments that homeownership in our portfolio -- in this reconstituted portfolio, move-outs have been extremely low at 10% in our high barrier markets and 13% in Florida and Texas markets. So I don’t think we are feeling the impact of that 8,000. I don’t think it makes people psychology of running out to buy a home any comfortable now, and you combine the 8,000 credit with even record low mortgage rates that seems like housing doesn’t appear to be much of a threat to this portfolio at this time.
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Levy with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Michael Levy – Macquarie: Hey, good evening. I know it’s early on, but can you please discuss the delta on effective rent since maybe the end of the summer leasing season, maybe the end of August? Also, are there any markets in which effective rents have been improving since then? I’m trying to get a sense of, now that the demand may have dried up a little bit, where rents have headed.
Jerry Davis: Sure, Mike. This is Jerry Davis. They really haven’t dropped much. Most of our markets have remained firm. When you look at our occupancy at 95.5% as of today, we’ve been able to stay forward out really seeing a decline in our market rents. And when you look at our gain to lease we have on our rents, and compare June to September, it’s actually the gain has gone from about 2.5% in June to a little less than 1% now. So we are actually seeing most markets stabilize. The exception would be some of the Southern California markets. Orange County and San Diego have probably trended down a little. Our Mid-Atlantic markets have strengthened. San Francisco’s remained stable. We’ve done surprisingly well up in Seattle where the rents have gotten -- they have been fairly stable, but when you look at the decline from last year, that shrank a little. And Florida has been pretty stable for the last three to four months.
Michael Levy – Macquarie: Thank you very much. If I can just ask a follow-up question unrelatedly, I know Tom's example of the asset being sold in DC with the low five handle was meant for illustrative purposes, but with assets being sold at levels that seem somewhat aggressive, I guess maybe to me, would the company consider disposing of assets to take advantage of the flood of bidders that seem to have entered the market?
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. We sold the $1.7 billion portfolio earlier this year. And in that effort, we made a conscious -- to try to clean out this portfolio, if you will, at that time. I don’t see any point now in what we would be selling and redeploying the funds as a very accretive to NAV-type situation. So I think we are on the sideline for selling assets at this point in time. We will evaluate it probably in the next year when we get more clarity on NOIs and what we would do with the proceeds. I’m pretty comfortable where we are at right now on this portfolio. I’d ask Jerry to comment a little bit about the occupancy and the rent.
Jerry Davis: I think you have to realize that we are making a conscious effort to run our occupancy up as high as possible in the 95-plus range to give us, if you will, a little bit of gliding room through the fourth and early part of next year when traffic is very slow. And what we're hopeful is an improving job market and a higher occupancy gives us a chance, if you will, to go to guns and rent increases earlier. And that was a conscious debt on our part. And I think we’re going to -- it's going to pay off.
Michael Levy – Macquarie: Well, I certainly hope so. I guess I would just ask after hearing that, what sort of efforts were being made to -- I mean, it sounded like the turnover was basically the same as it was the previous third quarter on an annualized basis, which I guess given that you seem to be working pretty hard to keep existing tenants. I guess I was a bit surprised that it was not a more material improvement. Is there any -- is there any way that I should be looking at that or is it just a function of the summer trends [ph] and the high natural turnover in the portfolio?
Jerry Davis: There is a little bit of that, but the other thing that’s affected us when you compare this year over last year’s move-outs related to money problems, whether it’s skips evictions or people just moving out or losing their jobs, has gone up 4% to 5% year-over-year. The people that can afford to stay, they really don’t want to move. And I think they are seeing the customer service efforts that we’ve been giving them as well as allowing them to do business more automated with us, has helped keep it flat, especially when you do look at that increase in the money issues that people have. And you’re seeing that more, again, out in the West Coast than you are the other parts of the country.
Michael Levy – Macquarie: Okay, that’s really helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michelle Ko with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Michelle Ko – Bank of America: Hi. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the wide gap, the spread between the new leases and the renewal rates. It seems like you’ve done a good job in terms of sustaining the wide spread. I was just wondering if you thought that would narrow over the next six to nine months with the renewals rolling down, and in those weaker quarters, in the 4Q and 1Q, the seasonally weaker quarters, if we might see more roll-down then.
Tom Toomey: I think you will see that spread between new leases and renewals compress. This quarter, we were at 6.8% down on new leases and our renewals were down 0.8%. I think what you’re going to see over the next six months is the spread on new leases to the expiring lease continue to go down. Especially as we get more pricing power in the Mid-Atlantic markets, it does feel like some of the West Coast markets have stabilized. They are not growing larger. I think you’re going to see that continue to come down. And I can tell you, right now, we are not -- we are making a conscious effort not to push anybody out because of the rent increase. We are consciously monitoring that. We are not going to get aggressive on the rent increases till we get more comfortable that we can reload that exiting resident with somebody who is going to pay higher. So I think you are going to see that spread, which today is about 6% tight.
Michelle Ko – Bank of America: Okay, great. Also I was wondering if you could give us a little more color on the JV write-downs and how much in percentage terms were actually written down. And do you think there could be more write-downs related to some of the other JVs?
David Messenger: Michelle, this is Dave. In terms of our JVs, we assess these every quarter. These are the only two that we felt were indicative of a write-down to what’s essentially a lower cost or fair-market value of the accounting rules. They are also the only two assets that we have that include non-stabilized or development properties. So we felt that at the end of the quarter, the balance of our JV investments, which are small to the balance sheet as a whole, were accurately stated under GAAP. Did that answer all of your questions?
Michelle Ko – Bank of America: Yes, thank you.
Tom Toomey: I think, Michelle, you need to also remind -- this is Toomey. The value that we wrote them down to were appraisals furnished to us by a bank as they were looking at the loans. And so they may not be indicative of what the ultimate value of the real estate is. It’s just marked to what you have to do in an equity accounting treatment is the fair market value, and our auditors have determined fair market value at this time as the appraisal process. And as a result, I think if you talk to any other real estate person, you’d find that appraisals are probably not a very good indication of long-term value of the real estate. They are indicative of kind of stressed banking situations, stressed NOIs, and what assets would have to be sold for today. But I think the accounting rules take precedence over everything, and as a result, we use the appraisals to evaluate those.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our next question comes from Dave Bragg with ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Dave Bragg – ISI Group: Hi, good afternoon. I think one market we didn’t really cover yet is Texas. I know it’s not a big part of the same store pool, Jerry, but could you talk about operations there and how they have trended over the past few months?
Jerry Davis: Yes. We operate in three markets in Texas, Dave; Dallas, Houston, and Austin. Dallas has -- the job markets held up fairly well. They have lost 61,000 jobs this year, but overall what’s affected Dallas most is the new supply that’s come on line. And in the fourth quarter, another 8,500 units are set to come on line. So we are in for a fight there. A lot of the new product also is coming in from the Plano area, as well as uptown and downtown. So it will be competitive for our properties there because that’s also where we’re located. Our rents fall in about 4% on the new leases in Dallas. And rents in Dallas overall, when you talk to the economists, have fallen 4% year-over-year. Right now, we are not seeing any real job losses in the foreseeable future, but you do have the supply that’s always going to be an issue in Dallas. Houston -- Houston, at the beginning of the year, was probably our best market when you look at new rents versus expiring rents. I think in the first quarter we actually had increases. By the third quarter, we were down 7.3%. So Houston has really done a U-turn on us. Over the last year, they have lost about 95,000 jobs. There is a not a whole lot of new supply coming on line about 3,200 units. But unfortunately, there is quite a bit -- somewhere in the 15,000-plus units that are still in lease-up, and lease-ups are taking longer in Houston. And as you’re probably aware, what’s affected Houston, there has been a little bit of job loss. I mean, there has been job loss, but there's also been all the people that's moved in from hurricane Ike. Their homes have been repaired and they have moved back. So Houston has gone dramatically worse in the last nine months. And moving on to Austin, Austin continues to be a market that is over-supplied. We saw new leases repricing at 7.6% below what the exiting resident was paying. Austin, we still believe in it long-term. It’s going to be one of the premier markets in the country over the next two to three years, but it’s going to have to just make its way through all the supply that’s come on and could continue to come.
Dave Bragg – ISI Group: Okay. So, just assuming you get the same level of job growth throughout the portfolio, it sounds to me as though you’d be more concerned about these markets going forward -- over the next 12 months, assuming no job growth.
Jerry Davis: Well, I think you’re going to have the supply issues, which are much higher than you could see around the rest of the country. I think Dallas, Houston and Austin over the foreseeable future probably will have job growth that’s a little better than the rest of the country. But they are going to continue to have supply issues like they always have.
Dave Bragg – ISI Group: Got it, okay. One other question. Could you just talk about the -- your efforts to generate other income at the property level? Just from visiting properties, I’ve seen a couple of things, including TVs, closet systems. I'm not sure if you're doing valet waste or something similar to that. Can you talk about just the broader efforts and what sort of penetration do we have across the whole portfolio?
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. We have always evaluated each individual assets in the market on its merits and tried to find opportunities where we could inject a better quality product and get a better return for our investment. What we are finding today is that many of those programs that residents are not receptive to those rent increases, and you’ll find that we’ve curtailed a great number of them where it does have some tractions, probably the DC marketplace, couple of our particular properties in Southern California and Northern California. So the program hasn’t been put forth with the same kind of energy we’ve had in the past because not a prudent use of capital and not a prudent return. The good news, I think, when the economy kicks back up, we’ll be able to go back to guns on those and do well at them.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Thank you. I want to tie together your core guidance from the last quarter and just the guidance for the year. So you had negative 3% to negative 5% same store, and it would seem that to kind of even be in that range, the fourth quarter would be down into the double digits almost. And can you comment on that? Are we looking at that right?
David Messenger: I guess the way I've kind of rationalized the guidance going into the fourth quarter, since we are not in the business of giving our quarterly guidance, is that we expect our trends to continue for revenue and expenses through the balance of the year. And while we try to be on the low end of both of those ranges, we didn’t feel prudent to try to update and specify an exact target for both revenue and expense. So revenue, we thought, would still -- we're trending towards the 3% to 5%. Expenses, we’re trending hopefully on the better side.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the JV tying together I think a couple of the things you said. So with 5% cap rates, can you get to the return hurdles of the fund?
Mark Wallis: This is Mark Wallis. I mean, we didn’t verify it. So I think that’s the statement that we’re looking for some values better than that. As you know, cap rate is not the only story. We are running these on IRR models, and it depends on what kind of recovery it is, what the occupancy makeup is, what we think we can do the asset to increase revenue. But a general answer is, when it gets that low, it’s going to be harder for us to clear our hurdles. But you've got to ask them sometimes that's mitigated by value-creation opportunities we see in the asset that we could put into the asset.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dustin Pizzo with UBS. Please go ahead.
Dustin Pizzo – UBS: Hi, (inaudible). Just a follow-up on some of the private market questions. How sustainable do you think these lower cap rates are, assuming that they may be driven by either, A, the lower cost of financing we’ve seen, or B, simply a dearth of quality product that’s on the market today as opposed to buyers getting more aggressive with some of their growth assumptions? And then, two, do you think that -- or I guess, what type of spread do you think there would be today between some of these one-off asset sales that we’ve seen as opposed to if you try to trade a larger portfolio, assuming you could even get financing for something like that?
Mark Wallis: This is Mark Wallis. Regarding the sustainability of these cap rates, and again the cap rate is just one factor you look at, but one thing if you look out in the next two to three years, aside from a couple of markets, there is very little new product being delivered to the market and there is very new little products being started. Therefore that factor is going to remain the same. In fact, the two-year old asset in two years is going to be four to five years old. So that’s one thing we think is going to make it more sustainable than maybe we thought originally. Two, eventually recessions end and eventually jobs come back. And when they do come back, someone may underwrite a depressed low NOI, knowing that it's going to rebound quickly when jobs come back. And they will show greater growth even though the initial going-in cap rate is low. So we will see how long this situation will last. But when jobs come back, that may make it sustainable also. And then again, just the lack of supply and how that’s going to play out, it’s hard to replace these assets at these prices. So, I think it's more sustainable, but as you know, depending on job growth, individual markets, they can -- there is going to be variations off that theme.
Dustin Pizzo – UBS: Okay. And can you tell us what dollar volume of properties you’ve actually bid on this year?
Mark Wallis: I would say around $350 million, give or take.
Tom Toomey: Nearer to $350 million, if you look at my scorecard.
Mark Wallis: Yes. Some of those, obviously, you bail out early in the process. But what I’m trying to indicate there is we are looking at a lot of stuff. And so, that doesn't mean we're -- we may decide to lose early on.
David Messenger: A couple of other things you might want to factor in to the overall equation about cap rates is the amount of capital that has been raised either in terms of the private REIT, the public REIT or just other streams of levered players that are in the marketplace. And when we look down the list of who we’re losing to, these are not amateurs. These are people with a lot of money behind them and a lot of skill behind them. In particular, I thought the DC asset was unique in the sense that the top 10 bidders were only 2% apart on their bids. So that meant there was, in this case, 29 people who did not succeed, who are probably out there a little bit hungrier the next time around, trying to get that money out. So I think high-caliber assets in good markets, good locations, we are going to start to finally see the spread in cap rates emerge that hasn’t been lacking for the last three years. And so the five that’s kind of being thrown around that deal certainly looks like there is a lot of money out there that’s interested in putting itself to work at that entry level. And I can’t say it’s not a bad idea. If you think about a long-term supply/demand of that market, Mark’s point is right, I mean, lot of people are underwriting kind of an 2012 spike in rents because there has been nothing been delivered for some period of time now. I mean, we are at a 25-year record low building. And every time I’ve seen this industry and I haven’t been at it for full 25 years, but whenever you have these type of supply numbers and there is capital, prices rise.
Tom Toomey: One thing we didn’t I guess ask you one-off question, one-off asset versus portfolio. I think that's always very difficult to answer because portfolio sometimes mean there’s five great assets and one asset you got to try to get the great asset that clouds the cap rate and the delta between the two. I think people tend to underwrite these assets on their own. Sometimes you get a dynamic either way, either a better price or depending on the competition and the strategic value of the portfolio, you can have a higher price. It’s really hard to make the call on that. (inaudible) compared to either way.
Dustin Pizzo – UBS: Okay. And then I believe Ross has a follow-up as well.
Ross Nussbaum – UBS: Hi, guys, good afternoon. A question on your expense line, because you, I think, positively surprised us with the decline. And I’m looking at page 27 of your supplemental, and I compared it to your disclosure a year ago for the first nine months. And what’s interesting to me is, it looks like year-over-year you drove the spending curve unit down -- at least for the first nine months, down to about $519 a unit, which is down $10 from where it was at this point last year. But the CapEx spending shot up pretty dramatically from about $430 to $511. So it looks like the R&M line is going down and the CapEx line is going up. So I guess -- I’m having trouble reconciling those two. Why don’t we, as we’re looking through it, take the next call and see if we can come back with --
David Messenger: This is Dave. Ross, just real quick. The R&M line, we expected to be coming down as we have newer assets and we completed a lot of the projects over the past several years, be it the kitchen and bath a few years ago, the HVAC program we did two, three years ago, four years ago, with that, we have a newer portfolio, younger portfolio that requires less to do on the repair and maintenance side. And so what we’ve chosen to do is, put more of our dollars into the capital side of the business versus having to spend on a used basis for R&M.
Jerry Davis: I would add one thing to that. We made a conscious effort this year to get a lot of our larger projects, what we call asset quality deals, done early in the year, so we get the benefit in revenue from that, whether it’s paint jobs, parking lots, things like that. So I think part of it is, we’ve done more early in the year than we did in the past. We’re on track this year to spend about $675 a door in recurring CapEx. Last year we spent about $630, $635. So it’s going up a little bit. I think the other thing is we pushed more of it early in the year to get the revenue benefit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Stevenson with Fox-Pitt Kelton. Please go ahead.
Rob Stevenson – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Good evening, guys. Most of my questions have been answered, but, Tom, given the comments that you guys have made about cap rates of the DC markets, the demand for properties that’s probably only going to get more significant as we move forward, why wouldn’t you guys start the 14th Street development project in the remainder of 2009 for, let’s say, a 2011 delivery, given that your debt is in a decent position, you guys could issue at the market equity today at 15.5 or so, something like that? And so it seems like that that would be one of the development projects that could get green light sooner rather than later?
Mark Wallis: This is Mark Wallis. A couple things on timing, obviously we entered 2009 being very cautious about our timing. We probably tend to be more cautious than we maybe could have been, but that’s usually good. Couple of things. One is timing of just when you start projects in DC and the weather. So right now, what we -- we're always evaluating when is the right time to go. I can’t commit to that today, but it would be more of a mid-2010 would be a time we look at starting. And the other thing we’re doing is our construction prices have got much better. We have spent the time to get drawings up to 100%. And so we now can really get tighter bids on that, and so we would still have that process to go through, come back, evaluate, see how the market looks, how the capital market looks, and go. But those two factors would put you, when you -- decision point mid-2010 versus -- in mid-2009, we were not at that point.
Rob Stevenson – Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. And then a follow-up. Part one, Jerry, what was bad debt this quarter and a year ago? And then, Dave, is there any equity issuance in your fourth quarter guidance?
Jerry Davis: I’ll take that first. Bad debt this quarter was 0.6% of gross potential rents that compares to 0.5% last year in the third quarter, so it was a little bit. If you look at on a full year versus full year, this year we are 0.7%. Last year, we were 0.4%. What that tells me is the worst of the bad debt, hopefully, is over. We started having bad debt look worse in the third quarter of last year, aggressively got worse, probably peak in the middle of the first to the middle of the second quarter, and it seems to be stabilizing back down on that 0.6%.
David Messenger: This is Dave. In terms of guidance, what we provided was an annual range. So what I have in there is the equity issuance that we did in the third quarter, 2.3 million shares.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karin Ford with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc: Hi, good evening. I guess on past calls, Tom, you’ve discussed at length your views on the ideal leverage for the company. And given the positive changes in the capital market environment as well as seems like improving visibility in the fundamental environment, can you just talk about any changes to your views on leverage?
Tom Toomey: I guess my views haven’t changed at all. It’s been pretty consistent through this economic downturn, and we’ve got a good balance sheet structure properly. And we will continue to be looking at the market and the pricing of the full range of capital, and figuring out what’s the best opportunities for us.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc: Okay. Just a follow-up. We talked about the write-downs in the JV portfolio. Do you guys foresee any potential write-downs in the old land portfolio?
David Messenger: This is Dave. We continue to evaluate our land and our holdings every quarter. So it’s an ongoing quarterly process.
Karin Ford – KeyBanc: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Salinsky with Royal Bank of Canada Capital. Please go ahead.
Michael Salinsky – Royal Bank of Canada Capital: Good afternoon, actually. Most of my questions have been answered. Just had a question specifically about the 2008 acquisition portfolio. Can you talk about the performance of that? And also, one of the catalysts there had been about the lease-up opportunities, the ramp-up opportunities. Can you talk about, like, where that portfolio is from an occupancy and how much lease-up opportunities, and also when you expect to roll that into the same store portfolio?
Jerry Davis: Sure. I’ll take first shot at that. Every one of those properties we bought last year, I believe, has reached stabilized occupancy and probably of rates between 90% and 98% occupancy today. Obviously some of the rents we underwrote those deals at, the economy changed and we’re not getting the pro forma rents that we had expected. But we have been able to fill them up, to run them effectively. And I guess that’s about it. But, you know, rent levels in some of the markets, DC, probably held up a little better than the one from San Francisco and the West Coast. We did have one in San Jose that has performed probably better than expectations. The ones in Texas are pretty close to expectations. But the ones up in Seattle as well as the one in downtown San Francisco, the rents are not where we had expected.
Michael Salinsky – Royal Bank of Canada Capital: Okay. Relative to your same store portfolio, I’m assuming the performance has been better then?
Jerry Davis: It’s probably comparable. It depends on the market they’re in. They have done as well as the properties in our same store DC, probably a little better because these deals were inside the beltway versus the ones that are outside. So they probably performed a little better, although they have been in competition with other properties in Arlington that were in lease-up. So they have been fairly concessionary over the first 12 months we owned them. The rest of the properties, I would say, have performed pretty much like our same store properties. And your other question, I think, was when did they roll into our same store? They have been. They typically stay out of the same store for five quarters and then we roll them in. So we can always have a comparable quarter in the last year.
Michael Salinsky – Royal Bank of Canada Capital: Okay, that’s helpful. And I think that’s it for me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: Thank you. Good afternoon. Are you seeing any differences across the markets in terms of turnover trends? And in particular, in what markets, if any, are you seeing job loss as the biggest contributor to move-outs?
Jerry Davis: I’m seeing job loss as probably one of the bigger ones in Orange County, some in San Francisco. Turnover trends, you’ve got some markets that are down dramatically from last year. I know Phoenix, Inland Empire, some of the ones that you’d be surprised because of the market is not performing well. They just had such high turnover last year when the economy first turned that on a comparable basis, they are doing better.
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: Thanks. And just a follow-up on the DC asset transaction that we’ve been talking about. Would you have been considering that for your JV or for your own balance sheet?
Mark Wallis: This is Mark Wallis. That was considered for our JV, although I said [ph] we liked the asset. We think that that would be a first look for our JV, but we like the asset -- certainly it’s something we would put on our balance sheet if given the right opportunity.
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Sakwa with ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Steve Sakwa – ISI Group: Good afternoon. Tom, I’d just want to clarify, the cap rate that you’ve been talking about for this DC asset, as I understand it, that’s kind of after CapEx and the management fee. Is that correct?
Mark Wallis: This is Mark Wallis. That’s correct.
Steve Sakwa – ISI Group: So if you were to just kind of adjust that to kind of plain old NOI, do you have a sense for how much that cap rate might move up?
Mark Wallis: It usually moves up, what, 100 basis points. Typically, rule of thumb -- haven't done the math. It’s going to be close to that.
Steve Sakwa – ISI Group: Okay. And then, just to maybe go back to Ross's question, just on this I guess attachment 12, where you’re talking about CapEx, I guess I’m just trying to understand the -- there are kind of two buckets. You’ve got something called revenue enhancing as well as asset preservation. And I guess the revenue enhancing would seem to me, you almost have to add that with the bucket below in order to kind of really assess how the same store is being impacted. Is that correct? Or what am I missing on the revenue enhancing?
Mark Wallis: That’s correct. Just keep in mind that on a -- the asset preservation is on stabilized (inaudible), so it will be slightly different. But your analysis isn’t far off.
Steve Sakwa – ISI Group: Okay. So would it be fair to use the rough same 43,400 units for that kind of $19 million bucket to try and get a kind of a gross CapEx per unit number or am I going to be terribly off?
Mark Wallis: No, that’s correct.
Steve Sakwa – ISI Group: That’s correct. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Liddell [ph] with AIG. Please go ahead.
Mike Liddell – AIG: Thanks, guys. Just a follow-up to a leverage question earlier. Just curious in terms of the combination between secured versus non-secured. Is this purely a pricing decision in your mindset or is the greater alliance like GSEs or just mortgage debt as a whole come into play there? Where does the price become less of an issue?
Warren Troupe: This is Warren. I think to date, the unsecured market has been not as attractive as the secured. And so obviously we’ve gone out and done a substantial amount under the Fannie Mae facilities. But the secured market -- you know, the unsecured market has come in and it’s become a lot more attractive. And also we’ve tried to maintain some kind of balance between our unsecured and our secured. So I think as we go forward, we will continue to evaluate both options.
Mike Liddell – AIG: Do the rating agencies give you any sort of restrictions in terms of what percent of your debt is coming from secured versus unsecured and where that could put downward ratings pressure?
Warren Troupe: It gives some general guidelines, but they don't give you specific numbers.
Mike Liddell – AIG: Okay. And then just an operational question. In previous quarters, you may have noted this already, but you provided a rent versus buy gap on your portfolio. Could you give us any sort of sense as to what that is this quarter?
Warren Troupe: I’m sorry, rent versus what?
Mike Liddell – AIG: Rent versus buy differential margin?
Warren Troupe: I’m sorry, yes. Today, for the entire portfolio, our average rent is probably about 80% of a -- what a mortgage payment would be. That varies obviously by market when you look at Orange County. I think last quarter I said the difference was, I think, $750 or $800. It’s dropped a little. It’s about $700. And then the spread on San Francisco, for example, is still well over $1,000. Some of the markets, it’s a push, to be honest with you. Some of the Sunbelt markets where prices have been knocked down and average rents may be $900 to $1,000, it will be equal. But portfolio-wide it’s about 80%.
Mike Liddell – AIG: And at what level do you get -- do you start to see a greater propensity to move out to buy? I know you said it -- the whole portfolio, that you’re not really starting to see much of an increase, but at what point do you believe the stress actually pushes them to move out?
David Messenger: I don’t think rent levels today would stress. I mean, I think what’s pushing them right now is own prices coming down. And you are losing some of your better residents that have been -- now they have good credit and they have good jobs, do see opportunities at times to jump out and buy a house. That happens more in the Sunbelt markets than we’re seeing in our coastal markets. What you’re really -- move-outs to homeownership to purchase a home in Orange County, it’s 6% of our move-outs. And in San Francisco, it’s I think 6% to 8%. DC is probably a little around 10%. The markets where you see people moving out are places like Nashville, Houston, Richmond, places where home prices are cheap.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew McCulloch with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Andrew McCulloch – Green Street Advisors: Hi, good afternoon. Back to the private market valuation for a second -- the private market value for a second, cap rates can be misleading depending on what CapEx you are using, NOI, what NOI assumptions, management fee, et cetera, can you comment a little bit on the trend you are seeing as far as price per door in your major markets? And are those actually rising or have they just stopped falling?
Mark Wallis: This is Mark Wallis. I think generally it’s a very general question, but the price per door has been going up.
Andrew McCulloch – Green Street Advisors: How do you think that compares to replacement costs and how do you think about replacements costs when you are looking at acquisitions versus starting the development pipeline backup?
Mark Wallis: Well, the academic method is you find a comparable piece of land and you have to price the land, and then we take -- since we are in the development business, we usually have current construction prices at hand, and we price it out that way. The variable always is can I find a comparable piece of land. In some cases, it’s hard to find -- if it's infill, urban -- an exactly comparable piece of land. But what we do is take our -- we can, in markets, usually have relationships with general contractors aside from the deals we're building and see what they see as far as prices and you had to also evaluate, design and that kind of thing. But we do that exercise.
Tom Toomey: This is Toomey. I think the asset that we are particularly focused on in commenting priced probably at about 75% of its original construction. And so today, replacement cost is probably at 90% of replacement cost four-year old asset. So I think we've got some visibility and comfort around your NOIs. Assets are going to price very close to replacement costs very quickly, and people will -- astute buyers will focus on that. And where you still have falling NOIs, people are going to be a little bit more hesitant and resident, if you will, and pull back from that type of number. But ultimately, I think a replacement cost represents a nice flooring for our business with very little supply coming online. And you will see more and more people get drawn to that pricing mechanism.
Andrew McCulloch – Green Street Advisors: Great. Thanks. That was helpful. And then just had one follow-up question on unsecured debt. What do you think you could do a 10-year unsecured deal at today?
David Messenger: Probably about 7.5.
Andrew McCulloch – Green Street Advisors: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jordan Sherman [ph] with Parental Real Estate. Please go ahead.
Jordan Sherman – Parental Real Estate: Yes, hello. I’m trying to -- two things. One is, midpoint of guidance -- FFO guidance that comes down by $0.02, trying to understand how much of that reflects the changes in the capital market activities, your debt issuance, the debt retirement, equity issuance versus changes in your operating assumptions?
David Messenger: Jordan, this is Dave. The $0.02 that you’re referring to was a result of the debt tender offer that we did in the third quarter. So the midpoint of the original guidance was $1.29. Take out $0.10 for the charge on equity investments, $0.02 on the debt tender, gets you to $1.17.
Jordan Sherman – Parental Real Estate: Okay. So no changes in underlying operating assumptions?
David Messenger: We tightened the ranges. We tightened the high and the low end just based on what we are seeing in debt repurchase activity and possibilities. The fact that we’ve reset some of our maturities ahead of schedule, we factored into account the equity issuance we did in the third quarter of 2.3 million shares under the ATM program.
Jordan Sherman – Parental Real Estate: Okay. Okay. And then I just want to revisit the question that Tony Paolone asked previously, come at it from a different angle. The way I understand your answer to this question is that the negative 3% to negative 5% decline in same store NOI is a run rate in the fourth quarter, not the expectation for full year results.
David Messenger: No, it’s not correct. The expectation for full year would be -- for the full 12 months of 2009, the revenue would be down 3% to 5% -- I’m sorry, 1% to 3%, and NOI would be down 3% to 5%.
Jordan Sherman – Parental Real Estate: Yes. That sort of implies a negative sort of 12% decline in the fourth quarter or something in that range.
David Messenger: That’s, I believe, how the math shakes out. And like I said earlier, revenue we're expecting to be in the midpoint of our original guidance. Expenses, we’ll try to do better than what we’ve got out there. And we’ll let the NOI line shake out to where it is. So we end up eating the 3% to 5% range, or landing in the middle of it. We will be pleased with those results.
Jordan Sherman – Parental Real Estate: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Lee [ph] with L&B Investments [ph]. Please go ahead.
Jon Litt – Citigroup: Hey, Tom. It’s Jon Litt. I'm here with Craig Melcher. Can you hear me all right?
Tom Toomey: Yes, we can, sir.
Jon Litt – Citigroup: My question was following up on Tony’s as well. And I’m just trying to understand, so -- the decision you guys are taking is that you are not giving quarterly guidance and that’s why that 3% to 5% for NOI is still valid. Is that right?
David Messenger: Correct.
Jon Litt – Citigroup: So if you were -- because you did give effectively fourth quarter guidance by narrowing the range, so it seems a little incongruous because we're not going to get a negative double-digit NOI number. So it sounds like it’s just you’re abstaining from commenting on that for the fourth quarter.
David Messenger: Correct.
Jon Litt – Citigroup: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Michael Salinsky with Royal Bank of Canada Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Salinsky – Royal Bank of Canada Capital: Just a follow-up question in light of the impairments there on the two Bellevue assets. Are there any of your joint venture partners that are struggling right now and is there any buyout opportunities on any of those?
Mark Wallis: This is Mark Wallis. We -- that was the only joint ventures, with those Bellevue assets, that we might have that opportunity. We have engaged in that. We are trying to develop -- and this is I think a mutual engagement. So we are trying to work on something that will be a win-win for both of us. I think obviously out there in the marketplace, a lot of private developers are looking for capital, and they might be more willing to look at this than they would otherwise. So, yes, we are looking at that. But we're just working out something that would be a win-win for both of us now that the asset is about completed.
Michael Salinsky – Royal Bank of Canada Capital: Okay, thank you.
Tom Toomey: Mike, you’ve seen the asset, right?
Michael Salinsky – Royal Bank of Canada Capital: Yes.
Tom Toomey: Yes. You know it's a fabulous asset right across the street from Microsoft. Lease-up is going better than planned. I think Jerry has already reported this month 35 leases. And practically, for everything that’s got a COO, we’ve got a lease. So we are encouraged by lease-up of the assets. And we want to be fair to our partner as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is another follow-up question from Mark Biffert with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer: Sorry, all my questions have been answered. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of David Toti with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman – Citigroup: Hey, it’s Michael Bilerman. David, just want to come back to the -- just the guidance range for the fourth quarter is $0.24 to $0.30. I’m just trying to understand what may be in there if there is any sort of charges or gains or anything that would cause such a wide variance. We are talking almost 22%, 23% in terms of a spread for fourth quarter expectations.
David Messenger: If you take the third quarter core operations, we’re expecting revenue to come down. Expenses will have tough comparables. I think that gets you into your range of $0.24 to $0.30 for the fourth quarter.
Michael Bilerman – Citigroup: But the core coming out of the quarter was $0.31, I mean, to go down $0.07 to the low end would seem pretty dramatic of a decline.
David Messenger: That’s fair. It's not an exact science. But looking at how leases are repricing today and where we see some of the possibilities on expenses, be it through either insurance, real estate, taxes, and some other unknowns that are out there, we are comfortable that $0.24 to $0.30 is the number you stated.
Michael Bilerman – Citigroup: Right. And then effectively, everything in guidance is updated from capital markets perspective in terms of the equity issuance, the earlier debt issuance and everything else, the losses on the JV expect for within guidance today it’s still this negative 3% to negative 5%. So if we model what you’re running today, negative 1% year-to-date same store NOI growth, if we model that negative 2%, the Street generally is going to move their numbers much higher than your guidance range. Is that a fair assumption?
David Messenger: I’d have to run the math when you're talking about going down to 1% or 2%. But the first half of your question about everything being factored into guidance, that is correct.
Michael Bilerman – Citigroup: And then it’s just the operations --
David Messenger: Correct. Yes, it’s just the operations.
Michael Bilerman – Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Anthony Paolone with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Anthony Paolone – JP Morgan: Thanks. Tom, last quarter you were pretty adamant about not issuing equity unless you had an investment use of the proceeds, and you did a little bit in the third quarter, and your stock is a little higher today. Just wondering if you can update just your thoughts on how you are thinking about your at-the-market program in equity right now.
Tom Toomey: Tony, it’s a fair question. In terms of the use of proceeds, certainly we’re focused on our joint venture in funding our $54 million under that opportunity. And we find assets to buy with the joint venture. It’s nice to show up with our money. And so that’s been in the intent on the equity issuance is to try to get ahead of that. And I think it’s a smart move on our part.
Mark Wallis: I think we’ve just always said that we want to be flexible too and be able to dilate all of our capital market opportunities.
Michael Bilerman – Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up question from Michael Levy with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Michael Levy – Macquarie: I was actually taking myself out of the queue. Tony just asked my question.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I’m now showing no further questions. I'll turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.
Tom Toomey: Well, thank you, operator. And thank all of you for your time today. We certainly appreciate your calls and your attention to our company. With that, we look forward to seeing many of you next month at NAREIT. And with that, take care.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the UDR third quarter earnings conference call. If you’d like to listen to a replay of today’s conference, please dial 303-590-3030 or 1-800-406-7325 and enter in the access 4141754. We thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-10 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Larry Thede – VP IR Thomas Toomey – President & CEO Jerry Davis – SVP Property Operations Mark Wallis – SEVP David Messenger - CFO Warren Troupe – SEVP & General Counsel 
Analysts:  Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs Robert Stevenson – Foxx-Pitt Kelton  Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Michelle Ko – UBS  Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer  Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets Unidentified Analyst  [Andrew Amculla – Unspecified Company] Alexander Goldfarb – Unspecified Company  [Kareen Forest – Unspecified Company] Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird  Steve Swett – KBW  David Bragg - Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Welcome to the UDR fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Larry Thede, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Larry Thede: Thanks all of you for joining us for our fourth quarter financial results conference call. Our fourth quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday and posted to our website.  In the supplement we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements.  I’d like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in yesterday’s press release and are included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. I’ll now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Thomas Toomey.
Thomas Toomey: Thank you Larry, as we are toward the end of earnings season and I see little benefit in taking up your time playing amateur economist, I have a few quick thoughts and then we’ll turn the call over to the key executives for details.  On the subject of the fourth quarter and 2008 performance in the face of challenging times we were very successful on a number of fronts. We strengthened our portfolio with sales of $1.7 billion, and acquisitions of nearly $1.1 billion in the right markets.  We raised over $1 billion in capital with over $700 million raised in the fourth quarter alone. Our operating team delivered the second best NOI growth for the apartment REITs for the year and twice we reduced our cost structure to reflect changes in our portfolio and operation environment.  We adjusted our development deliveries and redevelopment deliveries to reflect a slowdown in the fundamentals, and I personally want to thank and express my appreciation to all our associates who worked very hard to deliver these results.  Let me now turn to 2009 and 2010, our guidance will be given in more detail by David and Jerry, like you we believe the business climate and volatility will remain challenging. We are extremely concerned over the rapidly eroding employment picture that has seen unemployment rise from 4.7% to 7.6% in just six months.  We are skeptical that the government’s efforts to restart the capital markets will show benefit during 2009. I will say though that our strategies will not change. I will continue to focus my efforts on increasing our financial flexibility and in fact in the first 40 days of 2009 we have increased our lines of credit by $240 million brining total cash and credit capacity to $1.2 billion.  With that let me turn the call over to Jerry.
Jerry Davis : Thanks Thomas, and good afternoon everyone. In the fourth quarter of 2008 we saw increasing job and worsening economic conditions effect our business. Our revenue growth of 1.8% during the quarter was lower then we anticipated as pricing power that we enjoyed in our California and Pacific Northwest markets for the first nine months of the year disappeared. Fourth quarter expense growth came in right where we expected it at 6.8%. As we had communicated all year our fourth quarter 2007 expenses were extremely low due to several favorable tax deals as well very low insurance. Taxes and insurance make up 38% of our total expenses and they were up 20.6% for the quarter.  The other operating expense categories which make up the remaining 62% of our expenses were actually flat with the prior year. On a sequential basis our revenue fell 0.8%, marking the first drop in sequential revenue in the past 17 quarters. Our expenses were down 5% from our third quarter levels and the result was fourth quarter NOI was 1.2% higher then the third quarter.  For the full year our revenue increased 3.6%, expenses were up 3.1%, and the resulting NOI grew by 3.8%. In comparison to the apartment REITs that have reported full year results, that would place our revenue and our NOI growth at second best in the sector.  Beginning in late October and then continuing through the end of the year, we saw a strong shift in our pricing power throughout our portfolio but most notably in our West Coast markets. While we have been able to keep occupancy at very stable levels, rental rates on new leases in most markets have retreated.  In the fourth quarter we continued to get modest increases on the 3,600 lease renewals we did in the 1% to 2% range. However these were not enough to offset the average decline of 4% that we experienced on the 5,000 new leases that we signed in the fourth quarter.  Given the continuing job loss expectations in 2009 we see revenues decreasing by 1% to 3%. Our expectation is that the DC, Virginia, Northern California, Pacific Northwest, and Texas markets which represent 36% of our total revenue will have positive growth but they will be dragged down by deteriorating conditions in Southern California and Phoenix and a continued struggle in Florida. These markets represent 46% of our total revenue.  We expect our 2009 expense growth will be in the 1.5% to 2.5% range. Real estate taxes and utilities which account for almost half of the total expenses are expected to grow in the 4% to 5% range while the other expense categories are projected to be flat on a cumulative basis.  NOI is projected to be in the negative 3% to negative 5% range in 2009. Occupancy for same store communities for the fourth quarter was 94.6% compared to 94.4% in fourth quarter 2007, that’s a 20 basis point increase. More recently our occupancy in January was 94.5% compared to 94.1% last January. So far in 2009 we’re seeing traffic at a slightly higher level then last year and our applications are flat.  Turnover for the fourth quarter was 53.7% which was up 40 basis points from last year’s fourth quarter. Move outs to home purchases were 14.1% in the quarter that compares to 15.3% in the fourth quarter of last year. For the full year 49.7% of our move ins originated through the internet as we continue to see the benefits of our industry best website.  This is up from 40% in 2007. Our website, www.udr.com had almost 1.6 million unique visits this year, that’s roughly double what it was in 2007. We continue to develop enhancements to our website to keep it the best in the industry as well as find other ways to connect with our customers through things like mobile websites and social networking. Not only have these enhancements driven our revenue, they’ve also enabled us to reduce our marketing costs over the last several years. These expenses for 2008 were down 18%. Now looking to the future, we see the same job loss projections as everyone else. Most of our markets will be effected.  That being said I’d like to make four points, first our properties are well located in markets where the price difference between renting and owning remains wide. Over three quarters of our apartment homes have average rents that are still less then 65% of the average mortgage payment on an entry level home.  Second we have a very experienced operating team running our properties. Our expectations for our teams to outperform their peers and their individual markets. In 2008 we had the highest revenue growth in nine of the 19 markets we were have REIT peers and we came in second in another three markets.  Although 2009 will be a challenge for everyone our expectation to market leadership remains the same. Third we have focused much of our technology efforts on the front end of our business. We have the best website in the industry and we are constantly working to find new ways to drive more traffic to udr.com.  Lastly we have and we will continue to invest in our real estate. We have a five year CapEx plan for each one of our properties and our plan in 2009 is to spend $675 per apartment home on recurring CapEx. The private investors only know where 85% of the apartment stock in our country we expect to see many of them starve their properties of capital over the next year.  Even though job loss will effect the entire apartment industry we know that renters value a well maintained community and they will seek out those places to call home. We believe this will enable us to better hold onto our existing residence as well as attract new customers.  In closing I’d like to thank my fellow associates for all of their dedication to making UDR a top performer in the REIT group. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Mark. 
Mark Wallis : Thanks Jerry, in 2008 we completed $1.7 billion of dispositions and $976 million of acquisitions making us a net seller of $724 million of assets in 2008. We believe this not only brought needed liquidity into the company but that the portfolio is better positioned for the long-term future of the company. We do not have any planned acquisitions for 2009 other then one pre-sale asset for $29 million that was put under contract a couple of years ago. We have received offers on one of our recently completed developments in Houston and are evaluating a possible sale of that asset.  On the development front we are wrapping up the completion of two communities in the next two months leaving us six communities that we have under construction. While we are doing pre-sale entitlement and design work on three land sites, we do not have any new construction starts planned for 2009. In addition we cancelled a pre-sale purchase commitment for 2010 of $59 million and that’s for a to be built development project in Orlando. We increased our development team three years, we decided to run a centralized operation out of our Dallas office and with as lean a staff as possible. And as the market showed signs of weakness last year, we began trimming our development staff since early summer of 2008. Today our development team consists of one SVP, and one VP and a talented group of six development associates and seven construction associates. We believe that this is a right size group that can properly execute the six jobs underway and the planning for the future. That’s a brief summary of the highlights in the investment area and I would direct you to supplemental schedules nine through 12 including the press release for more details.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Warren.
Warren Troupe : Thank you Mark, I will give a brief update on recent capital market activities, for 2008 we closed five construction loans totaling $179 million at an average spread of 184 basis points over one month LIBOR or approximately 2.3%. In January we closed an additional construction loan with a spread of 250 basis points over one month LIBOR or [4%]. These loans have been through a number of strong regional banks. In addition we’ve entered into commitments with Freddie Mac for two seven year ARM mortgages on existing properties. We expect the loans to close in the first quarter with net proceeds of approximately $63 million and all at a floating rate of approximately 4% with cap of 7.5%. A summary of our capital activities is set forth in detail in the capital markets update in our press release.  At the end of 2009 we expect to have access to $836 million of undrawn credit facilities and at the end of 2010 we expect to have access to $487 million of undrawn credit facilities. And finally we continue to take advantages of opportunities in the debt market. In the first quarter we purchased $27 million of face amount of our outstanding debt at an average of 20% discount to par for a yield of 13%.  In addition we purchased $18 million of our 6.5% note due in June resulting in interest savings of approximately $495,000 in 2009. Now I’ll turn the call over to David.
David Messenger : Thanks Warren, my comments will focus on our 2009 guidance, dividend, and disclosure enhancements. As Jerry discussed we are forecasting occupancy of 94% to 95% and a decline in same store revenue of 1% to 3%. On the expense side we made a lot of progress in the fourth quarter renegotiating our contracts and pricing and expect to be able to limit our same store expense growth to 1.5% to 2.5%.  This equates to the same store NOI forecast of negative 3% to negative 5%. Some of this decline will be offset by increased NOI from completed developments and redevelopments as well as assets purchased in their lease out stages in 2008. We expect to reduce our G&A expenses by 8% in 2009 as a result of our 2008 actions.  We will continue to be active in repurchasing our debt and possibly our common and preferred stock. As we mentioned in our press release last night we have repurchased $27 million of our debt for a $0.03 gain to FFO. Weighing all of these factors and utilizing a diluted share count of 160 million common share equivalents, we are forecasting our 2009 range of FFO to be $1.23 to $1.35.  To simply the range, take the fourth quarter of 2008 and consider that a run rate of $0.30 to $0.31, annualized you get $1.20. Add the $0.03 of debt transactions we’ve already done and you’re at the low end of our range. Its an additional $0.12 to get to the top end. Assuming operations come in better then a 5% decline I can pick up half that spread and the balance can be obtained through further debt repurchases.  Turning to our dividend, in 2008 [inaudible] for our special dividend we paid an annual recurring dividend of $1.22 per common share. Given our forecasted operations the collection of our $200 million note receivable and our current capital plan, we expect to generate taxable income of $1.00 to $1.20 per share.  Based on those levels we do not see any meaningful savings from reducing the dividend. A final comment about our supplement, we have continued to add to our transparency. We have added additional disclosures and attachment four regarding our available credit facilities, as well as our debt maturities with and without extensions.  This should give you a better picture of what we have coming due and the available facilities we can use to satisfy those maturities. We have also provided a home count reconciliation on attachment seven. This helps complete the picture of what our company will look like as our non-mature assets become mature.  Now I’ll turn the call back over to Thomas. 
Thomas Toomey : That concludes our prepared comments, we are now ready for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Could you comment at bit on just the government stimulus plan and obviously implications for what you think might be move outs to single family throughout the year. 
Thomas Toomey : I think we’re going to learn a lot about this plan over the next week as everybody gets into dissecting it. Certainly a big part that we noticed was the $15,000 credit towards home ownership and I first I’m for anything that gets this economy started. In the long-term our business will be positively impacted if they get there. The $15,000 credit, if you take a median home price or you take any of the home prices in our markets let’s say, you give people $15,000 down, they’ve still got to come up with anywhere between probably $20 and $35,000 themselves and we think a lot of people, that’s going to be a hard thing to come up with these days to buy a home.  So I think its not going to be that visible to us initially out of the gate in 2009 but as the economy turns its probably going to be another threat to us in 2010. But again I think its going to be market by market, price point by price point, and I think in the future as the clarity is provided, we may put some more in our road show materials about the direct impact in our markets. 
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Turning to guidance can you decipher a bit, the expectations for West Coast and specifically NOI growth for California. It sounds like the deterioration was more then expected quarter over quarter. 
Jerry Davis : I would tell you Southern California, we would see Orange County as probably going to be negative 1% to negative 3% revenue growth. LA is probably going to be a hair worse then that, San Diego is looking to us, that it could be flat to slightly down. Inland Empire is going to be very bad, probably revenue growth of negative 5% to negative 6%. As you move up the Coast to Northern California we think San Francisco, San Jose, will be positive, slightly in maybe the 2% range.  And we think our Monterey portfolio is well positioned to perform well and could easily do 3% to 5% revenue growth. 
Thomas Toomey : I think a couple of things as I look at California, certainly an unemployment rate for the state at 9% or better and probably going higher, when we dissected it down to our individual submarkets, we think that unemployment is more at the 6.5% range. So I think we’re going to do better then the totality of California will.  The second that concerns me a great deal is this budget deficit and I don’t want to use the work bankrupt but when you don’t pay your bills I don’t know what you call it. So I’m worried a little bit about what California is going to do as a state fiscally and is that going to be higher taxes on retail system already, on wages, prop 13 hasn’t been attacked at this point. I think it would hard for them to repel it given it would take a populace vote to carry that.  So think we’ll have to watch how California deals with it. Certainly nothing right on the immediate horizon points to a bright future or to a rebound, it points to more negative. That’s our view on California. 
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Can you comment a bit just on the expense savings from the internet, it sounds like half of all move ins, and that’s a positive trend that obviously expectations looking ahead. 
Jerry Davis : That savings are roughly historically over the last several years, we’ve cut it by about $50 per unit so that’s a $1 million, $1.5 million when you look back two or three years ago. It was down in 2008 versus 2007 by the 18%. We expect it to go down marginally going forward but for the most part we’ve exited all print ads and we’re predominantly in the internet right now. So the savings rate will continue to get less as time goes on. 
Thomas Toomey : What’s interesting is we’re seeing the number of visits climb dramatically, its up another 25% already this year. People are shopping properties much more where they were looking at three to five before they’re probably now looking 10. So we’ve started moving our tracking of our traffic to really truly applications. And what’s been interesting out of that is the number of aps that we’re taking in, in fact is slightly climbing so that gives us some confidence that we’re going to be able to sustain our occupancy levels at today’s rates but and Jerry has color more on what the pricing for renewals and new leases, he’s provided that earlier, you can see that our rents are rolling down.  But different then a lot of cycles, it appears that we’re going to be able to sustain the occupancy number at this time through. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Stevenson – Foxx-Pitt Kelton 
Robert Stevenson – Foxx-Pitt Kelton : Can you talk about what your certainly is at this point about the $200 million notes payable being paid off as soon as the lock out period is over, its about 7.5% loan. 
Warren Troupe : It is 7.5% interest rate on that and its, we’ve had conversations with DRA and they’ve told us that that money has been reserved and set aside in the fund, $200 million. And we had conversations with the lenders on that note so we have a lot of assurance that its going to be paid and we’re proceeding along that way. 
Robert Stevenson – Foxx-Pitt Kelton : So at 14 months or whatever, it gets paid, its not something that they’re going to wait and see and let it run until some time later in 2009.
Warren Troupe : Under the loan agreement, default is not paid by June 1st. That’s the loan agreement between them and Fannie Mae. And even then we have an absolute right to have it prepaid later in that year or so. But we have no indications that number discussed with them, have no indications they’re not going to pay. 
Thomas Toomey : You have to understand, they are in the advisory business and the capital accumulation business and the last thing that I would think they would want to have is a mark out there with a public company that they’ve defaulted on a note due them and so I think that would jeopardize their franchise as well as their ability to raise future capital so I wouldn’t think that they would try to string it out or do anything other then pay us off. 
Robert Stevenson – Foxx-Pitt Kelton : Can you talk about what you’re seeing in terms of credit quality over the last few months here, saw that the losses drip down, but where are you expecting that to sort of peak out at over the next 12 to 18 months and where did that peak out during the last recession for you. 
Jerry Davis : It was steadily growing in the second half of the year. We ran most of 2008 at about a 0.4% of our gross potential, we were writing off. By the end of the year it was up to about 0.6% in December, it stayed a little, is probably about a 0.7% in January. That’s a historical average for most portfolios. I can tell you when you look back in the last recession I think our worst quarter of credit loss was 1.3% and that was in the fourth quarter of 2001. I’d remind you that was a portfolio that included much more B&C grade assets that, for the average rents rate $100]. We don’t currently see that debt going north of 1% but are we going to be able to replicate what we did last year when it was 0.5%, I don’t think so. And as far as credit quality of incoming prospects, our decline rate is comparable to what it was last year where probably one out of every four aps either cancels are gets declined. 
Robert Stevenson – Foxx-Pitt Kelton : What are you thinking in terms of the portfolio in 2009, is there a situation where you would think about selling a decent amount of assets to raise capital to take advantage of some buying opportunities.
Thomas Toomey : I think we should always be looking at asset prices and as a source of capital. Right now our taxable income is $1.00 to $1.20 a share and so any asset sales would require another special dividend or rolling money over for 1031 activity so we’re probably not going to pull a lot of triggers on the sales side and I don’t think its good business to be doing it frankly at this point in the cycle. I think asset prices are down, I think they’re going to stay down for 2009. They may start rebounding as people play the rebound in 2010.  That’s where I see it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Bilerman - Citigroup 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup:  Did you talk about the shopping center acquisition in [RA3]?
Mark Wallis : It is a property that’s on the corner of our [inaudible] development located in Addison, Texas, and we’ve really been working on that since the beginning of that [assumage] of land, it gives us the corner, it’s a high end grocer in Dallas, that anchors that center with a newly remodeled stores. Its somewhat undermanaged so it rounds out our long-term plan and gives us just a better overall master plan for the long-term. In the interim we’ll run it and we think we can improve it a little bit and it just rounds out that situation in Addison like we want. 
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Moving over to the balance sheet a bit, can you just talk about your comfort with the upcoming extensions and expansions and if there will be any material changes to terms once those are complete.
David Messenger : No we’ve actually visited with Fannie Mae and we have the absolute right, its our right not an option, for the extension and so we’ve talked about the additional $415 million and with respect to terms the pricing on those are as you know are done at the date that you pull down. Once at [DMVS] which is an older product that Fannie has not present quoting, but we do something on that 140 would probably be in the 3.5% to 4% range and on the other one, it’s a 10 year pricing interest only, based on today we’re looking at about a 5.9%, 6%.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Touching on Florida, there’s a lot of theories out there that some of these markets that have hit the bottom stabilize, I wonder if you can give some color on the dynamics that you’re seeing in that market relative to stabilization versus further deterioration off of an already low base. 
Jerry Davis : In Tampa and Orlando, it feels like we’re hitting the bottom, we’re not seeing as much rent deterioration, we’re seeing occupancy going up, and I can tell you our leasing activity over the last two to three months in Florida was second to none in our company so we felt a pick up there.  Jacksonville started to drop for us in second half of last year and we anticipate Jacksonville this year is probably going to continue to see a decline in revenue probably in the 3% to 5% range. The rest of Florida we think is while we think is going to be negative there is a chance it could turn. A lot of the inventory issues that they had last year get filled up so unless a lot of unannounced job losses hit Florida, Florida should not go a whole lot worse. It will still have negative revenue growth but its not going to, the two markets I see it will probably and the most gloomy about are probably Phoenix and the [Inland] Empire still. 
Thomas Toomey : I think Florida might be a surprise up, given everybody’s expectations are so low and the other might be the military markets and we’ll see whether policy confronts fact, the White House, and the troops start coming back but our sense is is that while we’re not planning for it that could be a nice surprise up and the military markets for us represent San Diego, Seattle, Norfolk, Virginia Beach marketplaces. And the other plus is probably going to be DC. It doesn’t look like this housing Bill or stimulus Bill or the treasury plan, any of them involve shrinking government. It looks like our corridor from Baltimore down to Richmond is probably going to benefit a great deal from the influx of people moving into those markets. And I think your prior observations on some of our peers Texas isn’t so bad, so I think you’ve got generally a tone everybody is trying to be conservative about their forecast and not trying to find any bright spots but I think there are a few to weigh and the simple answer is in this marketplace and in this timing there’s no reason to show optimism until after the fact, but that’s where I would point to if I were thinking there were going to be some surprises.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Ko – UBS 
Michelle Ko – UBS : I just wanted to go back to the fact that you said that there could be positive revenue growth in San Francisco and Monterey, I was wondering if you could tell us what the occupancy and rental rate trends have been month to month from December, January and February, has there been any deterioration in these markets from month to month?
Jerry Davis : Not really, [inaudible] portfolio we’ve had pretty good rent growth. That is a seasonal market, it’s the agriculture business is up in our Monterey portfolio really caters more to the town of Salinas. And this time of the year you will see a decline as there’s no crops to pick but that typically comes back strong in mid-March. Housing up there has not really increased and we don’t see any job cuts in the agricultural business so you really have a captive resident base without a whole lot of supply that we can set the rent. We have seen good rent growth there although occupancy when you look over the last three or four months has gone down as seasonal workers have left. But that’s normal. San Francisco, occupancy we did see a decline there in early November and its continued to stay stable since then. It really hasn’t fallen any further and quite a few of our places especially in the San Jose market that initially went south in November have bounced back up and have occupancy levels. Really in San Francisco we’re probably in the 96, 97 range. 
Michelle Ko – UBS : Can you talk about renewals, are the new residents being offered better deals then someone renewing at a similar unit.
Jerry Davis : Typically that’s true, what we’ve really seen in the fourth quarter is our average new renewal in the fourth quarter across our portfolio paid an increase of 2.4%. Our new lease when you compare it to what the previous resident was paying was paying 4.3% less. So yes it is true that existing residents are paying more then new leasers. That varies by market. Some places where we’re seeing positive rent growth on new leases are Monterey, the Salinas portfolio, Texas and in San Diego, and we only had really two places where we didn’t see positive growth on renewal rates. Those were Phoenix which was negative and the Inland Empire was flat.  But typically if you said what’s the difference between the rent on a unit where somebody renews and what the new resident is going to pay, its probably in the 5% to 6% range.
Michelle Ko – UBS : I was wondering you commented a bit on your dividend and that you would continue to pay it but I was wondering if, wanted to confirm if that would continue to be in cash or a combination of stock and cash. 
Thomas Toomey : I’ve been watching with a great deal of curiosity the market’s reaction to the stock versus cash dilemma and it seems to me that David pointed out that our current at the midpoint shortfall on the dividend is about $13 million which is about 1% of our available debt capital capacity. So it seems like to me if you’ve got the capital capacity in your company and it’s a temporary market condition that you’d continue paying it in cash.  I’ve long ago believed that if the market sees the opportunity for growth on an accretive basis that it will feed us capital and that hording capital is a dangerous sword to play with. So I’m more drawn to the cash, I think its certainly something we plan on discussing with our Board at length throughout the year as the market conditions continue to have more visibility to us but at this present time, I would anticipate us paying it in cash.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets 
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets:  The exit of the condominium business all together, what happens if that market turns around, is that something that you’ve been burned on, you don’t want to go back to it or would you be willing to go back to doing condo conversions if the market ever allowed it again. 
Mark Wallis : The way I answer that is we keep our options open and we have not gotten rid of any condominium maps. And in fact we still are pursuing maps on properties that we have no intention today of putting them in the pipeline because we think that just enhances the value of that asset down the road so the way I would answer is, I think there’s not enough visibility to really answer that question other then we haven’t eliminated or removed any of our options at this point. 
Thomas Toomey : Our job is to maximize the value out of our real estate and if that were to lead us to selling to a condo converter or doing one, yes, that’s our job and we should weigh the risk of the downside of it and then you can see from our exercise and discipline over the last couple of years that we took existing product, did quick turns and in the end we had two deals stall out that we’ve reverted back to the rental pool and seem to be doing fine running them that way.  We didn’t go and build, we didn’t go out and speculate on dirt, and I don’t think that’s where our business and our strike zone is. 
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: I don’t see any issue with the selling to a condo converter but you got into the condo conversion business directly a bit late to the game—
Thomas Toomey : It didn’t turn out to be too bad to us did it? 
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Any issue with the facility in terms of your banks and their commitments to supporting the facility?
Warren Troupe : No, absolutely not. You can see from the press release we’ve done some initial [inaudible] here which tend to pay back down, but all of our banks have participated.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: In the aftermath of the big portfolio sale, have you looked at all how that has impacted you pro forma for it not have happened, would you have been in a better position today in terms of the greater level of diversification you would have had or are you in a better position today because it happened. 
Mark Wallis : I mentioned in my script that we were net sellers $720 billion, so the way I look at it simplistically is the conventional wisdom is well, assets have declined, pick a number, 15%, 20%, I’ll just use 20%, I made $150 billion of value if all the assets declined exactly the same. I would then argue that the $1.7 billion we’ve sold have declined much more dramatically then the assets we bought. So we look at it as a net gain. 
Thomas Toomey : I think we can always look in the rearview mirror and try to say, gosh if I’d done this or that differently you’d come out with a lot of different answers. In the end over the life of this company and its portfolio positioning, I think we made the right choice. Would have liked to have sold it for more but we didn’t. We would have liked to have paid less for the stuff we bought, we didn’t. In the end I can’t rewrite history and neither can you and the simple answer is I thought it was a good strategic move for our shareholders, [Gord] concurred with it and I think in the long run we’ll look up three years from now and realize that that was the true benefit and you sometimes have to measure these things over a longer time horizon.  But in the short-term I thought it was a good choice, in the long-term I think it will be a great choice. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer 
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer : I was wondering if you could provide some color, I noted that your development yields range you gave was roughly 5.5% to 7% can you just talk about what project, does that include redevelopment and then what would your yield have to be to start a new project in this environment.  
Mark Wallis :  The upper end, one of the pre-sale I mentioned that we were scheduled to close later in 2009, that was in the 7 to 7.25 underwriting and actually its owned by the developer now but its performing at pro forma but most of the remaining redevelopment deals are going to be at the higher end of the range, the 5.5 is going to be more of the Marina Del Ray type asset that is at the lower end of the range. 
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer : What’s kind of a targeted one that you’d have to see looking ahead, based on your current cost of capital. 
Mark Wallis : I think that’s a tougher question to answer today, I said we don’t anticipate any starts right now and I think the main reason even though we see markets like DC that are very healthy is where the clouds clear on cost of capital. Today most things are underwriting in the mid 6’s, toward 7. You have to just evaluate whether you think the markets you’re in, like a DC market is going to have long-term growth that justifies a bit lower going cap rate. I think you have to get today, we’re not starting anything and it has to be at least north of the 6.5 but I always hesitate to give that as a blanket answer because there are some markets where it might be a different answer.  Also I might just mention on development one thing that is happening right now, I mentioned we’re engaged in doing some design work, planning on a couple of sites and engaging with general contractors, prices for hard cost are dropping as fast as they’ve dropped in 20 years, maybe longer. Hard cost probably are at least 15% off on a first [lush] meaning what they were 90 days ago. So how that plays out, that’s obviously making the yields get better and then depending on how the credit markets resolve what the cost of capital is you may see yields get better because of that factor. 
Thomas Toomey : You also look at buying assets in a particular market and we’re seeing assets come across where expectation prices are in the 6 cap rates inside of DC, California, those types of markets and so if you wanted a spread to the risk over what you could buy assets for, you’re going to have to be talking about 7’s or better and so I just think its something you just keep watching. Its not a discipline that you just abandon or start up and stop, we’ll keep shopping it. If we start something we’d be glad to defend the decision to our investors and to ourselves. But right now we’re not seeing the numbers cross that make sense and you can’t get out of that business, you have to keep plugging at it. And that’s what we’ll keep doing. 
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer : How much dilution do you expect to be in your numbers in 2009 as you lease up the current projects that you have from development. 
David Messenger : I’m not trying to think of it as terms of dilution because I just looked at it and said here’s what the NOIs are. 
Jerry Davis : We haven’t looked at it like that, we look at more in terms of adding pennies to FFO and to the bottom line as opposed to any kind of dilution from the earnings picture. 
Mark Biffert – Oppenheimer : Related to maintenance CapEx for 2009 what’s your projection per unit.
Jerry Davis : Our total recurring CapEx projection for 2009 is $675 a door. If you wanted to break that down to turnover CapEx which is predominantly floor coverings, we expect that portion of the $675 to be $210.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets 
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  In the guidance range you provided you indicated annualizing the fourth quarter running that forward what is the range of non-recurring tax benefit type gains and stuff that’s included in that range. 
David Messenger : If you’re taking the fourth quarter we’ve got about $0.02 in there from the tax benefit that we incurred I the fourth quarter. Going through my simple math example we’re looking at about a penny a quarter on the tax benefit. We’re going to keep evaluating the capital markets and keep watching operations to determine what else we go after in terms of debt repurchases or other capital activity. 
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  What is contemplated in guidance currently. 
David Messenger : We have the $0.03. 
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets:  In the same store assumptions you laid out, what are your unemployment assumptions and what is the sensitivity. 
Thomas Toomey : I’ve gotten a kick out of reading several of my peers trying to correlate a national unemployment number to their portfolio and the simple answer is its still a community by community, city by city business and we haven’t gotten so darn good that we can tell you the unemployment in the country is 7.6% and so our business is going to be X. We’ve built it three ways, which is bottom up and top down business plans by our assets, and guarantee the vast majority of our on site community people don’t look at the national unemployment picture.  I don’t think it bears a lot of effort or brain power to do it. That’s my answer. 
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Several of your peers have been rolling out ancillary income sources, bulk cable, improved billing and stuff, is there any plans to do that?
Jerry Davis : I can tell you we’ve looked at a few of those and I’m just not confident when you look at things like that, LA Waste for example that we looked at later in last year and that our residents are really to pay that extra amount of money for that right now. Plus it can drive up your expenses and if you’re really not truly getting paid for it you may fool yourself and think you are but your base rent deteriorates further.  On the cable, we believe our residents want the choice to pick what they want so we really haven’t gone to that level yet. We watch what some of our peers are doing but to date we haven’t committed to go that direction. 
Thomas Toomey : You also have to look at those contracts, as I recall a lot of them if the occupancy drops you’re still paying the same fixed cost. So its just a philosophical approach towards how we run it. I think it creates a window where you can advertise against that type of campaign where if you move in and you say listen you want the NFL network for Sunday, you can’t get it at XYZ property. At ours you can.  And I hate to say it, there’s a lot of people who are 25 years old who think like that and I’d rather get, I think its an important element of flexibility. I’d rather win on value of the asset and the service then by trying to force you to buy products from me. Last time I checked and I remember the internet and everybody was going to start selling clothes to the residents, that didn’t work out too well either. 
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: What’s your feeling as to when we start to recover at this point.
Thomas Toomey : I think this is what I have to see, I have to see a marked improvement in the lending and capital flow to get jobs started moving and this lag is going to be when you start to see capital moving its going to take six months after that for a jobs picture to start looking a bit brighter.  I’m unconvinced by the actions taken to date or those indicated that those are job generators or even capital flow generators. They look like a lot of spending with not a whole hell of a lot of getting capital flowing. It seems to me they’ve missed their chance, they should have shut down about half the damn banks, reopened them, and forced capital out the system that way. And what they’re going to is is some semi privatization/we’ll cover your losses game plan which is going to be confusing and hard for capital to start flowing through that system. I got very discouraged by what I just saw over the last week in terms of getting capital to flow which is also pushed back my prospects for job growth to start to occur. I hate to say it, I just washed 2009 away in watching what’s just occurred. I think our guidance reflects that, hope I’m wrong but that’s how I tend to think of it.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Unidentified Analyst 
Unidentified Analyst : On the dividend given your FFO forecast to repeat if you hit the low end and assuming it doesn’t fall out you’re inclined to pay the dividend in cash, if it does fall out would you more inclined to just cut the dividend but keep it in cash or pay of portion of it in stock. 
Thomas Toomey : Speaking personally and that’s a topic that is a executive level and Board decision, but the way I look at it today is I think you cut the dividend versus trying to give people paper that they’re just going to turn around and sell. It appears that, we’ll watch as people do more and more of this stock versus cash element. I see the trend going negative on that meaning more people will probably do it and the reaction of the street will be negative.  But I think you cut the darn dividend instead of just handing out paper. I think of our equity very, very cautiously. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Andrew Amculla – Unspecified Company]
[Andrew Amculla – Unspecified Company]: On the financing environment Fannie announced yesterday their intention to move more towards a securitization model as opposed to being a balance sheet lender in the multifamily arena, how do you think that’s going to effect the cost and availability of debt for you going forward. 
David Messenger : My view of Fannie and Freddie, has always been that is where their best strike zone is, is an accumulator of paper market and then offload it. The times where they’ve gotten to putting it on their balance sheet they confused their mission so I applaud that move and direction, think it’s a good policy decision and will put our cost of money more in line with what I think other securitized real estate sectors will be.  So will it potentially go up, I think there’s a uniqueness, the guaranty still appears to be evident and is going to be applied and that’s worth 50 to 75 basis points on the spread and so we’ll continue to enjoy that. We’ll see what investors’ appetites are in light of the single family paper getting remarked, multi family getting more volume out there. I don’t know what the, around the globe what the response is going to be but my indications would probably be rates go up versus go down.  
[Andrew Amculla – Unspecified Company]: You acquired a fairly healthy amount of assets in 2008 which will roll into the same store pool various quarters throughout this year, how different would you 2009 same store guidance be if all of the 2008 acquisitions were in the same store pool starting January 1.
Jerry Davis : I would say 100 basis points better because when you look at it quite a bit of that was our acquisitions were in the DC market, the Texas markets, and Dallas and Austin, but the big one was in Dallas, Northern California and Seattle so we bought one property in Southern California and we didn’t buy anything in Florida or Phoenix so yes, I would say probably, I don’t know if I’d say that one year’s worth of acquisitions would have pushed it up one point, but it definitely would have pushed it higher. 
[Andrew Amculla – Unspecified Company]: When you said 100 basis points is that on revenue or NOI. 
Thomas Toomey : NOI. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexander Goldfarb – Unspecified Company 
Alexander Goldfarb – Unspecified Company : Just going to your earlier comments about your taxable income for the year, if you could sell individual assets small assets, if there is market for those, why not continue to sell and if you have to pay a special cash dividend just go ahead and do that. 
Thomas Toomey : I’m not convinced the asset pricing today makes a lot of sense. We’ll be out there looking at our RE3 assets which we can sell without triggering a large tax liability. We’ll see what they price but it seems to me that you’re selling assets probably at the bottom of asset valuations and last time I checked that’s never a good thing. 
Alexander Goldfarb – Unspecified Company : Even if relative to your stock, if its still a better trade.  
Thomas Toomey : I think we’ll keep watching the spread. I notice where the stock is trading today, it’s probably trading at about an 8.5 cap versus selling assets at a 7, you’d probably start looking at that spread and saying that’s probably worth the risk even if you have to pay a bit of tax to move on. At some point the spread does widen to a point that it makes sense to do so, I would hope that people realize that 2008 we did shrink the size of our company and we thought it was a good time to do so. And we’re not afraid to continue that process if it means something that’s beneficial for our shareholders. I just don’t see it at this point, we’ll continue to monitor it, if that spread stays that way I’m certain it will enter into more of our active. 
Alexander Goldfarb – Unspecified Company : On the debt side the repayment of the Fannie credit facility with the one-time prepayment penalty what were the thoughts behind that and then as you look to buying back debt, are you more focused on the maturity of the debt or the discount. 
Warren Troupe : On the repayment it allowed us to take $139 million that was in 2010 now to 2018 allowed us to reduce the interest rate on that which I think was around 6% to 4.8%. So it made a lot of economic sense both from a expanding the facility we got $400 million in the facility, plus lowered the interest rate. 
Thomas Toomey : Through a lot of technicalities normally you would take that facility, the prepayment and roll it over to the new facility and amortize it over the remaining 10 year period. And the simple answer was is Warren and his team did such a great job of negotiating the terms that the accountants deemed it a complete reworking of the facility and not an extension and as a result we just faced the accounting oddity of having to expense it so either way great decision when you lower it a couple of hundred basis points over a 10 year piece of paper and got the expansion feature in play.  So looking at our debt, in terms of are we targeting discount or maturity and there’s not question about it we’re focused primarily first category is on the short-term maturities but we’re shopping the entire spectrum of our debts for discounts. We’re finding sellers. And we’re going to continue to do that and it seems to me it would be a good trade taking 10 year debt from Fannie and Freddie and buying up two year maturities at 20% off or 30% off.  I think we’ll keep doing that. I think the market’s dislocated enough that its still there and probably will persist for some period of time. Ironically I do have to laugh a bit at the most recent government’s pitch which is six months ago they wanted the tax to hedge funds and then make their comp transparent, and now what they want to do is underwrite them and guarantee their returns.  So what can happen in six months is bizarre. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Kareen Forest – Unspecified Company]
[Kareen Forest – Unspecified Company]: Just a clarification on the dividend is the plan for 2009 to reduce the regular quarterly down from $0.33 per share in 2008 in to $0.30.5 in 2009?
David Messenger : We’re not reducing the dividend we considered it more of a restatement of the dividend that when we went through the stock, the special dividend and had the stock issuance, we restated all of our prior year activities in all prior periods so accordingly that $0.33 dividend gets restated to $0.30.5. 
[Kareen Forest – Unspecified Company]: But going forward a shareholder should expect that for every share they’re going to get $0.30.5. 
David Messenger : Correct and they also have more shares, so the aggregate dividends they receive will be the same or go up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird 
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird : Could you review the terms and conditions under which you can exercise the extension options of the debt maturities this year and next and further could you tell us whether the later extension opportunities could be contingent upon extending the earlier ones. So for example if you fully utilized all the ones available in 2009 and 2010 does that impact your ability to utilize extensions in 2011 and beyond. 
Warren Troupe : On the Fannie Mae facilities we just have an absolute right of extension and there are separate facilities and we can add properties to them, pull down $275 or add properties and pull down $140, they are not contingent on one being [inaudible] before the other. With respect to the one such as the Marina Del Ray loan which is in 2009 that’s just an absolute extension right that we have. Its two one year extensions. And with all of the other construction loans its just an absolute right at our sole discretion. 
Paula Poskon – Robert W. Baird : What are you seeing in terms of early lease terminations, and correspondingly an average length of stay. 
Jerry Davis : I can tell you the lease terminations are roughly about what they were last year. I haven’t seen a large variance. You’ll see some people that have a job loss and break their lease. And some of those situations you have to write off the balance because they’re not going to pay whereas in previous years you would see people moving because of job relocations and their new employer would pay that lease break but its been fairly stable.  As far as normal length of stay, we don’t track that specifically. But I think most of our residents still tend to sign a nine to 12 month leases. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Swett – KBW 
Steve Swett – KBW : Last quarter you had an attachment in the supplemental where you had some land positions identified and some operating communities you were looking at redeveloping, and some of those have slid into the active pipeline it looks like but the other ones I don’t see listed anymore in the supplemental, are those still land positions you hold, are you still capitalizing costs related to those.
Mark Wallis : There are still land positions that we do hold and I mentioned that on three of those we are still working entitlements and doing predeveloped planning so appropriately those costs are capitalized. So there’s no real significant change there other then we’re trying to communicate from a volume commitment standpoint of new construction and the cap requirements associated with that that may have been misinterpreted in the past that we are not, we will tell you we’re start to deal with those, they are not going to be started until the as mentioned earlier the financial markets are in line on the deal and it looks like the appropriate yield.  And as I mentioned too there is quite a dynamic market right now where costs could do much better and we’ll see how that plays out. 
Steve Swett – KBW : Did you indicate how much the accounting adjustment on the exchangeable notes would be.
David Messenger : We have not, we’re looking at that right now. For 2009 we estimate its going to be between $0.04 and $0.05 for the year. We’ll keep that broken out on the face of the income statement as a separate line item so you can easily see it and we don’t try to mix up the interest expense. 
Steve Swett – KBW : Its not in the guidance.
David Messenger : No it is not. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Bragg - Merrill Lynch
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: On the guidance range the bottom end of the range 123, that does include the 3%, that repurchase gain from the first quarter and it also assumes negative 5% NOI growth. 
David Messenger :  Correct.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch:  And then to get to the top end of the range, what does that assume, negative 3% NOI growth and does it assume any other one-time items?
David Messenger : Its assuming we’re more active in the debt markets and repurchasing our short longer term debt as well as the operations coming in better then the 5%, 3% being on the high end of that range. 
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch:  And is there a quantifiable level of the debt repo gains that get you to the $1.35?
David Messenger : No, we were just saying that if you split it, its $0.06 on each side, $0.06 from operations, you pick up another $0.06 from debt repurchases, that gives you the $0.12. 
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: What are you assuming for G&A for the year.
David Messenger : An 8% decrease probably comes in somewhere around $35, $37 million.  
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Thomas Toomey : Thank all of you. We think we’re moving in the right direction. I think our business is well prepared for the current uncertainty in this environment and that you’ve got a team that’s focused on knocking off its list and moving forward. We’ll see many of you in the upcoming weeks at Investor conferences and look forward to those meetings as well.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Larry D. Thede - Vice President - Investor Relations Thomas W. Toomey - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Jerry Davis - Senior Vice President - Property Operations W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President David L. Messenger - Chief Financial Officer Warren L. Troupe - Senior Executive Vice President, General Counsel
Analysts: Analyst for Michael Bilerman - Citigroup David Bragg - Merrill Lynch Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs [Michelle Coe] - UBS [Simiti Yupatia - CR Capital Markets] Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets [Mark Ziffert] - Oppenheimer & Co. Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Hondo Lee Ute
Operator: Welcome to the UDR third quarter earnings conference call. During today’s presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be opened for questions. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded today Tuesday, November 4, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Larry Thede, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Larry D. Thede: Thanks to all of you for joining us for our third quarter financial results conference call. Our third quarter press release and our supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday and posted to our website. In the supplement we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. We’ll begin the call with management comments and then open the call to your questions. I’d like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in yesterday’s press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. Before I turn the call over to Tom, let me mention that we’re hosting a Los Angeles Property Tour on November 18, the day prior to the NAREIT Conference. You can find the sign-up form on the Investor Relations tab of our website and please call me if you have questions. I’ll now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey: Thank you again for joining us today to discuss our third quarter results and our tactics during these volatile times. Joining me on the call is Mark Wallis, Warren Troupe, David Messenger and Jerry Davis. Today is a very important day as we finally arrive at the conclusion of the election and begin to answer the question of what policies are going to be implemented over the next four years. For those who are a little less intense and cannot bear the media coverage of the election tonight, the movie Get Smart comes out on DVD. Overall the third quarter was a good quarter. Our operations performed on plan in spite of deteriorating fundaments. We raised over $300 million in equity and debt and recently renegotiated a 2010 maturing credit facility extending the maturity to 2018 increasing the size at a blended rate of 4.8%. This proves that even in a volatile market capital is available for well-capitalized companies who can move quickly. We completed the deployment of our exchange fund with the acquisition of five communities for $286 million. We also completed over 1,000 homes or nearly $200 million in development and redevelopment. Lastly, we finalized the special dividend at $132 million to be paid in January 2009. On the subject of the economy it is very easy to be caught up in the minute-by-minute data but I might suggest a couple key points. Yes, the capital markets are volatile but with unprecedented action taken by the government and the potential for more to come on so many fronts, we have to keep in mind that these actions will take some time to change the course of our economy. But they will change the course. The recession, they all come and they all pass. No segment of the economy will escape. Over the last 60 years we have endured 10 recessions and they’ve lasted anywhere from eight to 16 months each. When our management team backs up and looks at today’s economic environment, we realize we cannot predict what will happen but we can prepare. While it might be easy to sit back and let the recession and capital markets run their course, we have been adjusting our tactics to ensure we manage the capital markets and recessions to prepare UDR to take advantage of the inevitable opportunities. Let me turn the call over to Jerry Davis and the rest of the team to discuss specific areas.
Jerry Davis: While our third quarter operating results of 3.4% revenue growth and 6.6% expense growth are not as strong as previous quarters, they are what we expected and what we previously communicated they would be. Revenues will continue to moderate in our market as the economies worsen. Expenses were up quite a bit this quarter due to very low comparisons in the third quarter of 2007. That being said if you look at our year-to-date numbers, our revenue was increased 4.1%, expenses were up 1.7% and NOI has grown by 5.3%. I would like to point out that we do see further deceleration in revenue growth in the fourth quarter and we once again will be challenged in expense growth due to very low comparisons from the fourth quarter of 2007. These are related to low insurance expense as well as favorable real estate tax adjustments we took in the fourth quarter of 2007. When we look at our revenue growth in the third quarter of 3.4%, it is important to realize that Florida which makes up 17% of our same-store NOI experienced a 1.5% revenue decline. If you throw out Florida’s results, like I’m sure Al Gore wishes he could have done eight years ago, our revenue growth was 4.7%. Our strongest markets continue to be in Northern California where job growth has been 1.1% to date and new supply has been limited. While we have felt a softening in Southern California, we continue to feel that our superior locations at the right price points have enabled us to continue to outperform the market in Orange County. Our coastal locations west of the 405 Freeway continued to be where people want to live in Orange County. I’d like to remind everyone that the average Orange County occupancies have historically not fallen below 93%. Prior to moving to Denver a year ago, I ran this portfolio for UDR. I can tell you from personal experience that besides superior locations at the right price point and a very seasoned operating team running those properties, we have continued to invest in these properties both on their exteriors and interiors. With the average property in Orange County being over 30 years old, and that’s not just us, that’s the entire inventory of the County, and most of the product being privately owned we are confident that our properties are in better condition than our competition and we will continue to outperform the market as we have over the past four years. Finally, Florida continues to suffer from an oversupply of housing, both apartments as well as single family. While we have begun to see some encouraging signs recently in Tampa, we are concerned about future job losses that could hit all of the Florida markets. Occupancy for same-store communities for the third quarter was 95.1%. That’s 10 basis points higher than last year. 13 of our 22 markets were the same or higher than last year. Also on our occupancy report that we produce weekly, last week our same-store communities were still at 95.1% physically occupied which is flat with the same week last year. Now to the expense side. We reported growth this quarter of 6.6%. This increase was primarily caused by an increase in insurance expense of 59%. Because we self-insure up to a cap, we can experience quarterly swings in our insurance experience based on our loss experience. Last year in the third quarter we had very low losses while this quarter we had several fires as well as some claims from Hurricane Fay in Florida. I would like to point out that on the year-to-date basis our insurance expense is actually down 27%. Insurance makes up only 7% of our total expenses.  During the quarter the remaining expense categories were up a combined 3.8%. Marketing costs continue to decline as we see more and more traffic and ultimately leasing and move-ins coming from Internet sources. In September we saw 55% of our move-ins originate through the Internet. This is up from 43% last September. Our website www.udr.com is on pace to have 1.6 million unique visitors this year. This is roughly double what it was in 2007. We’ve continued to work hard to make it easier for our customers to find us and do business with us both through www.udr.com as well as our mobile sites, through social networking sites such as MySpace and more recently on our iPhone enhanced website. Now looking to turnover. Our resident turnover is flat for both the year and the quarter. For the quarter it was 67.2% and year-to-date it stands at 60.2%. Also, move-outs to home purchases have continued to go down. In the third quarter it was 13.1%. That compares to 15.5% in last year’s third quarter. The average rent of a UDR apartment is roughly 59% the mortgage payment on an average entry-level home. Looking to the future, we know we’re facing a recession. That being said I’d like to point out a few things. First. Our properties are well located in markets where the price difference between renting and owning remains wide. Second. We have a very experienced operating team running our properties. Each of our area vice presidents has well over 20 years of experience. They have operated through challenging economic cycles and they know how to adjust their strategies. Third. We have focused much of our technology efforts on the front end of our business. We have the best website in the industry and we are constantly working to find new ways to drive more traffic to www.udr.com. Finally. We have and will continue to invest in our real estate. Over the next year we expect to see private owners who control over 75% of the national apartment supply starve their properties of capital. We believe this will enable us to better hold on to our existing residents as well as attract new customers. In closing, I’d like to thank my fellow associates for all of their dedication to making UDR top performing in the REIT group. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Mark.
W. Mark Wallis: I’m going to cover our strategy of strengthening the portfolio which involves acquisitions, dispositions, development and redevelopment. If you have the earnings supplement in front of you, attachments 8 through 10 cover the data I’m going to be talking about. First I’ll discuss the acquisitions that were closed in the third quarter. We successfully completed our acquisitions that we had targeted to deploy the 1031 exchange funds that were generated from the $1.7 billion sale that was closed this past March. We added homes in San Jose, Mercer Island and Austin. These are markets that are still showing decent rent growth and have traditionally shown long-term job growth with their employment based on strong tech companies and state government. We also closed on two pre-sell assets in Phoenix and Tampa. These were contracted for over two years ago. These development pre-sells were structured in such a way that we were able to utilize them in the 1031 exchange without having to spend new additional funds in that exchange. In addition you’ll note we were able to purchase a fully entitled development site near downtown Los Angeles. This is a future development. We’re currently making tweaks to the unit designs and will commence construction only upon successfully arranging construction financing. Second I want to speak to our development pipeline. Please note that we’ve reorganized the attachments 8 through 11 in order to give a better and hopefully clearer picture of development activity. [Mark Caldwell], who heads our development now, and I have experienced several downturns in the market and those downturns have made a significant impact on development including the severe S&L banking crisis that occurred in the late 80s and early 90s. While there are differences in that downturn compared to this one, that experience taught us to keep your development pipeline as scalable as possible. Now what does that mean? First. Have centralized control of your development activities. Don’t build up a big overhead in decentralized markets. This makes it very easy to stop building in a particular market and takes away the temptation to keep building in a market to cover overhead in that city and keep the office open. Our strategy at UDR has been to keep our development activities concentrated in our Dallas office. Really with today’s technology and construction management software we can very effectively manage development from our central Dallas location. This gives us more flexibility to right size our development efforts. Second. Warehouse as much of your land inventory as possible. You’ll note on attachment 10 that we have $139.6 million invested in [inaudible] that can be converted to $1.1 billion of future development when the lending markets are available and the market turns up. In the interim we clipped the coupons on the existing week’s revenue on these. For example, I’ll point out that Summit at Mission Bay’s a 323 home community; it’s well located in San Diego; has views of the bay; but it’s an old structure that eventually will be torn down and replaced with a new lead certified building that will contain 504 homes. Currently it’s yielding us over 9% on our investment. We will harvest the value from the increased density when the timing is right but we’re under no pressure to start today. Third, even though the long-term fundamentals look good, right size your portfolio to the construction money that is available in the market. Our active pipeline today amounts to $342 million and will require only $20 million of equity dollars funded by UDR. If we obtain financing for the three deals listed on attachment 10, development subject to financing, that will increase the active pipeline to $610 million with only an additional $8 million of equity funding required from UDR. We believe that a $400 million to $600 million pipeline that’s financed and delivering primarily into late 2010 and 2011 is properly sized for the market in our enterprise. This pipeline could have been much larger but we have chosen to scale back to this level and will be able to easily scale back up as the markets recover. Fourth, don’t become myopic and assume a recession will last forever. Development’s a long-term strategy and requires looking beyond the current one to two-year window. The year 2011 is stacking up and looking to be one of the best years in recent history for the multifamily industry, and here are the reasons why I think that. First, supply is relatively in check today and multifamily construction starts are plummeting. It looks like the annual levels that should go below 200,000 homes annually next year. That’s really a historic low. Second, demographics are in our favor. Our major markets still have population growth and the [inaudible] ranks are swelling in 2010 and 2011. Third, jobs which are now in decline but with the stimulus that has been put into the worldwide economy most expect a dramatic job growth recovery beginning in 2010 and possibly in full swing by 2011. So with supply not meeting demand, favorable demographics, potential dramatic job growth, 2011 should be a very good year in which we’ll be delivering new competitive multifamily developments. Let me just wrap up my portion by saying that our portfolio is stronger with the successful $1.7 billion sale and the completion of our 1031 acquisitions that added new product in core market locations. We will continue to add new product through an appropriately sized and financed development and redevelopment program. I’ll now turn the call over to Dave.
David L. Messenger: During the third quarter we took a number of tactical steps to strengthen our balance sheet. Our primarily objective given current market conditions is to ensure that we have sufficient capital near obligations through 2010 and beyond. In addition we want to maintain sufficient flexibility to take advantage of market opportunities. Let me summarize our recent activities. In July we repurchased 400,000 shares of our common stock as part of our previously announced stock repurchase program. As we move further into the quarter the market and our stock price experienced unprecedented levels of volatility. We’ve taken advantage of that volatility to capitalize on certain market opportunities. For example in august and September we repurchased $27 million of our medium term notes for a gain of $2.5 million and we also repurchased 969,000 shares of our Series G preferred stock at a yield of 8.1% and a 16% discount to PAR. In October we issued 8 million shares of common stock at a price of $24.25 per share at almost 27% premium to yesterday’s close and we raised $194 million. On November 28 we are scheduled to close on an expanded Fannie Mae credit facility. This facility will replace our current $139 million facility that matures in 2010. The new facility will have an expanded commitment up to $300 million and a maturity of 2018. Warren will provide some additional details on this facility momentarily. Next, our debt maturity schedule and how we’re addressing it today. With the closing of the Fannie Mae facility our current cash balance and receipt of the proceeds from the $200 million note in mid-2009, we expect to be able to satisfy all of our debt maturities in 2009 without having to draw on our $600 million revolver. During 2010 we have $550 million coming due. With our new Fannie Mae facility we’ll move $139 million from 2010 to 2018. Now we have $411 million due in 2010. This amount could be further reduced to $360 million if certain extensions are elected. With $360 million due in 2010, I need to put that number in some perspective. During the last 45 days and in the next 30, our team will have raised in excess of $600 million in capital in what many consider to be the toughest capital markets we’ve seen in decades. That being said we have an 18-month head start on satisfying the 2010 maturities. We’re executing extensions where available and reviewing current market disparities. We continue to monitor the markets for opportunistically issuing new debt and if those opportunities do not arise, we can fully fund the 2010 maturities on our revolver.  We’ve demonstrated an ability to execute transactions despite difficult markets. To date, we’ve closed on the sector’s largest sale transaction and completed the sector’s largest equity offering. As market volatility continues we intend to continue to execute and continue to take advantage of these market disruptions. Now let me turn to guidance. As a result of these turbulent times, we’ve had to recalibrate our earnings expectations for the balance of the year. As you know we do not publish quarterly guidance as we continue to operate the company with a long-term view knowing that from time to time that will impact short-term results. Since our last guidance update the world has changed significantly. Today’s annual guidance change is based on three key factors. One. Slower than expected revenue growth at the end of the third quarter and start of the fourth and expense growth at the high end of the range that accounts for approximately $0.02. Second. We had lower-than-expected contributions from our JV partners since four of them planned lease-ups which also accounts for $0.02. Third. Dilution from our recent equity offering and the impact of lower returns on cash holdings due to our very conservative approach accounts for the final $0.02.  Accordingly, we’ve adjusted our full-year FFO guidance to a range of $1.45 to $1.47 per diluted share. We believe these short-term impacts to FFO will position us for success in the turbulent environment and support value creation over the long term. Now I’ll turn the call over to Warren.
Warren L. Troupe: On October 20 we signed a letter of commitment for a new $300 million facility with Fannie Mae which will mature in 2018. The new facility is being initially collateralized with six multifamily assets that will provide for initial loan advance with the commitment of approximately $224 million. UDR has spread-locked $154.8 million in the commitment at a blended rate of 4.3% and has also rate-locked $70 million in the commitment at a rate of 5.85% for an overall blended rate of 4.8%. Proceeds from the loan will be used to pay off an existing $139 million Fannie Mae facility that matures in April 2010 and the remaining proceeds will be retained to fund future capital needs of the company. We expect to close the new Fannie Mae facility by November 28, 2008. Secondly let me address the special dividend. As Tom said, we previously announced that as a result of the capital gains arising from property dispositions in 2008 we expect to declare a special dividend. The amount of the special dividend is expected to be $132 million and the company expects to pay the special dividend in conjunction with the company’s regular dividend for the quarter ended December 31, 2008. The special dividend will be payable in cash or a combination of shares of common stock and cash. We expect to formally declare the special dividend and set the record date later this month, and it is anticipated that the special dividend and the regular dividend for the quarter ended December 31 will both be paid on January 29.
Thomas W. Toomey: With that operator we’ll open up the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Analyst for Michael Bilerman - Citigroup.
Analyst for Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Can you talk a little bit about your revenue management systems and are you seeing dramatic decreases in rent levels as a form of concession relative to most of your markets?
Jerry Davis: We use yield star and we are seeing reductions in rent levels especially on new leases. What we’re really seeing as getting probably 2% to 3% increases on renewals but pretty much probably going backwards 1% on a new lease coming in the door. That varies a little market-to-market. It’s a little stronger in the Pacific Northwest as well as Northern California. In Florida we’re typically having to give away a little bit more than that. We’re pretty fortunate typically in Florida if we renew at flat.
Analyst for Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: What’s your tolerance level before you feel comfortable giving up occupancy? I guess the question is, how negative could you see that going before you’d give up occupancy as that ratio balances?
Jerry Davis: I hadn’t really thought of that. We’ve been able to really manage the portfolio pretty consistently throughout the year on the 94.5% to 95.5% range. Year-to-date we’re at 94.8%. There are a few markets it’s tough for us to get 95% especially in some of the Florida markets but fort the most part we feel like an occupied unit today is better than getting the rent growth.
Thomas W. Toomey: A couple things I might add. In this cycle and all other recessions that we’ve approached in the past, we’ve seen a lot of development occur. In fact the trigger has been an oversupply. There’s very little development going on. What is, is not probably going to be finished that quickly so we don’t have that big threat of oversupply at us so we think with the technology advances on being able to drive more traffic and literally buy traffic if you will, we’ll be able to sustain our occupancy levels at pretty good levels through this recession. Pricing, what Jerry pointed out, is as customers are becoming very sensitive to it and we have to fight it floor plan by floor plan, market by market.
Analyst for Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: With regard to your development pipeline, can you talk a little bit about whether concessions in your lease-up properties are coming in at pro forma levels, if you’re seeing any margin compression given where rents are in those markets?
W. Mark Wallis: In our Texas developments we’re at or above our pro forma. Anecdotally our projects in Houston made our target last month for leases with 30; we get 36 so obviously we’ve got some power there. I will say that in Florida that’s where we see some softness in concessions on the pre-sell. We have one that’s really not turned units yet but the one that has in Orlando, we’re about 90% leased but the concessions have been over our initial pro forma.
Warren L. Troupe: What are we giving? Six weeks on 12?
W. Mark Wallis: Yes. Six weeks on 12 but we’re at the top of the market as far as our rents, and from an overall performance standpoint it’s doing well. We have a small pre-sell that’s only 200 homes in Phoenix and we’re seeing similar activity there although the traffic’s actually better than we would have expected given the market in the last six months.
Thomas W. Toomey: Mark, why don’t you go down some of the occupancies or percentages leased on attachment 8? These were as of September. Are there any material changes between there and where we stand in November while you’re pulling that up?
W. Mark Wallis: Yes. If you look at the Marina Del Rey for example, it’s one of the lower ones, 37.9%. We’re now at about 50% there this month. The Laurelwoode deal in Houston is the one I mentioned that had the very strong leasing month. That’s now at over 62%. The deal in Phoenix, we’ve gotten to 50% there at the end of the month. So you can see those actually this last month have fairly decent leasing months and they were hitting their target activity. That gives you maybe a flair for how that’s going.
Analyst for Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Did you talk about your appetite for additional debt repurchasing going forward?
Thomas W. Toomey: I think the appetite is to continue to look at liquidity on some of these bond holders and other forms of securities. We’re getting daily calls and solicitations from them about buying our debts back at substantial discounts from where they’re trading today. We feel like that will continue to grow between now and the end of the year. We think that as you can see Fannie and Freddie are still open for business and if we can borrow money under 5% from them and we can go back and buy debt that is of greater yield than the 5%, then that’s not a bad use of that credit facility from Fannie. That’s one option we’re looking at but I would expect us to continue to look at that market and find out where it’s inefficient for us to be jumping in there and creating some value. Last time I checked in life if I could buy back my debt at $0.70 on the dollar, I’m doing pretty good.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bragg - Merrill Lynch.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to ask a few more questions on development and specifically Tom, I wanted to get your thoughts about the relationship between development yields and cap rates and how you see that changing going forward? I remember on last quarter’s call you talked about a spread of 100 to 150 basis points and obviously we’re in a different world today so it’d be great to get your update on how that relationship has changed on both ends and what you can see happening over the next couple years?
W. Mark Wallis: I’ll start and Tom will chime in here. We’ve been at this a long time as far as the development industry and I think that basis point spread that you talked about, 125 to 150, really is still holding in there in our opinion. How could that be possible given all that’s going on? There’s always probably submarket exceptions somewhere where somebody’s overbuilt the submarket but as Tom talked about this downturn is probably different from the big one we had or referred to in 1990 because that was not only bank driven although the bank situation probably was smaller, it was supply driven. A lot of deals were tax indication deals. That’s how the multifamily industry was financed. Today supply is more in check and I think that’s holding that spread. The cap rates going in yields may change as the market changes but I don’t see the spread changing dramatically unless you’re in a particular market that’s been dramatically overbuilt or maybe just has a huge overhang of some nature happening there, a big vacancy overhang. But we don’t have anything to point to to speak to a fundamental change there today.
Thomas W. Toomey: I think Mark’s summarized it correctly.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Just to follow up on that, if we think about acquisition cap rates clearly have moved up over the last quarter since we last talked about that and it’s debatable at what degree, but then you think about penciling out rent rate potential declines, are you seeing a decline in replacement costs?
W. Mark Wallis: I’ll speak to a couple of those points. One. What we’ve experienced up until the last six months on construction costs was dramatic increases; hard costs moving 30% up off pro forma’s that were done nine months ago. That’s correcting itself in a dramatic way. I think construction costs are getting back in line but they’re certainly not moving where replacement cost is below quote what you can buy for. I think replacement cost is still a good measure to look at things. That’s how we look at both acquisitions and development. And then there’s a presumption that pro cap rates have changed. In visiting this week with [Matt Akin] who heads up our acquisition and disposition activities who’s in the market every day I said, “Matt, where are we today in your view if you were asked that question?” He said, “The bid ask is pretty wide.” My view might be a little more focused on newer assets; we’re not talking about C assets or secondary markets, that’s another subject even though there’s not as many trades going on there, but in those markets Fannie actually still is available to private buyers and Matt said, “We still see some transactions happening there.” But in the upper end of the market, I’m looking at a schedule. We track deals even though we’re not in the market to buy today, we track deals every month. I’ve got half a dozen; a dozen deals max of decent quality. None of these assets are priced when they’re marketed so you have sellers hoping, still sticky on their sale prices and buyers; they’re not meeting and things aren’t trading. That may be a deduction that cap rates have changed but until we start seeing trades for high quality products, it’s hard to say. And the other thing is there’s not much product out there. So it’s hard to say how much cap rates have in fact moved although I think the general wisdom out there, everyone says they’ve probably moved maybe 50 basis points. But I can’t point to a trade that backs it up. That’s sort of a long-winded answer but that’s kind of an overview.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: Mark, just to follow up on some of David’s questions there. Some of the recent published reports even for your markets and some of the comments your peers have made on the calls have suggested that land prices have fallen anywhere from 20% to 30% from the mid-to-high rise properties and 50% for garden properties. Should we just infer from your comments that you’re not seeing that?
W. Mark Wallis: I’ll say this. I think number one, entitled land sites are for sale. That’s different. You couldn’t touch entitled land sites. Those sites you probably can get a 5% better price on today. You can only speak to your own particular experience so I’ll say we had a site we were looking at in the general area of Southern California; pretty good site; near rapid transit. We attempted to renegotiate that land price in due diligence on the theory that probably we were only one of the few buyer’s in the market. The seller did not hesitate to terminate the due diligence period and go on to the next buyer. If you’re talking sites that are not entitled that are further out, that aren’t near a metro stop, I’m sure those prices are softer and probably someone could throw up an example of one that’s 20% off but we don’t see that across the board. We do see people who spent money on entitled types probably writing some of their planned costs off and some of their pursuit costs off wanting to sell those sites. So depending on how you interpret that percentage, there are a few of those that are available.
Thomas W. Toomey: It’s tough to always throw a blanket over a statement. The natural thought would be is people that borrowed heavily, that are out in the burbs, are speculating on land going up have obviously gotten burned and they’re trying to cut their prices. The core on-transportation hubs in urban areas, if dirt’s coming down, Mark had the right idea. It’s 5%. It’s not material. Construction costs; I was talking with a couple other people running California REITs as well as development private companies and they’re saying their construction costs are coming down 10% to 15%. If you take those two combined and you say your rents are coming off on your forecast instead of growth of 5% and now you’re having to say 2% in some of those markets, believe it or not your returns are holding up. There’s just not enough volume of activity to really draw any more than generalities to this. The point is we’ve outlined our development and the optionality of moving in to it, continuing it should funding be available, and if it’s not we’re happy to just warehouse it and live on the NOI that it generates today. We’re not going to go out and just develop because we feel compelled to. We’re going to develop because we think it’s a responsible use of our capital. It has to compete with other uses including buying back the debt, including acquisitions. We’re about trying to build the right company for the long term and we’re not going to abandon any one effort over another. We’re going to compete them against each other.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: As you think about the redevelopment program and the kitchen and bath specifically, it’s been a pretty big driver of returns. It looks like there’s nothing beyond the first quarter from looking at the supplemental. Are you guys basically just shutting down redevelopment here as it becomes more difficult to push rents at a level necessary to achieve your target IRRs and conserving capital for some of the more opportunistic investments that you outlined?
W. Mark Wallis: A couple things. One, we finished a lot in our portfolio so naturally we knew the number was going to go down. On the redevelopment we’re concentrating on a couple of deals that we want to do out in California, but the permitting, entitlement process out there which you would think would be a routine redevelopment is very lengthy. So that’s delayed. That just means we’re going to keep them leased up longer on the current status. We’re not abandoning that process. We have a couple of longer term entitlement processes that a lot of times our teams working on the eastern half of the country is going to take them probably 10 month to get those done. So they’re actually all working. We’ll add a couple in California when those permits are available.  On kitchen and baths we’re cutting back. Jerry may want to comment on that because it obviously ties into his work. We’re trying to be prudent about where we should do those kitchens.
Jerry Davis: What I would add to that is several years ago we were doing 500 a month. That was one of your larger portfolios. In 2008 we’ve been averaging about 200 kitchens and baths a month. We’re probably projecting next year it’s going to go down to about 150. Part of that is it’s harder to get the return. The other part is a lot of the product that is coming on notice that we have the opportunity to do the kitchen and bath has already had a kitchen and bath done. So we just kind of run out of product.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: Are there any additional one-time gains as it stands today that we should expect in the fourth quarter from either additional debt repurchases or preferreds?
David L. Messenger: At this time like Tom said, we’re evaluating where we stand within the market place where we’re looking at the different opportunities. As of today we’ve not done anything.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: I was curious on the expense growth. You mentioned the pickup obviously for the quarter but given the challenges you’ll likely face into 2009 just given the tough comps of the existing year, is it fair to say that the expense growth rate will likely persist?
Jerry Davis: We really haven’t gotten too far into our budget process. I don’t know if we really want to give guidance for 2009.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: In terms of comps year-over-year?
Jerry Davis: Comps year-over-year, I don’t expect to have bad comps with real estate taxes like we’re going to have in the fourth quarter this year. I think on the insurance front it’ll probably even itself out. Utilities, gas prices have come down. We should be in pretty good shape there. I think what you’re going to see is a more normalized rate on a more consistent basis but again any time you self insure on insurance, it can cause fluctuations on a quarterly basis.
Thomas W. Toomey: Insurance is one topic, it’s 7%, but if you think about the primary drivers of our expense growth and you look out to next year, start with real estate taxes. You’ve got 45% of the NOI coming from California. Real estate tax is our largest expense so they’re capped at 2.9%. You’ve got to think, “If I’ve got the other 55%, what do taxes look like?” That’s going to average right around a little bit over 3% or 3.5%. Payroll, our associates know it’s a tough job market. We’ve done a good job on the benefits area so that number probably comes in at a 3% just to peg it. And utilities; people forget that 87% of our utilities are born by our residents. Of the remaining 13% it’s probably our third largest expense category and you had a spike this last year and probably won’t have a recurrence of that spike going into next year so that’s probably going to be a more manageable number. This year it probably came in at 4%. It’ll probably be better than that in my view. Probably 80% of your cost structure just in those three or four line items, and you hear a lot of, “Well, around 3%.” That’s probably this business and this portfolio on a long-term basis. I can’t see next year any unusual spikes. I think we’re going to be fortunate to get our insurance renewal done in December before the market runs out of capacity next year and that’ll probably give us a chance. On the other front, marketing and admin, staffing areas, the technology that we’ve deployed is a long about the front end of our business attracting more customers, and I think as we move further and further into the implementation of that we’ll continue to shrink our marketing costs and find other ways to become more efficient in our staffing model. I think Jerry and his group have a pretty good plan. They want to go through their detailed efforts but I’m not going to say that next year looks like a heavy expense year at this point. We’re not going to continue. This portfolio’s been doing real well and they’ve been doing great at keeping it at 2% to 2.5%, and I think we’ll probably revert more to the normal 3%.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: In terms of an outlook here, I guess focusing on California, given the recession concerns you highlighted and risks that unemployment move up perhaps as much as 200 basis points from here, can you just give us your thoughts in terms of coastal California? You did mention thus far it’s been holding up well but how do you see that market relative to the national average?
Jerry Davis: I think everything we’re seeing is that job loss is probably going to be a little harder hit in California than the national average. But we do like our markets, our locations; we like our prices. We really haven’t been directly affected by too many job losses to date but there could be an effect coming. I will tell you we’ve experienced a little bit of doubling up; one bedroom guys going into two bedrooms together in Orange County. But it’s interesting when you look at our occupancy across floor plans. They’re all right around 95%. It’s pretty consistent. Right now we haven’t felt any softness really up in Northern California to date. Seattle depends on which jobs you’re dependent on. A lot of our new product up there is in Belleview and Microsoft is about to move in right next door to our property so we feel like there’s a lot of jobs coming in there. It’s kind of specific to the properties. To date, have we felt in coastal Orange County a decline? Yes. You can see it in our numbers. Our revenue growth has been shrinking over the last couple of quarters but we still feel like we’re better suited to handle that market than our competition. The other thing we feel is one thing we do better than most people, especially in California which is older product and it’s very privately owned, is we have continued to invest in the interiors as well as the exteriors. We just think as our competition starves their assets, even if there’s some job loss, people that want a good apartment to live in are going to flock to us.
Jonathan Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Focusing on development for a second, in the event that cap rates do move up higher over the next 12 months, would you anticipate or do you think that there’s some risk that some of the projects you currently have slated for that 2010, 2011 or beyond would get reconsidered or possibly drop off?
W. Mark Wallis: If you look at what we’ve outlined there, we’ve got today $342 million underway; we’ve gotten approved financing on [Signal Hill], we’ll start that; and then the rest of the last we just will look at as the market unfolds. What I was trying to communicate is this is a very scalable development pipeline. $350 million to $550 million or so of development for an enterprise this size scattered among several markets is what we should be doing for the long term but we’re not going to scale up until some of these clouds go away when the financial markets get a little more clarity to them. To answer your question, we’re going to be careful about it.
Thomas W. Toomey: I would add, take a hard look at attachment 10. You can see Barc’s pipeline of warehouse opportunities is $1.1 billion but it’s on our books for $140 million. We’ve got $11 million of NOI coming off that $140 million. We’ll just sit on it. We think we’ve got great dirt, great communities situated where we want to ultimately develop, but if the returns aren’t there and the returns are greater at buying other investments, these opportunities will continue to sit in the warehouse. As Mark highlighted earlier, this economy’s going to turn around. In ’10 or ’11 you’re going to be asking us what we are doing to grow our enterprise. And the simple answer is, and we’re going to be 60 days away from turning these back on and building in the right market with the right product, we think we’ll get good returns. That’s the way experienced developers handle themselves. Merchant builders go out and lock up lots of land, borrow until their teeth bleed and then keep building because t hat’s the only damn thing they can do. Experienced people buy it; they option it; they warehouse it; and when the right time comes, they have the financial and the technical skills to deliver it. So spend a little bit of time really looking at 10 and you’ll understand our psychology about development.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Michelle Coe] - UBS.
[Michelle Coe] - UBS: Earlier in the call you mentioned that you had taken down guidance partly because you were seeing slower revenue growth at the end of 3Q and beginning of 4Q. I was wondering if you could expand upon that a little bit more and tell us which markets you think are deteriorating going forward?
Jerry Davis: I wouldn’t say any are really deteriorating. I would just say they’re all getting marginally worse to a degree. You don’t see any that are going to be getting higher from this past quarter’s growth over 3Q when you compare 4Q to 4Q. Florida continues to struggle. We have seen Jacksonville get a little bit worse than the last three to four months. Phoenix has probably gotten more hurt in the last four months than any of our other portfolios. Luckily we only have 1,000 units there.  But the remainder of the portfolio is just coming down a couple percent of growth. Earlier in the year we were at 10% let’s say or more in Northern California and Seattle. It’s getting down into the 7% or 8% but I wouldn’t say it’s a massive deterioration. They’re all coming down a couple percent.
[Michelle Coe] - UBS: Given that we believe fundamentals are worse than next year and cash flows could be less than anticipated, how secure do you feel about your dividends going forward?
Thomas W. Toomey: I’m very confident in the dividend, very confident in the company’s ability to fund it and that’s where we stand.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Simiti Yupatia - CR Capital Markets].
[Simiti Yupatia - CR Capital Markets]: I was looking at the bad debt side and it was up a lot sequentially. Can you provide some color on that? Is that more of a seasonal thing?
Jerry Davis: A little bit of a seasonal thing. When you look at it sequentially, we run a special with our collection agency every year in April to try to get people that have skipped on us in the past that owe us to give us a portion of their tax refund back. We run a sale on what they owe us. Typically you’re going to see second quarter be our lowest of the year. That would really more explain the jump up in 3Q if you’re looking at it sequentially.
[Simiti Yupatia - CR Capital Markets]: Can you provide some color on foreclosure activities in some of the major markets that you’re seeing?
Jerry Davis: They’re continuing to go up, that’s for sure; a couple hundred percent year-over-year. When you look at either the Inland Empire or Phoenix or L.A., the biggest problem markets are in the Inland Empire. Again, luckily we only have two or three assets there. We’ve been able to do pretty well. We’re not seeing a lot of foreclosed homeowners flocking to multifamily. We think they’re heading to the shadow market of single family homes that are being rented out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: Building upon Michelle’s earlier question, Tom are there markets that have been persistently strong or weak for that matter in the past few quarters that you see approaching a peak or bottom in the next 12 to 18 months that might lead you to change your thinking about capital allocation in this areas?
Thomas W. Toomey: I think markets that we feel like we’re getting close to a bottom might surprise you, but Florida feels a little bit that way. Looking into next year and thinking about markets that’ll probably surprise you to the up might be D.C. You’re going to have a complete turnover of a lot of jobs and it turns out that all the former politicians become lobbyists and still stay there. That’s probably going to be an up. Texas more sideways probably. High fuel is driving a lot of its engine; it’s still got a robust economy but it’s not on fire at $65 a barrel as much as it was $140 a barrel. Moving across Southern California, we’re almost a different kind of market condition there because we’re west of the 405. I’d really encourage you to look at our website for details of where that’s at. It’s a pretty high employment area, stayable, if people lose a job they go find another one very close. We’ve got a good price point there. Technology I think in ’09, people are going to cut back on their technology spending and you’ll see San Francisco go from a high 10% revenue growth to half. In Seattle I wouldn’t want to bet against Google or Microsoft or Boeing; whoever wins and given their cash reserves and their plans to grow the enterprises. So I feel like Seattle’s still got another good year in it. So that’s kind of a mix in markets and how I feel about them. Jerry, any different thoughts?
Jerry Davis: I would agree. D.C. is lining up to look very good for next year from what we see.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: On the expense side Tom you were talking earlier about expense growth returning to a more normalized 3% pace. Do you think we achieve that more later in the year, because you potentially face some difficult comps in the first half of ’09 to the first half of ’08?
Thomas W. Toomey: You’ve kind of got this roller coaster and that’s why we’re not overly alarmed at year-over-year at 6.6% when we look at it and say it’s an insurance plan here and the trend on a year-to-date basis is 1.7%. That’s a pretty good trend. I’ve never as long as I’ve been at this focused on a quarter of expenses as much as I’ve looked at a trailing four and asked myself how that feels. I don’t think companies can continue to run well below 3% for long periods of time. Cost structure kicks up, contracts catch up; that’s just this business as long as I’ve been at it. I’ll tell you I’ll take it as long as you’ve got a 70% margin business, 3% revenue growth, expense growth isn’t an issue.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: That might be the answer then to my next question. A good bit of the increase you saw in Q3 expenses on the sequential basis was concentrated in the markets that are exhibiting the weakest fundamentals. What’s driving that and do you think that those weaker markets will come in line with your expense growth expectation next year?
Jerry Davis: When I look at the higher sequential expense growth markets, Jacksonville, some of that was higher turn. We did turn quite a few units in the third quarter versus the second. You always have to look at when do people move in and move out. Typically the summer is heavier and in the softer markets people have more options to move to and also those other options typically are more concessionary and they’re price driven so they’ll jump on you. Other than the insurance amounts, you had some repair and maintenance. Norfolk you had some higher utility costs. Sometimes that’s just the timing of when we pay the bills if it’s an every other month type deal. We’re pretty much on a cash basis with some of our utilities. Same thing in Phoenix. Even though turnover for the company is flat for the year and quarter-over-quarter, a couple of markets such as Phoenix and the Inland Empire are up well over 10%. During the summer we saw heavy turnover expense in Phoenix.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: I think you mentioned at the start of the call about you anticipate further deceleration in Q4 revenues. To be clear, does that mean you believe that year-over-year same-store revenue could in fact turn negative next quarter or it’ll be just slightly positive?
Jerry Davis: It won’t be negative. It’ll still be positive. You’ve seen it go from 5% to 4.4% to 3.4%. We expect it’s probably going to be a hair under 3%. It won’t be negative.
Thomas W. Toomey: Looking over my notes and some of the anticipated questions, I failed to mention a couple of things. this portfolio when we go through and analyze our next year numbers and think about where we stand, we look a lot about the employment base of our residents and what our exposure is. Just to give you some feel, our largest employer in the portfolio frankly turns out to be government or utilities. I think those are probably safe industries. Technology is only about 10% of our employment base and manufacturing is about 5%, so when we look around we see industries having to roll through this recession and we ask ourselves what industries are going to have a hit and how does that overlay because you can be in a good market but if the industry goes upside down, it’s still going to hit you. So as we think through next year and through each of our quarters, we overlay our employment base over our belief of what industries are going to do well. I think one of the surprises next year is going to be the military; a lot of it’s going to come home and a lot of it’s going to have to get rebuilt. They tore up a hell of a lot of equipment and a lot of people are going to get employed by rebuilding that equipment, and we think we’ve got good exposure in the tightwadder Norfolk area and Jacksonville and some of the Florida cities. And that’s probably driving a little bit of our optimism is that belief that you probably don’t hear from other people. We think about it in a lot of different ways. We’re not just relying upon what the last person in the door told us they want to pay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Tom, first question for you. In your financing assumptions for next year, you’ve got a $200 million mezz note coming due in June it looks like to offset an unsecured offering. How confident are you that that money comes in the door next year, and if it doesn’t what are the ramifications?
Thomas W. Toomey: I think I’ll ask Warren to address the note collectability.
Warren L. Troupe: We’re very confident about it. As you know it’s completely secured by an interest in the properties and also has a guarantee by the parent company, DRA Income and Growth Fund. In addition we’ve had discussions with them and they’ve advised us that it’s their intent to pay the note in June when it becomes due.
Thomas W. Toomey: And their financials, you’ve looked at them and feel comfortable with their ability to do so.
Warren L. Troupe: Very strong.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: If for any reason though it is not, would you take back properties or would you just extend the note out?
Thomas W. Toomey: We’re not going to say that on this call. We’ll wait until that day comes if it comes but we anticipate right now our plan is to collect.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: It looked like in the quarter you deferred another portion of the Vitruvian Park. How much of that can be pushed back to a later date or how much of that rather has to be actually given that you’re working with the City, how much has to be moved forward at certain dates?
W. Mark Wallis: We’ve got a real wide bandwidth there. We’re under no pressure. We’re just about finished with our contract where they’re hiring us to do the infrastructure that puts this mass waterway, bridge, waterfall through there. Our start we had today is we’re in compliance with that which is the south portion of the first intersection we’re building there. As you know we have operating units on the rest of the property so we’re under no pressure there. We’ve got many, many years which really if we never built it out, we wouldn’t want the rest of their funding anyway. We’d have no place for it to go. So the first big chunk is already coming in of their dollars. We’re about ready to cut all those actually public contracts from the City of [Athama]. We administrate that for them for a fee. That’s about done so we’re in good shape there. 
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: There are no specifics that you have to have certain things done by certain dates or anything like that?
W. Mark Wallis: There is but it’s four or five years out in the future and it would be in phases across the street that if we didn’t build, they wouldn’t put the infrastructure in anyway if that makes sense. When we need it is when we would go for those dollars. The bulk of those dollars don’t have that timeline on them.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: And the assumption is still to joint venture that somewhere down the road?
W. Mark Wallis: Warren may want to comment on that but yes, that’s our ultimate view because of the size of the development. I think our timing will be good because as we go into the market next year because we’ll have the infrastructure started and the first phase started.
Warren L. Troupe: I agree with that.
Mike Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Probably a bigger picture question for Tom. Just having been through a number of cycles and looking at the leverage that’s been in play by some of the private guys over the past several years, how much distress do you expect in this current downturn?
Thomas W. Toomey: I think you have to draw a decision tree and the first part of that is, tell me when the banking industry and Fannie and Freddie’s disposition are determined. My guess is we’ll know more about that in the second half of ’09 and I’m anticipating they’re going to come back in pretty good shape. What I think is you have to divide it between the following segments: Merchant builders who have significant capital lending requirements, they’re not going to come back in ’09. You’ll start to see them resurface in ’10. The portfolios that were bought in the ’04, ’05, ’06 timeframe that relied upon 4% debt 85% leverage, they’re going to come back to the market in the ’10 and ’11 window with interest rates being 6% to 7% and their need to kick in 20% to 30% more equity. I think you’re going to see those things come to the market. But they’re going to come to the market; they’re going to be beaten up Bs and Cs. They’re probably not the right type of product and not in the markets we’re going to look at but I think there’s going to be a lot of good buys in that window. I wouldn’t be surprised if it doesn’t resemble the 2003 and ’04 window where Wall Street said, “Great demographics. No new supply. Look, we can fund and go capital markets and in essence participate and take a lot of those guys public again.” Our sense is that you back up, think about it, you’re in the middle of a quicksand pile, you’ve got to get enough capital to get across this; across looks like us ’10 and ’11, and then the capital markets will feed us a lot of capital by virtue of realizing that we haven’t built anything and/or the demographics are taking over. So we see a very rapid rebound in a robust second half of ’10 and ’11. That’s backing up and thinking about the industry and where we sit. You’ll hear a lot of merchant builders go out of business in the next six months. As we see it, there are not a lot of opportunities and there’s no reason to buy those guys. The simple answer is you can get the talent for free later.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Mark Ziffert] - Oppenheimer & Co.
[Mark Ziffert] - Oppenheimer & Co.: My first question’s related to how you think about permanent refinancing of some of your construction projects that you’re delivering into ’09 and ’10 given that you have the construction financing coming due as you stabilize?
Warren L. Troupe: Most of our construction loans or almost all of them have extension features and most of them are either three years with 1 and 1 extensions. At the end of that I think the market’s going to be a lot different but we’ve already factored that in for our capital needs and we think we’ll be able to get permanent construction at that point in time or any still available.
Thomas W. Toomey: A lot of these deals have somewhere between 25% and 35% equity in them so potentially you look at that type of low leverage coming out on the back side of these. Fannie and Freddie will be there. Some CMBS markets will be back. The unsecured market isn’t going to be shut down forever. So I’ve got to look out two or three years, I feel like we’ll be fine. The key is in making sure you’ve got enough gas to get all the way across ’10 and into ’11, and that’s what our plan is.
[Mark Ziffert] - Oppenheimer & Co.: Jumping to the mezzanine environment, I’m just wondering more if you’re seeing opportunities of distress or areas where people given that the capital markets might be constricted through the end of ’09 and into ’10, where you think those opportunities might arise and would you partake of them?
Thomas W. Toomey: Mark and I’ve been in that business and seen it before time and time again. It just always comes back to the same darn thing. You’re buying the damn real estate and ask yourself if the mortgage is 70%, are you willing to underwrite that the asset won’t go down 20% or 30% in value. If you are and you’re convinced that it’s not going to go down 20% or 30%, then you ought to do that business. Last time we checked a lot of merchant builders are building in the suburbs. Assets go down 20% in value and all of a sudden you’re writing your loan down or you can say, “Well great, we’ll just take the asset.” We’re not interested in suburban assets like that and that’s where you’d see those opportunities. Infill, urban, transportation hub driven developments are usually well capitalized by very high caliber people and they don’t need our help as mezz.
[Mark Ziffert] - Oppenheimer & Co.: How do you think of RE3 and the things you plan to do through it over the next year or so? Do you see any gains coming out of that business and is that built in to your expectations looking ahead?
Thomas W. Toomey: We’ve said and adopted a policy that we wouldn’t count on RE3 for gains and put it in the earnings cycle. We’ve got assets in there. We continue to believe that they’re worth more than what we have them on the books for. We’ll continue to run them and increase their value. Today’s not an environment where we would see RE3 as a very big component of our enterprise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: I got on really late so I don’t know if the question was asked, but I was curious and I just have one question about the special dividend and with the current stock price if you changed your strategy about whether it would be stock or cash?
Warren L. Troupe: The way that we set up the special dividend and it can be paid in either cash or a combination of shares and cash, and we retain the flexibility if we get at the end of the valuation period the share price is not at a price that’s acceptable to the Board that we could pay that in all cash.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: So at this level would you pay it all in cash?
Thomas W. Toomey: We’re deferring the question. It’s just premature. It’d be like me trying to tell you who’s going to win the election tonight. It’s just premature.
Operator:  Our last question comes from Hondo Lee Ute.
Hondo Lee Ute: Tom, not to overuse the phrase but obviously the world has changed significantly the last couple of months and I appreciate your earlier comments on asset values, but given the dramatic asset value distillation currently underway and increasing return requirements, where’s the puck headed? How much more do you think asset values can potentially decline and is it inconceivable to consider a version to a 9% cap rate world?
Thomas W. Toomey: I’ll tell you this. I read your piece. I thought it was very well thought out. Here’s kind of what I think about this business in multifamily. We typically find a typical B apartment across America prices across five year leverage. So a five-year paper today can be had at 75% loan to value at a 5.7, it’s going to tell you cap rates are anywhere from 6.5% to 7.5% for that asset. If you tell me interest rates are going to 8% or 9%, then yes. 9’s an easy number to see. I think a lot of it’s going to be driven off of where interest rates move. I think what you have and my personal view is that interest rates come down because of all the stimulus in the short window of the next year but then after that start to climb pretty steadily. One wild factor in your cap rates that you didn’t calculate in there is what if you’re in a high income tax bracket game and we’re back to tax indications and people are using not just the cash flow but also the after-tax benefits in valuing real estate. That era is potentially there under both potential candidates. I think in the interim to see 9% caps as your article points out is a long shot. To see it if interest rates move to 7.5% on that type of paper, then I’d say yes. Think more about where interest rates are headed than values and return expectations because in this business I’ve seen cap rates more correlated to that.
Hondo Lee Ute: Mark, I’d like to go back to the [M] acquisition for a moment. I didn’t quite hear, maybe I missed it, but if you compare that purchase price to what that land might have sold for a year ago and assuming you could get construction financing today, what type of return do you think you could develop to?
W. Mark Wallis: Is there a specific piece you’re talking about or just in general?
Hondo Lee Ute: If you could compare that purchase price today versus what you think it might have -
W. Mark Wallis: Oh, a year ago?
Hondo Lee Ute: Yes.
W. Mark Wallis: I think on that particular site probably when you consider the pursuit costs, that it’s entitled, I don’t have a staff out there churning and burning payroll every month, because this site’s 400 feet from metro station and 500 feet is easily walkable, it’s probably all-in 10% better. We feel like our construction costs as tom talked a little bit about are coming in 10% to 15% better than a year ago, so then we see the yield on that to be pretty strong for a California deal. If you get a mid-6% return or upwards, I don’t want to over-forecast as we price everything out and work on that deal, it could be from a long-term perspective a pretty healthy deal like we hadn’t seen in a while. But as Tom said, these infill urban sites we do not see them being discounted 20% or 30%. Some suburban sites are starting to build it anyway. By the time you carry them you end up in the same spot. They’re going to be discounted but we’re just not seeing it. And we’ve been bidding on some sites with that expectation and not getting anywhere.
Hondo Lee Ute: A question on construction financing today; any sense of what that would be today versus what you closed your loans for during the quarter?
David L. Messenger: We were doing something earlier at loan to cost of 70% to 75% and it’s more like 60% today. The pricing has moved from LIBOR + 1.75 to about LIBOR + 2.50 today.
Thomas W. Toomey: Operator, I understand we have no more calls. Let me wrap up with closing. Let me mention again that we are hosting a Los Angeles Property Tour, specifically Marina Del Rey, on November 18. This is the day prior to the NAREIT Conference. If you fly into L.A., we’re glad to give you a bus ride down to San Diego to the conference. There are sign-up forms on the Investor Relations tab or you can give Larry or I a call and we’ll be glad to arrange in more detail. Thank you for your time today and take care.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, that does conclude our UDR third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Larry Thede - VP IR Thomas W. Toomey - President & CEO Jerry A. Davis - Sr. VP of Property Operations W. Mark Wallis - Senior EVP David L. Messenger - Sr. VP & CFO Warren Troupe - Senior EVP
Analysts: Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse Robert Stevenson - Fox-Pitt Kelton Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Market Alexander Goldfarb - UBS Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for standing by. Welcome to the UDR Inc. Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties would be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today on Tuesday the 5th of August, 2008. I'll now turn the conference over to Mr. Larry Thede, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Larry Thede - Vice President Investor Relations: Thank you. And thanks to all of you for joining us for UDR's second quarter financial results conference call. Our second quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday and posted to our website www.udr.com. In the supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. We'll begin the call with management comments and then open the call to your questions. I would like to note that statements made during this call which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of risks and risk factors are detailed in yesterday's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Larry. I am joined on the call today by Mark Wallis, Warren Troupe, David Messenger and Jerry Davis. UDR had a very strong quarter on a number of fronts. I'll let the team fill in you on the details but first let me cover some highlights. The operating team did a great job, in particular achieving our 16th consecutive quarter of revenue growth. Based on July's results, it looks like we're now on our way to 70. We performed well in a number of areas but to stick out. We nearly reached 70% in NOI margin and we're approaching average rents of $1200 a month. On the development, redevelopment front, we delivered nearly 1000 homes, at returns exceeding our original underwriting. We've also provided enhanced disclosure in our earnings supplement to help investors understand the status of our activities. In the investment area, we continue to reap the benefits of our March 3rd portfolio sale. Since, March 31st we closed on $280 million of West Coast acquisitions, bringing us very close to completing the redeployment of our sales proceeds. To improve transparency, we're now producing a quarterly portfolio update which details on each of our top 20 markets, which is available on our website. On the capital front, we also continue to enjoy solid balance sheet. It's been great to be sitting on cash, especially during this very turbulent time. It is afforded us the chance to pick our spots and take advantage of market conditions. Now let me take a moment and share our views about the future. Reading countless autonomous forecasts and listening to a number of earnings calls, this quarter from our industry and others, I find that everyone have their queries on the economy for the balance of the year. Simply stated, we at UDR see so many cross currents, it's hard to forecast trends. For the near term, we believe that business is solid and that our capital flexibility will keep us safe during these highly volatile times. We intend to remain focus on what we can control. In particular, our value creation strategies in operations, development and redevelopment. Looking further out, we believe demographics limited new supply and portfolio positioning will work in our favor. And we remained very optimistic about our long term prospects. Now I will like to turn the call over to the team. First, Jerry Davis will discuss operations. Then Mark will cover development and redevelopment, and David will cover our capital markets activity and then we'll open it up for questions. Jerry?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President of Property Operations: Thanks Tom, and good afternoon everyone. Today, I would like to cover several topics. First, our revenue performance during the quarter, next our expense management and finally, our guidance for the remainder of the year. Because we're one of the last to reach to report, I won't spend time going over individual markets. We've heard what our piers have been telling you on their calls, generally we're in agreement with their views of the markets. One of our primary goals as an operating team here at UDR is to lead the individual markets and year-over-year revenue growth. Over the past several quarters, we've had great success doing this, primarily because of our superior location at the right price point. Additionally, we consistently look for ways to reinvest in our real estate with various revenue enhancing initiatives. Critical to our continuing success, as the exceptional performance of our site and regional operating teams. I would like to take this term and to personally thank all of my fellow associates here at UDR, who are dedicated to keeping our performance at the top in the industry. With most of the apartments REITs having reported their second quarter numbers, during six months it looks like we're leading 63% of our markets in revenue growth and we're leading 74% in NOI. During the quarter, we had NOI growth of 7.1% over last year. This was due by revenue growth of 4.4% and a decline in expenses of 1.2%. This performance is driven our same-store operating margin in the second quarter up to 69.2% an increase of 170 basis points. First, on the revenue side. Our effective rents increased 3.4% during the quarter and average occupancy was 20 basis points higher than last year at 94.9%. Revenue per occupied home is now pushing $1200. Looking at our markets, we saw growth in 19 of our 22 markets with declines coming only in the State of Florida. 17 of our 22 markets had sequential revenue growth which drove our same-store revenue growth to 1.2% over the first quarter. This marks the 16th consecutive quarter of sequential revenue growth. On the expense side, our expenses for the quarter were 1.2% under last year's second quarter. When, I look at our expenses the categories of payroll, utilities, taxes, and repairs and maintenance that makeup about 85% of total expenses grew by 3.9%. The remaining 15% of expenses which is made up of insurance and administrative and marketing cost decreased 30%. I'd like to speak of these decreases. Insurance expense was again down due to lower third party premiums compared to last year, as well as much better loss experience. The administrative and marketing cost side, we come down primarily as a result of our continued elimination of print advertising. We expect to totally be out of print at our stabilized properties by the end of this year. Since 2005, we've brought our marketing cost down from $155 per home per year to $95 per home. In the second quarter of 2008, 46% of our movements actually originated from Internet sources. This is up 8% compared to the second quarter of 2007. With our recent web enhancement, we expect this trend to continue going forward. Last, how do we see the balance of this year playing out? Well, I've listened as our piers have told you over week that revenue growth will moderate during the second half of the year. We see the same deceleration occurring. For us, this will be caused primarily by lower job growth, higher prices of the pump as well as other consumer goods. And lastly total revenue comparisons in the second-half of the year. Since rents continue to grow at a good pace in 2007, a lot of the year-over-year growth in the first six months of this year was actually the result of the rent increases achieved last year. With rent growth slowing over the last six to nine months, year-over-year comparisons will moderate. That being said, our revenue growth has remained strong throughout the first-half of the year at 4.6%. We feel very good about our performance so far and our revenue guidance for the full year remained at 4% to 4.5% range. We're about half way through our summer leasing season. Traffic compares well to last year. We look at our occupancy for same-store properties, last week we stood at 95.4% physical occupancy, that's 30 basis points higher than we were at the same week last year. Although pricing power is challenging and all of our best markets. We do feel like we'll be able to push occupancy during the last half of the year. We also believe that we'll be able to continue to see sequential revenue growth for the remainder of 2008. Year-to-date, our expenses are 1% lower than that were last year. But we think the second half of the year will be higher. We began seeing favorable insurance loss experience, both on the property and healthcare side in the second half of last year. We also had positive real estate tax accrual adjustments in the fourth quarter of 2007. Because of this, we expect that our third and fourth quarter expense comparisons will be more difficult from the first half of 2008. Our guidance for expense growth remained to 3% to 3.5% for the full year. Although we will do everything possible to come in below that level, we do recognize that we're being compared to very low expenses last year. With that I'll turn the call over to Mark.
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Thanks Jerry. I am going to provide just a brief update of our acquisition redevelopment and development activities for the quarter. First, on the status of our repositioning and the use of our 1031 exchange proceeds resulting from the $1.7 billion sale in March. Since our last call, we've added 546 homes in California and 455 homes in Seattle using 1031 proceeds. We will complete these remaining proceeds by the end of this month; we'll use two of our development pre sales as part of that exchange, the one in Peoria Arizona and in Tampa Florida, those who are listed on Exhibit 8 (c). In addition we are negotiating a little more powerful acquisition for $59 million and we do expect to proceed on that purchase within the next few days. At that point our exchange will be complete with around 4300 homes, purchased on average cap rate of 5%. It's important to note that, at least 72% of the assets we acquired are in targeted coastal markets of California, Metro Washington DC and Washington State. 80% of those assets will be the less than 10 years old and I want to point out the remaining 20% will be rehab by our very experienced redevelopment team. Second, just a review where our developing pipelines stand to say Exhibit ratio of the pipeline at $2.6 billion. I want to break that down, it should be noted that $149 million of development and redevelopment projects have now been completed. The development projects are leasing up well and redevelopment completions are now leased up and producing yields between 7% and 8%. Our in house development and redevelopment seems to have $885 million inactive developments. We have $541 million of pipeline being run by third party development groups under our JV and development presale programs. Then a little over $1 billion or 47% of this pipeline has not been started. We refer to these as our warehouse assets of which approximately 80% produce income today. Let's take a quick overview of the portfolio repositioning and now I will turn it call over to David Messenger.
David L. Messenger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Mark. Our second quarter was relatively flat in the capital markets area. We continue to make progress against our initiatives. We continue to execute our share repurchase program buying back 963,200 shares of our common stock an average price of $23.65 per share approximately 5.4% discount to yesterday's close. We also repurchased $35 million of debt at an average yield of 632. We took advantage of favorable floating rates and drew down the remaining capacity in two of our secured facilities for a total of $55 million currently floating at 3%. We believe this will further insulate us from continued volatility as the capital markets and the GSEs. In addition, since the close of the second quarter we have closed on approximately $50 million of construction loans, with another $100 million in process that we expected to close in the next 45 to 60 days. Going forward, we'll continue to assess the markets for share and bond repurchases from possible debt issuances. We're seeing a great deal of invested capital, sitting on the sidelines, waiting to be put to work often at very attractive rates. Consequently, even though we have funding capacity to grow of our capital and debt obligations through 2010, we'll continue to evaluate opportunities to extend our current maturities and to continue to strengthen our balance sheet. As we previously stated, the calculation on our special dividend would be completed after August 30th when the section 1031 time period expires. The amount of its special dividend remains in a range of $130 million to a $190 million. Upon completion of the calculations, we will review the current market, capital resources, and share price to determine the divided component, cash, stock or combination of both. As we head into the second half of the year, we have a solid balance sheet with 230 million in cash and substantial financial flexibility. While this may be causing some short term earnings dilution with cash currently invested at 2.5%. We believe that position does well to find our strategic objectives and we continue to deliver long term value for our shareholders. Now I will turn the call back to over to Tom.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks David and operator we're now ready for questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen at this time we will begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question from the line of Michael Bilerman please state your company followed by your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is David Toddy [ph] here with Michael. Just a couple of quick questions, to start with development. Has there been any changes to your underwritings relative to costs expected stabilized yields and the timing?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: This is Mark Wallis, no; there has not been any significant changes at this point. As you can see the pipeline remains fairly stabilized so is volume. So nothing at this point we try to underwrite those conservatively and so far, that's held.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then relative to the shadow pipeline it appears that it's increased in scale. Can you just provide some color on those additions?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Are you referring to... I guess the last Exhibit pay test [ph]. It moved I believe part of it is we've moved part of the trivial [ph] over there or just because those are lighter places which are the income producing assets on there. And in addition we've moved, we should go back to where that is a site we have that has entitlements but we're finding those entitlements at this time and we would term that entry in this development a little bit later than originally thought.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And forgive me I joined the call a little bit late, but could you talk a little bit about the traffic and the price tolerance that you're seeing of incoming customers in June and July?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President of Property Operations: Traffic, this is Jerry. Traffic's holding up pretty steady with last year. It's gone up just a hair and that's probably because we rolled out our level one call center in at the end of the... we are in the middle of rather the second quarter. And that's helped push traffic higher, so we don't miss any phone calls any longer. Pricing, we have pricing strength up in the Pacific North West as well as Northern California. We're typically seeing 4% to 5% increases on either renewals or incoming people over what they have prior resident was paying. I'd say for the rest of the country with the exception of Florida, Phoenix and the England Empire we're probably seeing in the 2% range and then when you get to Florida, Phoenix and the England Empire it's roughly flat.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then just lastly, just had a quick question on a strategy which is probably in the acquired longer asset, but could you just give us a sense of what your team is thinking relative to the growth focus today, now that you've gone through this sort significant transformation? Would you characterize your focus more as internal now? Do you still feel there are sort of large scale external opportunities?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: This is Toomey. At this point in time, I think what's our view would be, first interest rates is going to rise. And interest rates rising usually indicates that asset pricing is going to fall. What's the timing of those two events, we think it's slowly easing into it. I mean you look at spreads today and you look at base rates, there really doesn't seem to be a whole lot of pressure up and as a result you are not seeing a whole lot of pressure on asset pricing. So the thing is one of these cases where a lot of people are waiting around for assets to appreciably dropping value, we don't see that happening. We see a slight drop, probably another 5% to 10% more. It's not going to be a great feeding frenzy that it was in the '80s or even the '90s. By virtue NOIs are pretty solid, there is no new supply until I would tell you I think from external standpoint, we're going to continue to look and pick our spots in markets where we think we can add some value redeveloping our operations that our second growth strategy is continue to focus on this development pipeline which looks to be delivering $400 million to $500 million on an annual basis that are 100 to 150 basis points over what we can get in market. And I think those are the primary growth strategies that we have at this time and see that if we play our capital prudently and be patient that by the year 2010 you got a large demographic swell coming right at you and you just got to be in the right market presenting the right product and it's still going to come down to where the job markets are in 2010. And I think we have our portfolio positioned right in those corridors where people are going to be getting jobs right out of college and those are pretty good targeted group. So, I think that's our strategy over the next three, four year period.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks for the call today.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Gorman. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: Thanks, good afternoon. It's Credit Suisse. Can you just spend a little bit time on you guidance I guess I'm a little bit confused on the moving parts. It looks like your operational guidance is projecting a pretty significant fall off in the second half, but if you look at the FFO guidance continued in acceleration in the quarterly run rate to get there on the second quarter. Can you just give us a little bit more breakdown on what's actually moving in and out of the guidance at this point?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Jerry I'll cover the kind of the operation guidance for the balance of the year. From an FFO standpoint there is a couple of things that are you're not seeing right now which is broaden some assets and then lease up and you have lot of redevelopment assets coming back on line as well as development come in. And so second half of the year, we're forecasting goals assets to generate more than they did this last quarter. Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President of Property Operations: Well,I'll just reiterate what already said. On the expense side, we get kept guidance at 3% to 3.5% that is based purely on tough comparisons to last year when we had very low insurance in the second half of the year as well as a real estate tax adjustment. We are hopeful we can and under that but it's still tough. The one thing we do see is that revenue has slowed from the first half of the year. We don't see it decelerating at a great pace, July right on planned what we expected but those are really what we say.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: Okay and one follow up. What was the timing like on the 960,000 share repurchase, how much did that add to the quarterly results?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Minimal.
Michael Gorman - Credit Suisse: Okay thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rob Stevenson. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Robert Stevenson - Fox-Pitt Kelton: It's FPK. Good afternoon guys. Tom when you are thinking about redevelopments, how does the economic outlook play into that and from that standpoint, what do you expect to start over the next 12 months or so in terms of new redevelopments?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Mark take a lead on that and I'll follow up.
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Well, you can see we are really finished a lot and we moved through back into the fully leased stabilized status and I think we did hit the market pretty well with several of those. Going forward, we're really tackling some deals as for a little bit harder in that couple more in California. So I think that range of homes that are being production where they were 4000 based on working on firming and entitlements we may have more than we're working on but actually productions to be more 1500 homes here to take. That's what we see going forward. Now we like the business a lot. We've had very good returns there some the market are changes in response we have ability to do more that's what we see right now.
Robert Stevenson - Fox-Pitt Kelton: What's generally the thing that you start to see because as you would say hey let's pull back on investing dollars on redevelopment because we are not going to get money out the other end
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: A lot of it's just trying a lot product frankly. We've done a lot of our product and with our sale we did and repositioning net down 40 some thousand homes there is less to do that fit our criteria. So target is fine where our products I mentioned in the couple of our acquisitions do fit that criteria. So it's somewhat limited by overall market factors but then also finding the right products.
Robert Stevenson - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Well pull back decision for us would be primarily driven around the rent structure. And we think when we start one of these or we get a pretty good handle on it, we got good solid handle on the cost structure of it. What may often weigh our decision is where do we see rent and that's where you see us moving towards the West Coast or in our case the district in DC. Those markets are still as Jerry has said where you've got pricing power, you feel strong about the market and the prospects and we think we can take assets offline there and bring them back and get the rents that are better than today's markets trend itself. I think that's what would really weigh us down Robert and that's been our plan all along was to move towards the coast in our redevelopment strategy and Mark's right in terms of the number of homes you see but if you look at the net throughput of rents that we're deriving from those it's about the same level of dilution on a consistent basis.
Robert Stevenson - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. Just a follow-up when you take a look out there and you see what the reasons are for moving out and sort of the profile of your tenants I mean how much of an impact do you think it might have on closing the turnover the back door in terms of turnover from the elimination of some of these down payments at system programs on a single-family side?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President of Property Operations: I think it's kind of difficult to tell right now. I think with the new laws out or the new home owner's systems program, it obviously going to help some people jump into the first house. But you still have a huge cost difference between leasing and owning and most of our markets, especially out in the West Coast and D.C. Area, it's not clear yet how much it's going to help.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: This is Toomey. At this level I would add to that is the psychology of a purchase of a home is still very damaged, and once you get passed the economics and the tax incentives would you invest in something that you knew the price was going to go down another 10%. Most rationally people won't and we think that going to prevail for sometime and when it will reverse, you'll see it like anything else it was down turn. You'll see it in certain markets at certain price points. We think the way we are positioned, California, the West Coast being 50% of the portfolio now; it's got a long way to go before those people get back into the game in our opinion.
Robert Stevenson - Fox-Pitt Kelton: What's the move outs of home purchases running this past quarter?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: This quarter it was 13.5%. That's the same as it was in the first quarter but last year and second quarter it was 16.7%. So it's down quite a bit.
Robert Stevenson - Fox-Pitt Kelton: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from line of Dustin Pizzo. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: Banc of America. I guess its David or Tom, was any of the positive impact from the debt repurchase or the common stock repurchase factored into guidance previously?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: This is Toomey. The guidance that was given was really done at beginning of the year and which we had contemplated significantly more share repurchases and no debt repurchases, and as the market has progressed the share prices have risen to an attractive level but not to a point where we would buy them and that has presented an opportunity. And so in my calculus of looking at their kind of two are offsetting each other but it wasn't the original plan it's more of the consequences of the environment.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: Okay. So then as you look to the back half, can you comment on what you're currently thinking there as far as either continued repurchases or continue activity on the debt side?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes,I think we'll be active in both depending on the price and based on your call notes and the results thereon.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And then just thinking about on the debt side, I guess first what was the coupon and the maturity date of the bonds that you repurchased?
David L. Messenger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: See coupon was 5.5% and the maturity were $2.14.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: Okay, so I guess, how do you think about given that we're in a pretty difficult environment here, you think the rates are probably rising in the future, you look at the yield to maturity of 6-3 that they are repurchased at versus the comment. Should we take that to mean that you guys are assuming less than kind of 6%-3% return on the comment going forward here?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: No we didn't try to look at it both, I mean one, if I comment considering a number of things, both your liquidity position. Where do you think your NAB is and where do you think your price will be in the future? The debt we really looked at the inside of the trait. If we think today we could issue secured or unsecured debt inside a fix and extend the maturities. And the market gives you an opportunity to buy $35 million on a $3.2 billion debt. Okay, you take advantage of it. It's not that big of a number. Kind of interesting opportunity to buy at below par we thought why not. It's a big deep market at that discount? Probably not. The shares you can pretty much look at where we've been buying them for the last three year-to- date. And gather where we think our NABs and where we think a good discount is. So well we bought was 6 million shares, something like that, year-to-date inside a 24 stock's trading at 26 today, but we're not buying today.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Securities: Fair enough. Thanks.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: No, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rich Anderson. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: I am with BMO and this question is for Toomey.. I just want to say that.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Some day I am going to be able to respond in stand or two Rich.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Actually I am in notice for Toomey, but anyway the questions on that special dividend, and I guess Mark it was you said that once you finished some of these acquisitions there you have right on the immediate landscape that you'll be done with the redeployment process of the portfolio sales. But that doesn't... you are saying that in addition to that you will do another special dividend of about 150 and a special dividend the range of about $150 million, is that right? It gets you to a 150 million shy of the $1.7 billion.
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Toomey here, Would tell the range on your special dividend and the timing in that.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: The range of special dividend Rich is still the 130 to 190.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Right.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: And that's contemplating the acquisitions that Mark is queuing up and closing over the course of... from today through August 30th.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Okay. So then the other question is, if I'm right and I think you guys said this in your Investor Day that you actually sort of looked at two and half times the amount of acquisitions that you would actually need to buy...right to eliminate some of the pressures that might come from people knowing that you are a buyer. And so have you given any thoughts of saying, you know what let's strap the special dividend idea and let's just... let's go buy more assets?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: This is Mark; let me speak to that, I mean... we've bought nearly 4200 homes towards... kind of $1 billion and so of acquisitions. So...and we have ...we did identify over two times in our assets were we've closing gone through we've traded one against another as we've got through these closings, we are just down to a really one asset. We have one competing with that, we think we picked the one we are going to pick. So in this last trade actually I had two assets competing against each other. So we're just out of the end now.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Okay.
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: So I don't have any ...the assets that I have left had identified I can think of a couple but on the surface look pretty good as far as the marking the location we can't get too impressed there are market for us to buy.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Rich it's Toomey and in addition to that. One year against the short market if you will. I am 1031 expires at the end of august. Mark and his teams traded a number of assets and you kind of get to a point where you say, wait a minute. We think cap rates are moving a little bit. If the sellers are not going to move their price, is it really serving a judiciary duty to just pay up? So, that to pay a special dividend. And I just can't bring myself to do that, and I think that's been the discipline we've forced upon ourselves as I say that's why we gave you a range to 130 to 190. We didn't want to back ourselves into a corner and say all of a sudden we've changed our mind we wanted to buy more assets. That's because we thought we could get good prices. We didn't get good prices. We weren't going to buy the damn real estate and we always thought about it that way. Its more discipline on our part, than it is to try to do anything else so.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Okay. So, then the other question is the stock up as high as it is at this point. I mean does that give you a sense to issue more in a way of a stock dividend or a cash dividend. It might be better for you as a company to issue the stock as a dividend, but maybe investors wouldn't be thrilled to get it to 26.50 as they might at 23%.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think as we've talked to shareholders, a lot of them viewed is a stock split. And so it's not diluted to them or just getting pro-rata share that they had before, and if they so elect to monetize it by selling the, company has got capital and if the shares would fall they viewed as positive by virtue of people, we would be able to jump in and support the stock if they had a number. Other people have said just send me the cash. And right now we are lending out and saying what's the best thing both given the economic environment that we are dealing in, the stock price environment and the value of cash. And I tell you that I am more driven by the long term value of the enterprise and one quarter of earnings or even the next six months of earnings. So we're going to play through that, we'll have a pretty damn good picture after August 31st. We finish the 1031 period, we get the auditors in here, we get the tax people in here to sign off on the tax calculation and then we figure out exactly where the market is. And we'll be very upfront with everybody about the rationale behind whatever decision is ultimately reached.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Okay. A quick one here, any additional debt free purchases in the current 2008 guidance?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: No.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Okay. And then my last question is; I need to just further understand the development pipeline and I know you said you moved some things from the sort of the underdevelopment to the future development category. But can you explain how that happened mechanically? You'd spent money up until the first quarter on these four assets that moved from the under development to the future development. So how do you account for that in terms of the money that's has already been spent sort of from the balance sheet because you expected to do it eventually or how does that work?
David L. Messenger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: This is David yes, those dollars are still good on the balance sheet in terms of our being capitalized cost. We're still going forward with, like Mark spoke to you about Mission Bay [ph]. We're on the top to give you the entitlement knowing the work is done we are just meeting from fine tuning to it and that caused us to move it from our so it today being developed through a future development activity.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Okay. But is there any chance that any of these would be shelf completely?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: From the past... no I don't think so in that case now. Soon these assets I guess the print started growing at 40% in San Diego which actually I guess it's not totally out of the room for the possibility, you might delay you doing it, but no. All of these we feel are good solid opportunities. I think we're trying to communicate to that we are trying to be prudent about when we bring these on to the pipeline that match up market conditions. And that's where we're hoping to communicate there, but no, they are all in good solid shape, very good size.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Okay. Thank you Wallis.
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: And the one they have mentioned in admission we haven't probably today; we got a window we can better it. And so we feel like we had to do that, just create more value that way.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Okay.That's it for me. Thank you.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: This is Toomey signing off too.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital: Thanks Toomey.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sameer Upadhyay [ph]. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Sameer Upadhyay from FBR Capital Markets. Can you please talk a little bit about your thoughts on the GSE financing environment spreads and the overall availability?
Warren Troupe - Senior Executive Vice President: Yes, this is Warren. In terms of GSEs we're still seeing a very aggressive action in terms that their willingness to make secured loans and we have not seen any pull back. There's been pulled back on a secured loan I think a couple of our peers have noted that its still 100 to 150 basis points less than some of the unsecured financing. So it's still very attractive financing.
Unidentified Analyst: But you only rate on a 5 or 7 or 10?
Warren Troupe - Senior Executive Vice President: Our normal rate are five, is still five or six, in that.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: I think one thing to recognize thing is that that if you can get back your money at 5-6 its going support cap rates for where back rates are at. And so you got positive NOI growth and you got a 5-6 debt number and you can get 70% proceeds. Your return on equity on a levered basis, moderate growth is still going to be probably about 12. That's pretty attractive in this environment. So we think real estate is going to hold up.
Unidentified Analyst: Just another question. Your views on the Florida markets, you look at cap, its negative. I think its been a couple of quarters it's negative and what's your view going forward?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President of Property Operations: This is jerry. Tampa does continue to be our worst market right now as far as growth. We think it's probably going to stumble along the bottom, may be for another 12 months, that's at least what we're hearing. Has a lot of speculator homes or just a shadow market, we do perform better I can tell you up that was on that Atlas County side than we do on Hills Burrow side but Tampa, it's tough to call it bottom but hopefully we're in it, and it's not going to get worse.
Unidentified Analyst: Did they get many worse right now?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President of Property Operations: No its not really its getting bottom and... closing on the bottom. So you ought to start anniversary soft numbers and start being able to get some growth, start next year. Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks guys.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Don't call it a recovery just call bottom in.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks
Operator: Thanks. Your next question is from the line of Michael Salinsky. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Market: Mike Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets. Real quickly, your performance in South Carolina and its areas and that such and Southern California has been well above your peer group. To what do you attribute that to, is it redevelopment, is it people training down A assets to D assets, is it market positioning, what's the driver behind that?
Unidentified Company Representative: He just answered the question. It's actually a lot of that. In Orange county where we stated this before and we firmly believe it, we have great coastal locations, we're located the west of the 405. We do think we're at the right price points where some of those peoples those have lost their lending jobs last year had traded down to us in our average French and Orange Counties in the 1400 to 1500 range. People were paying 22,300 have come down to us. We had an active kitchen and bath program there over the last several years that have helped profits up in modernize some of our 1968 to 1972 product. And the other think I think as we have a real stable operating team in Southern California and there is really even other some new product popping up in Ravine [ph] as well Anatine [ph] in our more direct backyard of New Port and the Huntington beach in coast we've really not seen that product, that's the Orange County. And the England Empire just we looked great there but keep in mind we have three properties. One is a development that we completed I think in 2006. We finished a lease up there last year about mid-year we were still heavily in the concession for first half of the year and those were burned off, anniversary high concession and we eliminated concessions there around the third quarter or so. Other two assets are probably around break even and that one property is in fit in Rand Rodomont [ph] I think struck either, that one is doing extremely well. San Diego is also doing very well, and a lot of that is... we own a lot in north San Diego County, and as the... they cater a bit to the military market and then this represent we do well and we have done extremely well there.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Market: Okay. Second question with the acquisitions you made around five at year I think you mentioned in the last call that you anticipated being pretty close to north of the six by the end of 2009. Is that still the case given what you see in the markets right now?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: That's your call Mark.
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Can you repeat that.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Market: Yes, previous call you have mentioned that, you know, why you are buying these assets at low cap rates these are the growth opportunities for phenomenon which have been north of the six followed by a the end of 2009 at this point, that still the case given what you are seeing across the markets right now.
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: I think generally that's still the case where we underwrote those assets yet.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Market: Okay. Third question is fixed charge coverage has continued to come down here over the past couple of quarters. Is that something that you are going to be able to grow into with properties and lease that you are bringing on line or is it possibly you have to sell additional assets next year to fund to continue capital spending and growth efforts?
David L. Messenger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: This is Dave. We'll improve that as the assets come out online, second half of this year going into '09.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: This is Toomey. We have on the 2010, all our funding obligation are already met. So we don't see the need for capital raise. What we see it as an opportunistic window market presents itself those things we do.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Market: But you're not pushing up any close to any covenants.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: No.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Market: And then finally, just subjugate as quarter end, have you repurchased any shares or bought back any additional debt?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: No.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Market: Okay. Thank you.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Operator, are we done?
Operator: Sorry, our next question is from the line of Alex Goldfarb. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Hi, UBS. Good morning out there.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi Alex.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Sorry, I hopped on late so I apologize if you already addressed some of this stuff, but just wanted to go back on the special dividend and the one cash balance. Is the $190 million top end of the special dividend, is that what would happen if you did all the acquisitions that are planned? So try another way if you don't do all the acquisitions that are planned and you get to that deadline on the 1031 money, then the special dividend could potentially exceed the $190 million?
David L. Messenger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: No it's the top level, assuming we don't close anything in the next 29 days... 28 days.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay. So if the cash in the 1031 accounts stay there then that would get you through the $190 million.
David L. Messenger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: That is correct.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay. And from a modeling perspective or guidance were you giving other income for the year, your expectations?
David L. Messenger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: No. We haven't changed any of that. I believe at the beginning of the year, we said already three end come and still don't believe there is any.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay. And then just the other stuff running through there is fairly interest income?
David L. Messenger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Interest income, correct.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay. And then on development side, whether your peers... some write downs, want to get a sense from you guys how comfortable you are with the land on your books, the way it's strengthening?
David L. Messenger - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: I don't think we bought any land with anticipation of building condos like some of our peers.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: And what about the new rentals developments?
Unidentified Company Representative: You're talking that rental acquisitions?
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Yes...
Unidentified Company Representative: Now we are very comfortable with those. And I think Tom spoke to the fact that we think there is fact where cap rates still in there... they are steady right now. We've been pretty active in several markets. And so we feel really good by our acquisitions and there is a rent growth that's in front of us on all of those and we think on our development side that, we are in very good position there and for our unit cost.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from the line of Paula Poskon. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: With Robert Baird. I have an operational question for you about just generally speaking what percentage would you say of your tenant base is involved in some sort of automated rent payment either from direct dividend of their checking account or to a credit card?
Unidentified Company Representative: Currently, it is pretty low. We're actually in the process of rowing out ACH payment throughout our portfolio we're testing it at a seven or eight locations right now. So it's a low percentage right now.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Paula.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from line of Anthony Paolone. Please state your company name followed by question.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Thanks JP Morgan. First question, on the presales, can you give us an update as to where you think those yields will come in at?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I think we're still in usual range that we disclosed. As Tom mentioned our acquisitions are at least 150 basis points better that what we can basically softened when those probably more like 175-180 basis points, over... they are still isn't leased up so we are reported how they come out but we're still in a pretty good range there.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: So, for the assets like 15x temp Orlando [ph] being three of four that has been a significant amount of gymnasium [ph] and what maybe the yield you're expecting in those markets?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: We had seven plus percent yield on Phoenix and that might be more to 7 or 7.5 we've still started to lease up there so that's yet to determined. Orlando we've actually 87% leased I think we've leased 35 homes so that actually has been surprising that we had pretty conservative underwriting on that we did that a couple of years ago I remember that it was a couple of years ago. So that's been actually better than expected to give in the wind of marketing in Tampa. We've not turned into units yet its an interior location in that part of that market area. We've locked that location through urban infield spot and so it will be little bit difficult from the typical suburban markets that or may be softer.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Offsetting that you've got that those are flat or slightly below and you've got plus which Texas, California and Seattle all probably going to be well.
Unidentified Company Representative: Right and as mentioned we have a asset where in lease up for the development in phase 2 Lincoln Town Square in Dallas. This is still little bit of back to report but we're 50 leases at that project in July. Probably enclosed with 60 and we've been since the numbers, so in Texas its pretty strong.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Okay. So when you roll up all of this stuff it doesn't sound like its too for up to mark?
Unidentified Company Representative: That's not characterized.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Okay. And second question, you commented about the move out home ownership rate being heading down to 13% by any chance you have a track where your tenants are for coming from. And whether there's been any meaningful trends on that front?
Unidentified Company Representative: You know I'm hard date on that, if you're asking and getting it foreclosures or we're getting people from suburban locations any more infill, we are feeling some of that but I really can't quantify with accuracy.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Yes, I mean whether it's a foreclosure not just the idea of home ownership rate coming down and maybe folks coming back in from a house if there's been any trend there that's indiscernible.
Unidentified Company Representative: Nothing they could that I've seen.
Anthony Paolone - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks Sam, Tony.
Operator: All right thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from the line of Jeff Donnelly. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Yes, Wachovia and my first question just concern of the product you're seeing in acquisition market, are you easing any noticeable shift in the mix of assets available for purchase such as more redevelopment projects and stabilized or any more products in second year cities and kind of 24/7 locations?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think we're not looking at those secondary markets, so I really can't speak to that although I don't think there's been any dramatic change in the current market ad you can see in those markets. Do you think there has been which as been good for us it has been more urban in-field product its on real ends or near real ends or near urban retail and we've been able to take advantage of that. We haven't seen a lot of rehabbed product under markets we as I mentioned we had a couple kind of that we wanted to do provide that expertise and do rehab work on but there hasn't... what we've seen and haven't seen a lot of that top product its been some newer developments in these more than urban locations.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: And what was competition like I am curious to floor assets you just acquired and it may be used at as a mechanism just talking about how has the competitive environment changed for acquisition this level for last six to 12 months do you we seen it improve?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think it has improved and I think this term, if you look at may be the early summer of the last year when you look at the asset pretty good to the August, September time frame of the last year. That in the top assets that you see we bought in Washington State and in California. They were typically ten 10 bidders and you've been invited of best in final of may be five to six with us there and it was highly competitive a lot of care [ph] compression. I think on these higher end assets there has been improvement over may be 25 or 30 basis points because what we saw they were probably five real bidders versus 10. So it was a better environment to buy, but there still were competitive buyers out there but fewer. And we also stepped down and chase some assets a couple of assets like Allan's where they were completing their lease up and we will and that near of the number bidder's down because we're comfortable with to finish that lease.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: I guess here is a follow and may be in earlier question on Tampa, I guess is that your view with the company on markets at Vegas to Phoenix or Orlando similar in that and that they might reach bottom in '09 and I guess wanted to take three guys to get more aggressive on allocating capital some of those challenge markets over the next 12 to 18 months?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President of Property Operations: Jerry, it might have space to what do you see as a slower I think we spoken to that probably Phoenix and Tampa, Orlando are close to bottom. As Tom mentioned we'll look for opportunities and be opportunistic there. We don't see things compelling out there in those markets right now. Anything you want to there?
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: I would agree with that, Tampa, Orlando has been trailing along the bottom. Phoenix over the last couple months did get quite a bit worse. Luckily we have only have three properties there. But, Phoenix did turn south this past quarter. We're hopefully in our quarter at least 2009, things pop and '09 probably a little bit later trailing Florida I would think Phoenix comes back.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Just one last question. Does your 2008 guidance contemplate any common shares repurchases but through the remainder of the year?
Unidentified Company Representative: We gave guidance at the beginning of the year it had a significant amount of share repurchases of which we've not completed and so it's really hard for us to look out the next five months and say we are going to be able to excluding more share repurchases given where the stock trading, you guys are frustrated as we are but if you see it up 5% one day and down seven the next and its all other period to tied for us to have any forecasting accuracy about what we're going to be able to do or not do. And so yes it was an original guidance, that is correct we have not changed it. Our contemplation is that to be responsible to the market and our part is not to tie ourself to the next quarter or the next six months earnings but we've prudent capital locator's thoughtful about what we have to put in our capital, so I think we're going to continue that posture we don't see any material change and reason for change in our guidance.
Jeffrey Donnelly - Wachovia Securities: Great. Thanks guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time I'll turn the call back to Mr. Toomey for any closing comments.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Operator and for everyone on the call we appreciate your time today and know that you got a few other calls. So we will say goodbye, wish you the best and take care.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude the UDR Inc. Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using AT&T [ph] conferencing. Have a very pleasant rest of your day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-06 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Larry Thede - VP of IR Thomas W. Toomey - President and CEO Jerry A. Davis - Sr. VP, Property Operations W. Mark Wallis - Senior EVP Michael A. Ernst - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Craig Melcher - Citigroup Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs David Bragg - Merrill Lynch Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets Alex Goldfarb - UBS Michael Bilerman - Citigroup Ryan Bennett - Lehman Brothers Haendel St. Juste - Green Street Advisors
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the UDR Inc. First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be opened for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is the recorded Tuesday, May 6, 2008. I would now like turn to conference over to Larry Thede, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Larry Thede - ice President of Investor Relations: Thank you. And thank you for joining us for UDR's first quarter financial results conference call. Our first quarter press release and supplemental disclosure package were distributed yesterday afternoon. In this supplement, we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. Our press release and supplement is posted to our website www.udr.com. We will begin the call with brief comments from management and then open the call to your questions. I would like to note that statements made during the call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of the risks and risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those implied by forward-looking statements is detailed in yesterday's press release and included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. Before I turn the call over to management for comments, I want to highlight that we will hold an Investor Day in Washington, DC on Monday, June 2. Senior management will discuss the company's business strategy, performance and future outlook beginning at 2 PM. on June 2 at the Doubletree Hotel, Crystal City. Cocktails and dinner will follow that evening. The next day on June 3, we will host a property tour of three apartment home communities. The tour will conclude prior to the noon allowing guests time to travel to New York for the NAREIT Conference. To register for the event, please go to the Investor Relations section of our website. Let me now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Larry, and welcome to our call. Joining me on the call today is Mark Wallis, our Senior Executive Vice President responsible for investments and development, Mike Ernst, our CFO, David Messenger, our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Jerry Davis, our Senior Vice President of Operations. We have a new member to the executive team on the call today. Let me introduce Warren Troupe. We announced in February that Warren has joined us as Senior Executive Vice President and General Counsel. But frankly he may have been had one of the longest interviews on record at nearly seven years. You see Warren has been our outside General Counsel since 2001 and has been involved in all our transactions over the years. Topics to cover on the conference call today is operating results, Jerry, will focus on fundamentals in his prepared remarks and will respond to specific market questions. Investment activities including an update on development, redevelopment and acquisitions will be Mark Wallis. And the status of the portfolio sale, use of proceeds and guidance for the year will be Mike. Let me begin with our view of the economy. It certainly seems like we have been in a recession rather you measure it by GDP or business sentiment. Who knows when it started and when it will end but over the last 60 years, we've seen 10 recessions lasting 8 to 16 months each. While they are never the same, they usually are focused around specific sectors or geographies. We believe this is true with this recession specifically the financial and homebuilding sectors leading the downturn. We believe this recession will be below average in duration for a variety of reasons. History will also point out great opportunities are born during recessions and inflation periods. UDR is in a position to take advantage of this environment in three ways. First capital. It is hard to find and it will cost more. This will not be a challenge for UDR. With portfolio sale, we have funded our development, redevelopment, and debt maturities through 2009 and had zero outstanding on our line of credit. We will also be paying a special dividend later this year in the $130 million to $190 million or $1 to $1.50 a share. Second, we have transformed the portfolio focused on 22 markets. As many of you know the right market position and price point are key. Let me highlight three statistics based upon our NOI weighted-average portfolio. Supply, first economists are forecasting a record low multi-family, single-family delivery in 2008 of less than 800,000 homes this year payment. Price points, our average monthly rent of 1,200 compares to an entry-level condo in our markets which would be 2000 a month payment and entry level house of 2,400 a month, meaning even further drops in housing prices should not represent a great threat if anyone can qualify for a loan for those homes. And lastly jobs, 19 of our 22 markets posted positive job growth in the first quarter. While the US is expected to lose 120,000 to 200,000 jobs in 2008, our portfolio is expected to have zero job growth with a weighted average unemployment below 5%. And third, inexperienced team. True none of us have seen all of 10 recessions, although we have an gray hair to prove, we prospered many of them coupled with our strategy, we believe we are in a position to create shareholder value. And again I want to extend a personal invitation that our Investor Day on June 2. You can see the details on our website. We look forward to seeing as many of you there as we can. Let me know me turn the call over to Jerry Davis.
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: Thanks Tom, and good afternoon everyone. I would like to give you some brief commentary on our first quarter operating results. Revenue was up 5% at 32,342 apartment homes that we classify same community homes. Expenses actually decreased by 0.5%, resulting in NOI being up 7.7%. The revenue growth is the result of effective rent growth of 3.6% and an increase in occupancy of 60 basis points from 94.0% last year to 94.6% this year. 15 of our 22 markets had higher occupancy year-over-year and 19 of the markets had higher revenue. We completed our yield star rollout in the fourth quarter of 2007 and to date we are pleased with the results. In addition to our 4.7% growth in net rental income, we also enjoyed an increase in utility reimbursements of 15.9%. The expense growth was negative 0.5% due entirely to insurance expense in the first quarter '08 being 73% lower than last year. Because we are self insured up to a limit, we benefited in first quarter '08 from very low loss experience compared to first quarter '07. Last year, we had heavy losses caused by several large fires in the first quarter. In addition, we rewrote our insurance policy late in 2007, which resulted in a reduction in our premium of about 6%. Administrative and marketing costs were also down 1.8%. Increased administrative expenses this quarter were offset by a 19% reduction in marketing and leasing cost as we continue to pull out print advertising, and push more of our marketing efforts to the Internet. During the fourth quarter… I mean during the first quarter, 46.7% of our move-ins originated through the Internet compared to 35.2% last year. Utilities were flat in large part due to the relatively mild winter. Repairs and maintenance expenses were up 3.8%, personnel expense was up 4.1%, real estate taxes increased 4.2%. We've seen our resident turnover drop in the first quarter to an annualized rate of 50.2% compared to 51.7% in first quarter '07. Move outs to home purchases were 13.5% in first quarter '08 compared to 16.02% in first quarter '07. This quarter our traffic has increased about 10% to 20% year-over-year due predominantly to our increased efforts in Internet marketing, as well as in mid April we completed our full portfolio rollout of a level one call center. Level one now handles all prospect calls after hours, as well as handling rollover calls when our associates are busy helping our residents and are not able to answer the phone. So, far the second quarter is tracking well with within our plan. Our physical occupancy last Tuesday, April 29 was 95.1%. That compares to 94.4% in the same week last year, an increase of 70 basis points. This gives us confidence that we'll have good pricing powers, as we move into our prime-leasing season. We're very encouraged by our first quarter results, but for the most part, they were in line with our expectations. We feel that there is still quite a bit of uncertainty in the economy for the remainder of the year and we do expect revenue growth to ease. We know that we also can't count on the continuing favorable insurance claim comparisons every quarter. At the beginning of the year, we gave operating guidance of 4% to 4.5% growth in revenue, 3% to 3.5% growth in expenses and 5 % to 5.5% growth in NOI. We're still comfortable with those ranges. In closing, I would like to thank all the UDR associates who worked so hard to stay focused during this first quarter, even while being distracted with the portfolio of sale of approximately one-third of our apartment homes, they were still able to turn an industry-leading results. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mark Wallis.
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Thank you, Jerry. I'm going to speak to our core strategy, the first one, and which is to strengthen our portfolio. And I believe we made significant progress in the transformation of UDR's portfolio that began with the $1.7 billion sale that closed at the beginning of March. Now we are involved in the execution of using those proceeds for 1031 exchanges. And I want to briefly review the $580 million acquisitions that we closed this quarter and then I'll briefly touch on our development and redevelopment activities. First community is the community named Edgewater; it is located in the Mission Bay sub-market of downtown San Francisco. Now the Mission Bay redevelopment area is an area that will include the headquarters to the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine, a 2.65 million square foot research campus for the University of California, San Francisco, a 6 million square feet of office, life science and tech space, and ultimately that's going to create over 31,000 new jobs in that sub-market. Now we own 1,800 homes in the metro bay area, that's now our third largest market from an NOI measurement standpoint with 4,097 of those homes located in downtown, San Francisco. This gives us a property down the location that's in walking distance to giant stadium and all the restaurant and retail amenities that make this location one we want to own for the long-term. Another plus about this property, unlike most San Francisco properties, it does not have the required below market rental element in unit count. The second community we acquired is known as Delancey at Shirlington Village in Alexandria, Virginia. This property has great visibility and access is located just south of the Pentagon 395, the major highway that links Northern Virginia and downtown Washington, DC. It's easily accessible from 395 and is in close proximity to employment centers, such as Crystal City, the Pentagon, Roslyn and the Eisenhower Corridor. This is a new product with loft, mid rise and high rise homes, and it is located within walking distance to just under 60,000 square feet of office space that’s currently 97% occupied. This community has an attractive streetscape with retail amenities that a renter of the future will expect. You can go downstairs to a gourmet grocer, you can buy a Starbucks, you can meet friends at restaurant. Once you're home, you don't have to get back in your car. And with this in-fill location we’ve avoided the difficult DC commute of up to two stressful hours. The property was in lease-up when we acquired it and provided opportunity for to us purchase without the typical competition we face from leveraged buyers who now really can't buy this type of lease-up property with GSA money and have to wait until stabilization. The next acquisition was located in the Baltimore market, in the heart of Towson adjacent to Towson Town Center in that central employment area. This property was built in 2003. It includes a structured parking garage and it's adjacent to Towson Town Center, which is a premier shopping destination with quality restaurants. Again, you're at home; you're close to all you need without having to get back in your car. This property has excellent visibility on Dulaney Valley road that carries over 40,000 cars every day. We believe too, there's a percentage of kitchens that can be converted to a more upscale finish that will have extra future rent growth. Circle Towers is a mixed use development contained in three high rise towers located in Fairfax County, Virginia. The property is located in the highly desirable area near the Vienna metro station at the I-66 Corridor and just outside of the 495 Beltway. This is the only residential high rise product in the Vienna metro market, and the mixed use design again provides for renter needs, needs that you can meet without having to get back in your car. There's more than 15 million square feet of office space located within 3-mile radius of the site. This property was constructed in the 1970s. We will redevelop it and it will be done by our team, headed by Richard Geonardy [ph], who have successfully done extensive redevelopments in this region. The incremental rehab expenditures should produce incremental rates of return of 7% to 8%. Legacy apartment homes is located in Legacy Town Center, one of Dallas' newest premier mixed use developments. This consists of three apartment communities that provide urban-style living with 40 restaurants in the area, 450,000 square feet of retail and office within walking distance. The adjoining Legacy Business Park provides a solid job base with a number of Fortune 500 companies. Some of those names are Frito-Lay, PepsiCo, EDS, AT&T Wireless, JC Penney, all of which supports the need for apartment housing in this area. This is a vibrant kind of... it's kind of an uptown Dallas type area but it's located in the West Plano job growth Corridor. The Place at Millenia is our first closing on presale program. Again this product is in walking distance of an upscale mall, where you arrive at your apartment, you can reach the entertainment and restaurants and retail there within walking distance. This property is in lease-up. We leased 30 homes last month, which is a respectful number of what is considered a soft market. We've completed our 1031 exchange identification process, and we expect to purchase an additional 375 million to 425 million of apartment communities that will close by August 30. We have identified properties that are primarily located in Northern and Southern California and in Seattle. And they are in sub-markets that complement our existing portfolio. Now on our development activities, we continue to complete our redevelopment communities and turn them back over our operations. This has been a success and we will have sharper focus in the future on the Northern Virginia market, especially Circle Towers, which I mentioned, and upon assets in California. Our $2.6 million pipeline provides UDR with long-term growth potential. However, we believe that we are managing that pipeline judiciously and with careful restraint. We have only 6% of lease-up and 35% under construction. With 56% of the pipeline producing income, we can be patient in our timings and we look forward to a recovery of the economy in the 2009/2010 timeframe. Our yields remain in the original rage and construction costs are not inflating beyond projections. Also I want to point out that we obtained approval from the city of Addison for a contribution of $39 million for infrastructure and amenity costs of our development in Addison. This development is located strategically near the important intersection of the North Dallas toll road in the LBJ freeway. The location puts residents within 6 miles of some 11 million square feet of office space and the high paying jobs that fill that space. And if you extend that corridor now to the George Bush toll road, an additional 7.7 million square feet of office space that is added to that number. Another important point is 20 minutes from the D/FW Airport only 15 minutes from the Love Field Airport. With the city of Addison approving their funding, we anticipate the Phase I construction commencing this summer. That's my comments regarding our investments and development activity. And now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks a lot, Mark. Let me start by updating everyone on the uses of the cash from our $1.7 billion portfolio sale that we closed about 60 days ago. On March 3, we received $1.45 billion, which was the sale proceeds net of the mezzanine loan of $200 million, closing costs, and then there were two small deals that were delayed due to lender approvals. We closed one of these deals last week and expect to close the other one in the next 30 days. Of the money we received, we use it in the following ways during the quarter. We acquired $580 million of assets, as Mark has outlined. Our cash balances increased by a little over $350 million. We've reduced debt and other liabilities by about $350 million. In addition, we bought back during the quarter 4.8 million shares at $23.33 a total of $112 million. And then we bought another 500,000 shares back since quarter end. At this point, with the state of the capital markets and our considerably higher share price, we're being cautious about additional repurchases, but we'll keep you updated in the future on those. We also spend about $60 million during the quarter on development and redevelopment capital expenditures. At the quarter end, as Tom mentioned, we had nothing drawn on our $600 million line of credit. We had about $400 million of cash balances. For most of March, we had about $1 billion of cash on our balance sheet, as most of the closings that Mark described actually closed right at the end of the quarter. So, that was extremely dilutive during the course of the month of March. We are very cautious on how we invested the funds, because of all the uncertainty and the “safe investments” that we have seen over the last few months. And unfortunately, we are only earning about 2.5% on the cash during the quarter. One other thing to note, because these properties closed right at the very end of the quarter, in the last three days basically, there was very little income that came off of those during the first quarter. As Tom mentioned, if you look at our cash, sources and uses over the next couple of years, we have identified sources for basically all of our committed capital needs, including our development pipeline through the end of 2009. So, we're feeling very good about our position on that front right now. During the quarter, we closed a $240 million two-year bank term loan facility with a group of nine banks. We swapped $200 million of this loan at a 3.61% rate for two years, and the remaining $40 million is floating at LIBOR plus 85. We used the proceeds to retire $200 million of 4.5% bonds, which matured in early March and for various other corporate purposes. Tom also mentioned the special dividend. We believe the range is $130 million to $190 million. We will nail that down by the end of August, when the 1031 exchange periods expire. We are contemplating whether we will pay part of that in stock, and we'll make that decision later this year, depending on a number of factors, including our share price at that point, attractiveness of other investment opportunities, and the state of the capital markets. With our sale now closed and the benefit of a couple of months to analyze how all the pieces are coming together, we've reevaluated our forecast for the year and are lowering the top end of our guidance to $155 million from $160 million. The significant factors leading us to reduce the top end are the lower returns that we're getting on our cash investments, the increase in our stock price which has made it the economics of the share buybacks somewhat less compelling than we originally modeled and then we're buying some assets that are in lease-up that we think our great investments but create quite a bit more dilution in the short-term than we were originally expecting. As a reminder, our new guidance range of $1.50 per share to $1.55 per share is for core FFO only and does not include any potential gains on sale on RH Re [ph]. By our numbers the current consensus on the Street of $1.54 has about $0.03 of RH Re gains in it, so the comparable numbers are $1.51. And then as Jerry mentioned, we have not changed any of our operating guidance for the year and he's still confident we will be in the range we outlined last quarter. That concludes my comments and I'll turn it back over to Tom for any closing remarks.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Operator, we are now ready to take the call for questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Michael Bilerman with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: Hi, it's Craig Melcher here for Michael. Can you talk a bit on the, who were the sellers of assets that you acquired so far in the first quarter?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Mark you want to...
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Yes, I mean. I can give you some general information, sort of respecting some of their wishes on disclosure. The asset in San Francisco was the part of [inaudible] sold developer there… in private developer in San Francisco. And… let me go through this list here, the one in Shirlington Village, another local private owner there, Towson Town Center was a group that had acquired this asset… another private group acquired the asset of probably about 10 years ago, and it’s operating that themselves and it has nothing… a smaller management company there. Legacy apartment homes may be familiar with [inaudible] property, which was actually part of the original Columbus REIT, great developer down there, excellent product. Then, the place in [inaudible] was a…
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: Okay. Do you have a blended cap rate on the acquisitions that you did and also the acquisitions that you're planning on of next few months.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. The blended cap rate is probably going to be in the half works [ph].
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: That's current or...
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: That's current.
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: And where do you...
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: [inaudible] outside that number obviously as we some REITS have got some lease upside and some management upside.
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: And so high 4s on the existing ones you bought and on those targeted ones that you're anticipating that other 350 to 400?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Yes.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: And Craig, just to clarify that that is net of CapEx so...
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Right.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, the actual FFO impact could be higher than that,
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Yes.
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: What type of CapEx and/or management be your… built into that?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: We built in a typical 2.75% management fee unless there is some areas where that needs to be monetized based on additional staff, that pretty well is how we run it. And on, all these product is a new product but we run it at... basically what our standard CapEx is for the whole company even though generally there will be less than that for the first couple of years.
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: Okay. And just two income statement items probably for Mike. The income tax expense line and the subsidiary interest investment income, if you could just comment on these two items and what we could expect for the balance of the year there?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, the income tax expense is actually a... that’s a benefit. It was realized because if there weren’t a lot gains on sale during the first quarter, so you had the ability to recapture prior year’s taxes paid. And I am sorry the other line item you mentioned, Craig?
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: Just on FFO add back, the subsidiary investment income?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's pretty small number. It is 374,000. I think it's related to one of the joint ventures.
Craig Melcher - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Habermann with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys. How are you?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Great.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: I had a question for you. Obviously on NOI growth, you're fully running pretty strong revels year-to-date, based on the occupancy level you cited up until the present, I am just curious what sort of assumptions you're building in. Just sort of get to your full-year guidance. I mean what are you assuming if you're maintaining your occupancy level, is it really a function of deterioration in job growth in the back half of the year?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Not a whole lot of that. A lot of it is we just finished up last year so strong, it’s a more difficult comparisons to last year. We're still little concerned about some parts of Florida and the Inland Empire is weakening a little bit for us. But everywhere else right now, we don't see the job growth really hurting us in our markets.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and obviously the pick up sequentially on expenses, can you just provide some more detail there and I guess in general you've been pretty good at keeping expenses under control and sort of what do you anticipate moving into the balance of the year? Is there still more to go there on expense control?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: First, I'll discuss your sequential increase. The biggest part of that was real estate tax and sequentially were up 15.7% and we accrued taxes throughout the year based on our estimates of rate changes and reassessments and then we get the final tax bill typically near the end of the year we true it up or true it down. And luckily in 4Q07 we had to true it down because we were accruing at too high of a rate. So what you are seeing right now is first quarter '08 we're accruing at a rate that is 4% to 5% higher than all of last year because we basically reduced our accrual in the fourth quarter '07, it looks like a huge increase. In addition, we had gas expense in the first quarter for heating. That was 50%…. 57% higher than in 4Q, and I guess the last component is in fourth quarter of '07, we had extraordinarily low healthcare and workers comp expense in our personnel lines, and we had more normalized loss experience in this quarter. Now going forward, we still feel like the 3% to 3.5% expense growth is in line and as I told you in my opening remarks, personnel is up about 4%, R&M is up 3.8%, tax like I said we think are going to up 4% to 4.5%. Utilities we are hopeful are going to be in the 3% to 4% range. So, we really, we don't anticipate great savings but a lot of it does depend on our insurance, our insurance claims since we are self insured up to a limit.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Okay, just one more question. In terms of the Kitchen & Baths and the upgrades, the renovations you're doing to your properties. What are you seeing from the competition generally in your markets versus the same activities?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are seeing them do what they call a Kitchen & Bath but typically don't think they do it as well as we do. A lot of times they will just change the doors, paint the cabinets, change the counter tops. We do a Kitchen & Bath, we replace the entire cabinet tree. We also go in and typically put in... we put in all new appliances, do a lighting upgrade and change up the flooring. So a lot of people's K&B is, let's pull the outdoors off, put new doors on and paint the boxes.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And just for Mike, are you assuming any share repurchases in the guidance for full-year, additional share repurchases?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, the current guidance does not have any additional share repurchases. However, obviously, we may very will do that which would provide upside.
Jay Habermann - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Bragg with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good afternoon. Just another income statement question for Mike here. Could you talk about the other income line? What are the components of that in addition to interest income?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: David, I believe most of that is interest income off of the $1 billion of cash that we had sitting on the balance sheet for a good... well for most of March. You also have one-month worth of income on the mezzanine note that runs a little over $1 million a month. And I don't think, I think that was really most of it. There may be have been a few minor miscellaneous things but…
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. Then looking at the development page, Mark could you just run us through real quick the expected commencement of deliveries or the commencement of lease ups over the balance of this year?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Yes, I can do that. I'm going to refer to... I’m over on a schedule, that’s where I am looking at.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Yes, for 8B actually?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: 8B, that's correct. If you look at Tiburon, that one is in lease up and we expect that to be stabilized probably by the third quarter. Lease ups doing going very well there. Currently in part we will just be commencing construction, same thing in Hawking Street. Mission Bay has not commenced construction yet. Signal Hill will commence construction in the second quarter. Laura Wood we've just turned two buildings there and opened a club house. So that lease up has just now begun, anyhow the rate of lease up down in Huston is 10, 20, 30 units a month and we are hitting a good period. There is a lot of jobs out there in that sub- markets. So we expect that to do well. Belmont has just commenced construction in the last quarter; we have work commenced on Waterside Towers. We have started a grading work at the residence of Stadium Village buildings where there is no big lease up, not being leased up this year. [inaudible] Phase II I would expect based on all the plans have been put on next side and we're going vertical on two to three of them. So, we will start lease up there probably in the probably into the third quarter, we’ll have buildings turned and the clubhouse ready to go. And that’s, and Jefferson at Marina del Rey, which is our joint venture with JPI, the clubhouse is now openly started turning units and gotten the permits to do those COs there. So, that has commenced lease up in the last three weeks. And then, the project in Orlando, which really… gets on our development page but was we're in lease up there, they we're probably about 58% leased at this point. I think I have covered all of them, that’s for now.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Now I think that's it. Thank you. And then just lastly, Mike, what's your expected redevelopment spend over the balance of this year?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It depends on a little bit on timing of some of the starts later in the year. But, I think it’s only about $60 million, $60 million or $70 million.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I don't think we will top over $60 million just based on timing and permitting some of these Western California markets' permitting across just more prolong, so that would probably keep some $60 million or less range.
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We're really at the point where we're finishing a lot of this stuff that was in the first stage and we were getting ready to identify some new ones. So, they will be actually a little bit of a low during the course of the middle part of this year as a redevelopment.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: And then you would shift towards California?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Correct. Okay.
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. And I mentioned we’ll still do some work in the Northern Virginia markets especially Circle Towers.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks and good afternoon. Good morning.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes it is.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Good morning right. So, in terms of stock dividend component, I mean do you have any idea how much that would be stock, have you talked to investors about their interest in getting a stock dividend a little cash, I mean how much of this have you investigated so far?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: This is Tom. Rich, I think what we're seeing from large institution is a leaning towards stock instead of cash. But, we're still out collecting input and always want to listen to our shareholders, and be responsive to their desires; I mean we do work for them, so.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Thomas W. Toomey - President & Chief Executive Officer: That's where we stand on it.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. If the stock were trading where it is today, would you be inclined to have stock element?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Most likely, yes.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. In terms of the, the buying activity obviously you had some redeployment needs and executed on lot of it this quarter, the past quarter. How did you handle that sort of 1031 redeployment pressure with making sure you've got the best deal that you could? In other words, what was your pipeline of deals that you had to choose from whether your new sellers weren't going to pressure you into a better deal for themselves?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Well, I'll comment on that first and Tom may have some comments on that too, this Mark. In the 1031 process you are allowed to identify assets over and above the dollar amounts you ultimately spend and there is some specific rules there but, let’s generally at least 2 to 2.5 times the amount. So we've approached it, we're identifying a lot of quality properties and now we're trying to pick the best of several on our plate. And the ones that we closes, some of these we started work on before actually the sale had closed so that we wouldn't be under that pressure. They were assets we wanted to buy and last quarter we mentioned the closing of Marina del Rey that actually was reverse exchange that came into this $1.7 billion sales. So two things, we've identified properties early in markets that we wanted, and then second thing is we've identified more properties than we ultimately buy and we are competing against each other to get the best deal.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. That was the point exactly actually. So, and how do you feel let's say you weren’t under any pressure to buy assets today. Do you think you may be gave up 25 basis points of cap rate or do you have any sense of what you could have done in terms of the negotiating process?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: I'll answer it this way. I mean I think any time you're making a number of purchases like this each deal has its own character to it. And we are viewing it, the way I think about it is, we are buying a portfolio in the end of $800 million to $900 million and highly lock that portfolio, how does it fit our company. And so, you have one, I expect we have got 50 basis points better than I thought what we get. Another may be we are 25 basis points we paid may be 25 basis points higher but there is some benefits that being adjacent to other properties. So Jerry has got some management benefit there to it. I think it pretty well equals itself out, how it’s been going so far. There is some higher quality properties here that we are buying at a good stage of lease up, there is some upside in but we are not taking them zero occupancy. So overall the balance… some were up, some were down, but overall pretty much where we want to be.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Last question you mentioned the high 4s cap rate with the CapEx etcetera and where do you think that number trends on an apples-to-apples basis once you get that lease up properties to stabilization?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Well, I mean. I think pretty quick all of these assets are being in the 6% yield range in the next 12 months to 18 months, that is how we're forecasting this portfolio to perform. And I think Jerry has been pretty pleased with the assets we have turned over so far. We are hitting our numbers and Jerry's team is very much involved in setting this process. The acquisition group is going to turn the property over to him and hope that they get the number stay. They sign off with us on these numbers and we go out as a team, so…
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Rich this is Toomey, I’ll just add a couple of things, and one time we made a decision last July to go after the portfolio sales. At that time, we knew we are going to be a 1031 buyer. And Mark, we turned them loose. Jerry and his team Mat Atkin, and really said listen lock up what makes sense, and extend, extend, extend and keep bleeding the prices to make sense. And so, lot of these were assets that even if you look back at the contracts and negotiations, you would find several addendums and you find that we strung them out to a, insure that the closing happens, but also slating out sellers in terms of credit crisis you're not going to find GSAs lending that much and that was one tactic. The second tactic was to really go after value creation efforts, the 1972 tower, great deals almost 100% occupied, haven’t raised in ages on the darn thing, meaning we got a real opportunity to add some value by rehabbing it, and the others lease ups where the GSAs are not going to finance those deals, there is no money available. The only other buyer of those are going to be 1031 buyers or pension. And we didn't find a whole lot people knocking on those doors. So, we understood the market very well and think that in the end it might not been a great short-term earnings kind of positive event but a long-term value creation for our shareholders. And a lot of stuff sit right in our strike zone in terms of markets, overlaid our new portfolio in terms of 22 markets and in terms of value creation capability. We're not finding the… on great vice [ph] in my opinion.
Richard Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Goldfarb with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Thank you and good morning to you. Just summing up on the 1031 question, just looking at your 1031 balance on the balance sheet of about $350 million, can you just reconcile that to the $360 million or so that you've done so far?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, the balance that's on the balance sheet at March 31 is in accounts for future acquisitions. So, as March 31, all the ones we have already done. They have been funded out of the cash from the sale.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay, so the remaining balance, the $350 million is also a more 1031 money, it’s not cash that's free and clear?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay. Your thought earlier in some of the previous conversations there with an amount of money may be $400 million or so that was free and clear cash above and beyond the 1031 needs.
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The $400 million that I've referenced was all cash. So it included, approximately $350 million that's sitting in 1031 accounts and that about $50 million that's just pretty included do with what we want.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay. Okay, and then going on to the expense line, just two expense questions, one when you guys do any build backs for utility or anything like that. Is that netted out in the expense line, or is there a revenue line with an offsetting expense line?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's a revenue line with an offsetting expense line.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay, and then on the self insurance, did all of that flow through the operating expenses or does any of that flow through G&A or another non-property related line?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's all operating expenses.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay. So, whether it's a claim or an expense, it also through operating expenses?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS: Okay. Great, thank you very much.
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: [inaudible] interacting questions, somebody do it differently Alex, I thought we're insuring property. He’s… already, that’s al right, keep going.
Operator: Our next question comes [inaudible] with KBW. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. Mike, with the increase in development activity, kind of ramping up here. Can you just give me a sense of where capitalized interest was first quarter and where it goes kind of throughout the rest of the year?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I believe in the first quarter it’s in the supplement. I believe it was $3.3 million, is that correct? $3.5 million $4 million, something like that. Yes $3.3 million in the first quarter. We are expecting over the course of the year, I think what's in our forecast is it’s about $4 million in Q2, $4.5 million and $5 million those are approximations in the third and fourth quarter. So, it ramps up over the course of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, you had mentioned a couple of the dispositions held over into the quarter, if there is $50 million, or so I think it's held for sale on the balance sheet, is that, those properties or are there other things held for sale?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: There is a couple of condos that are still classified as held for sale, I think if you look at that $55 million number, I believe $35 million to $40 million of it was the other two properties left over from the big portfolio sale, of which we closed the larger ones. So, there’s only about 10 left of those and then the rest is condos.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And Tom, I think you referred that basically you've got everything funded through 2009, does that include any incremental sales from here?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, it does not.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is a follow up from Michael Bilerman. Please go ahead.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And it's silly [ph] question of 500,000 shares you bought so far in the second quarter, where were those done?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have the exact number for those 500,000. But, I know when you average those in; you are at $23.50 instead of $23.33. So, they were up a bit higher obviously as the stock prices going up, and they were very much weighted towards the first couple of weeks of the quarter.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: All right. And it sounds like given the stock at close to $25 your appetite to buy stock is completely diminished?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I wouldn't say completely diminished, I think what we felt is, it was a time to take a pause, take a look at how some of these 1031s play out. I get a better gauge of how the capital markets play out over the next couple of months and see where we stand, I think we still like the price, I think we do not like it as much as $21 or $22.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: But, I guess with your stock trading, it has called 63,64 [ph] implied cap rate and these deals that you went into high 4s and hope to get to a 6. I know there is some tax implications in 1031 positions, but a sort of how we understand why you wouldn't be aggressively continuing to buy the stock as it offers a better return potential than going out and buying assets?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you look at the return potential or development pipeline and the rehab pipeline, and it looks very compelling even compared to the stock. And you haven't seen us got just by acquisitions unless there was a tax motivation reason to do it. So, and we think that tax issues are significant enough where that make sense for us to do the 1031s in most cases?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Plus, we've also very cautious in these capital market environment, that if your company that's got to raise capital in this environment, you might be paying dearly for it and that doesn't look like it's going to ease any time soon, so saving capital is an important part of... and creates an opportunity for the window so…
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Right. And I think Tom you had mentioned on one of the assets… of the assets you acquired they hadn’t raised rents, I think you said 20 years or something. But, may be you can just walk through a sort of growth in that return from the high 4s, of course the low 4s may be I’m mixing up my own notes, going to a 6, how much of it’s just leasing up those two under leased assets, how much of it’s rent growth that just sort of splitting it out in terms of going out to 12 to 18 months.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer:
It's a hard question:
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'll tell to you the general answer there is as far a splitting it out, it's probably there is 30% to 35% just lease up improvement in there and majority is agreeing with that and then I think the balance is just our team getting in there putting our leasing strategy, our Internet strategy on top of it and racing rents and I mentioned to that there is a limited amount of can be opportunity little bit down the road that help us get there but I think 35% or so will be sort of lease up, and the rest is just working on it in our style of management.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Just getting up that monthly revenue number?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: And the monthly revenues numbers that you show, those are current or those are you targeted?
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I believe those are the current ones in a disclosure, yes.
Michael Bilerman - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Bennett with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Ryan Bennett - Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon guys. I know you don't give earnings guidance regarding RE3 because one of you guys were actively in the market with any of the assets from RE3 and if so what markets they would be in?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: This is Mark. I'll answer that question, there is nothing active obviously at times you do get unsolicited offers, I will say, the assets we have in RE3 they are in the Dallas and Huston markets. Those markets are pretty strong, and we're just getting those to the point where it will be proper to mark, we don't want to mark them too early, but there is some interest once those things are stabilized, and that looks steady later half of year.
Ryan Bennett - Lehman Brothers: Got it. And what sorts of buyers are usually look after this pension funds, life insurance companies?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: People want brand new product and those markets there is always a lot of buyers in those markets and yes, obviously people that can tap those sources, you've got management operations around those kind of assets. We will see how that plays out.
Ryan Bennett - Lehman Brothers: And just lastly, in dealings with your capital markets, have you seen any of the spreads lining out of any [inaudible] past quarter or so?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, spreads what we have seen with those guys is that the absolute rate has actually stayed pretty constant. So, the spread has tended to widen and narrow sort of according to the… what happens with the underlying treasuries. But, if you're at the five-year end of the curve, you're kind of in the low to mid five, if you're at the 10-year end, you are probably in the high five somewhere, and that's been I think fairly consistent for the last several months.
Ryan Bennett - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Haendel St. Juste with Green Street Advisors. Please go ahead.
Haendel St. Juste - Green Street Advisors: Hi, good morning. I guess, good afternoon for you guys, good morning for us. Tom just wanted to get some color from you. We have been hearing talks of portfolio discounting in the marketplace, I wanted to hear your thoughts on this, and if you could also discuss the tax spread the marketplace today, what do think it is when you could see that closing a bit?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I guess, bid ask, I’d chime in and ask Mark for any more color there. It certainly seems like everything today is funneling through what Fannie and Freddie are able to lend at and that people are seeking anywhere from a 100 basis points to 150 basis points spread over that to get into this market. So, if they are landing at 5.25, seems to me that the market is at 6.25 to 6.75 and that's where people are able to transact with an ease of comfort about this economy and it's... whether it's slowing and at what pace. So I don't see that I guess I read the same research you do, [inaudible] looks like volume is up $5 billion a month which is about an average kind of pace in the year if you take out the LBOs. So it seems like transactions are getting done and seems like to us Fannie and Freddie are there, lending that of stabilized number, and proceeds are tightening in terms of what their coverage is are, so people have to put more equity. Seems to me in past experience when more equity is required, pace slows down, bid ask, trades lengthen out. Translated, I think it would be very tough for us to get our portfolio sales to be done today at the cap rate we did just 90 days ago. So, I think we've got a great execution in that calendar. Anything else you would add, Mark?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Just... a general commentary on the bid ask, I think the bid ask is nearing although there is still sellers out there that maybe the bid ask is 6% to 7% spread going in, I would say the last 30 days, the top end on the ask is they are coming off pretty quick, were as Tom mentioned before, earlier in this process, it was a slow process of negotiating the deal down, but... so I think they are narrowing, but there is still some people putting assets out there for sale at pretty high prices but they're happened to come off those, but the sellers seem to be getting a little more realistic now as Tom mentioned, because they are looking the ruby mirror and they are realizing that they can’t sell those assets but they could have done six months ago.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: And on your point about portfolio sale, I think you are right on a point there is even when we are transacting our portfolio, we found a lot of buyers with a $100 million to $200 million of equity on a levered basis meaning they could buy $1 billion in the marketplace today. But you don't find a lot of people with $1 billion out in the marketplace, and so large portfolios are going to be hard to get done or they are going have to be club deals to get done. Anything under $1 billion is probably something that you would have interest from a number of buyers and probably get an auction going. Anything above that it appears to us that there is very, very few one-off buyers and so they translate to clubbing and that means clubbing both ways gets a little bit of a beating.
Haendel St. Juste - Green Street Advisors: Wasn't sure which clubbing you were talking about there.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I understand. You're always bright. You will pick it up.
Haendel St. Juste - Green Street Advisors: I guess, any color you guys can share at this point on the Addison JV discussions you mentioned that this was going to be one of your near-term focuses. Anything you could share there?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say, yes. We have just gotten the money nailed down from the city with a sort of the numbers have been a little bit influx until we had that result. I think that's a significant priority for the rest of the year.
Michael A. Ernst - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We got to be excited that for those of who are going to be DOI [ph] on the call later this week in Dallas, we are going to have a ground breaking ceremony on Thursday and should have a prominent section of the Wednesday Dallas morning new business page on this development. So, the city is turning out in mass. It's a defining moment for a small city, suburb of Dallas to bring the property of this caliber on line. So, I think that helps us, second, we have already leveled the significant number of the apartment homes and that's gone well and believe it or not even a demolition on an green play. So I think property is going to get a lot of press, we are in control of a, the development timing, the markets in the upswing. We think it's a good time to be knocking on doors, but don't feel compelled that we have to; it is a multi-based, multi-year deal.
Haendel St. Juste - Green Street Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Ole [ph] with ABG Investments. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. Just a couple of questions. Hopefully, I didn't miss them, I had to hop off the call for a minute but have you guys looked at repurchasing any of your unsecured notes in the market. A couple of your, I guess competitors or other REITS have kind of nibbled at that. And it seem like there were at some point trading at the good discount. I have a follow-up also?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: We bought back in February; space amount of the bonds was about $67 million bought them at a yield to maturity in the high 6s. And bought them about $4.5 million discount phase.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. The next question is did you guys provide an outlook for FFO and core NOI for 2Q?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we did not. We are trying to get away from doing quarterly guidance. So we updated the year guidance but don't have anything for 2Q.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then the follow-up question, Tom, you kind of gave a shout out earlier about I guess the self-insurance. And I think the question was relating to in part one of your peers excludes what they term casualty and losses from the same store not necessarily from operating expense but from the same store comparison and I guess you can approach it to... and I think in part, I don't want to speak with them but in part their argument was that with this core trend if you have a large sort of unpredictable one-time event and maybe you can just give me your take on that?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think everybody has their own right to make their own decision. It just struck me that, you wouldn't be excluding that, it seems like a cost of doing the business and maybe one of those things that you disclosed how much self-insurance risk you do take. And how you expect to manage it, and the rationale behind it. I am not critical of anyone; I just haven't heard that before. It caught me by surprise.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. And just to follow that up, how much of an influence on the expense rate this quarter was the comparison of somebody not throwing a toaster in the bathtub this year versus last year?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we hopefully we can stop smoking and sleep with the cigarettes these days.
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: This is Jerry. Given where our other expenses lined up like I said utilities were flat, repairs were up 3.5% to 3.8%, personnel was up 4%, taxes were up 4.2%, ad marketing was down 1.8%. If you had flat insurance, we probably would have been somewhere in that 3.5% to right about 3.5% growth range.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: At this time I’m showing no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back over to management for any concluding remarks that they may have.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you operator and thank you all of you for participating on our call today. We hope to see you in June 2 in DC, which I think you will get to me, a significant member of the management team and towards some fabulous assets. So we look forward to seeing you there and with that wish you the best of luck for the rest of the earnings season and take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the UDR Inc. first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. ATT would like to thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Larry D. Thede - VP, IR Thomas W. Toomey - President and CEO W. Mark Wallis - Senior EVP Jerry A. Davis - Sr. VP, Property Operations
Analysts: Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America Christine O'Connor - Morgan Stanley Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets David Bragg - Merrill Lynch Jeff Miller - JMG Capital Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets Alexander Goldfarb - UBS Securities LLC Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co. Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the UDR Investors' Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Conference call is being recorded today, Wednesday January 30, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Larry Thede, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Larry D. Thede - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for today's conference call. We will cover our fourth quarter financial results and discuss yesterday's announcement that we have entered into a contract to sell 25,684 apartment homes for $1.7 billion. The press releases, the supplemental financial disclosure package, and a set of PowerPoint slides were distributed yesterday afternoon, and are available on our website, at www.udr.com. For the PowerPoint slides, which we will review during this call, click on the Corporate tab on the upper right of the page which will then take you to the page with the links for those slides. The link is labeled 1.7 Billion Portfolio Sale Supplemental Materials. In the fourth quarter supplement we have reconciled all non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measure in accordance with Reg G requirements. We'll begin the call with comments from management and then open the call to your questions. I would like to note that the statements made during the call, which are not historical, may constitute forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be met. A discussion of the risk factors that could cause actual results to differ from those implied in forward-looking statements is detailed in yesterday's press releases and are included in our filings with the SEC. We do not undertake a duty to update any forward-looking statements. Let me now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Tom Toomey.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Larry, and again welcome to this call. Joining me on the call today is Mark Wallis, Mike Ernst and Jerry Davis. I have some prepared remarks and then we'll open up the call to questions-and-answers. Again I want to highlight that we have a PowerPoint presentation which I will use in my comments and I encourage you to pull that up it is at udr.com, under the Corporate tab, and I encourage you to get that while I prepare... give you my prepared remarks. As Larry stated, we issued three press releases last night: one, dealing with the $1.7 billion portfolio sale; the second, the fourth quarter and full year financial results; and the third was our share repurchase program which has been expanded. We will cover all three on today's call in detail, but before I get into individual ones, let me talk about the fourth quarter operating results, which, first, were inline with our expectation at $0.43 before one-time charge of $0.03 for restructuring, a lot of that related to just a bulk of portfolio sale and a corporate wide review of the organization. We did not record any gains on sale in our RE3, I think everyone is quite aware that the fourth quarter was a turbulent financial time and liquidity was not available, so a number of transactions did not occur. And what I consider the highlight of the quarter is NOI growth of 8% on a healthy near 5% revenue line, and achieving an operating margin of nearly 70%. So, in summary, I thought it was a very good quarter, Jerry and his team did a number of great things in our marketplaces, and the Company did well. So, let me now turn my comments to the portfolio sale, and before I turn to the PowerPoint, I would like to just give you what I feel is probably hard to pick up from the press releases which is why did we do this, what we are really looking at, and how did we think about the portfolio sale? And I think there are three things that were overriding in our thought process about this transaction. First, was to take advantage of the public versus private valuation arbitrage. I mean, clearly we sold a handpicked portfolio of assets that we would classify below average compared to the remaining portfolio out of 6.5 cap rate, and we can certainly talk about how to calculate cap rate. When the stock was trading at a grater than 7% cap rate, I think, that is capturing that public to private evaluation was critical to us. The second was in a period of time that we have today where liquidity is tough to come by. Financial flexibility was critical in our view and so we wanted to create more financial flexibility for our future, in particular to acquire assets, complete our development and redevelopment efforts, and certainly repurchase shares. And the third, focus the Company. And focus the Company was important in our long-term view in executing our strategies. So with that, why don't I to the PowerPoint, and I hope by now all of you have it. First on the cover, clearly the topics, we have six to cover today. First off, is the portfolio sale, I will go through the detail of that transaction including the benefits. Second is the talk about new UDR and the characteristics of our portfolio. The third: our development activities and pipeline. Fourth is the redevelopment effort. Fifth is the corporate realignment and related charges. And our outlook for 2008. Page number two, certainly where I choose the title Transformation for Growth, because I think in the end when you get done with this presentation you are going to realize we have transformed UDR. And I think we're very excited about that future and look forward to it. But the transaction, first we are selling a little over 25,000 apartment homes for $1.7 billion. The buyer is DRA, and they are partnering with Steven D. Bell to run the assets. They are expected to close on March 3, which is less... pretty close to 30 days, that's a tight close. We are comfortable that they will get there. We'll talk about how much money they have up and the likelihood of closing, but we are very confident they will close. What will they close on? First, the portfolio that has an average rent of $744 a month. We calculate the cap rate at 6.56 that's trailing NOI that $650 a month in CapEx... 650 a door per CapEx... and a 2.75 management fee. Clearly, we believe these assets have historically consumed more than 650 a door and will get into... I am certain on this call, a little bit more about cap rate conversation. The average age was 24 years, this represents a selling price of $67,000 per door. What will we receive in win? On March 3 we expect to receive 1.5 billion in cash and a note receivable with a fixed rate of 7.5% with a maturity of six years locked out for pre-payment for 14 months. Certainly the 7.5 is the higher coupon than could be obtained in the mortgage market, so we expect to be paid off 14 months. What will we do with the capital, first acquisitions, we have got $500 million to $600 million that we are targeting of which $320 million is already under contract in targeted market and expected to close the first week of April. We expect to payoff debt $500 million to $600 million, leaving out cash between $300 million and $500 million and closing at a note receivable $200 million. The benefits of this transaction certainly a stronger portfolio for growth that we will have a little over 44,000 apartment homes in ten states with an average rent in the fourth quarter of $1,163 a month which we expect to grow past $1,200 a month with an average age of 15. We believe that this portfolio has less capital requirement than the prior enterprise, and certainly has better exposure to the right demographics and job growth. Again the other benefits we see, capturing the arbitrage between public and private, generating the ability to buy back our shares on an accretive basis, reducing our debt and creating further financial flexibility, and I would have note that we expect to continue to maintain or grow the current dividend and certainly the ability of our development and redevelopment will have a greater impact on a smaller enterprise. And lastly, we have completed the right-sizing on this organization and it will not be lingering thought or effort on our side. It is done. Let me now turn to page 3. The characteristics of the portfolio contrasting it where it was as of December 31st, where what is sold and certainly what the new UDR looks like. Highlights in my view is an operating margin of nearly 70% and an average monthly rent of |$1,200 a month and you can see how that compares with an old and a new UDR to our peers. And I would highlight in the bottom the recurring capital expenditures as a percentage of the NOI. And you can see, certainly the assets that we sold had a disproportionate amount of capital that was being spent on them. Page 4 highlights the portfolio, on 4, what assets are sold by state, and there is a detailed list now our website of every community that is being sold, the details related to them. And certainly the new UDR, certainly a focus that I think will get into in the Q&A is California, now representing 41% of our 2008 NOI forecast, Florida at 19%, and Virginia, DC, and Maryland combined are nearly 25%. So, when I back up I look at the enterprise and say that nearly 90% of the enterprise is California, the DC corridor or Florida where we see long-term growth, job formation all in positive territory. And certainly we can understand where Florida is today, and we will discuss our view on that later in this call. This is a... if you will... a handpicked portfolio. We look at every asset from a perspective of its rent, its margin, its exposure to its submarkets, its exposure to competition, its future capital requirements and we chose this portfolio. We are very excited about what it does for us both in the short-term and its long-term potential. Moving to page 5, now I want to discuss, I think, we continue to read a lot about development and how people view it, we have always had a cautious stance on development, and we do have a planned $2.6 billion program with our targeted being $400 million to $500 million annually. The targeted returns are 6.5% to 7.0%. I think it's important as we're in what I would call a transitional part of the cycle to understand what your exposure is to development. And we measure exposure in terms of how much is leasing up, where its leasing up, how much is under-construction and certainly how much of its generating NOI and how much is making dirt? And we provided that detail, you can certainly see that, one, we feel very comfortable that our pipeline is being delivered into the right markets, at the right time. With the current 400 million be coming online in 08, 80% of that is being delivered in Southern California, Texas or DC. And looking at 09, 80% coming on in Texas, Southern California and Seattle. So we think we are delivering the right pipeline at the right time and we will be... Mark will give you an update in terms of how the lease ups are going. Moving onto page 6, our redevelopment efforts, and we feel this is one of our strengths, certainly one of our better value creators with targeted returns of 8% to 10%, a lot of our efforts in the Florida, Virginia, Tennessee, and Maryland, Texas markets are coming online in '08 and will help our earnings. And certainly we are now more focused on the West Coast where we believe we have an active pipeline under review, and you'll see us starting delivering results out there in '08 and '09. Going to page 7, in connection with both the portfolio of sale, we really completed a top-down review of the organization as well as the bottom-up it looked as if we were starting over where will we go, and how would we align our resources, what areas did we not have enough resources and literally took the enterprise apart, and concluded that first and foremost we needed to change the corporate office to Denver that in fact it had been here but we just needed to recognize that, and second that we needed to realign a lot of our resources around our key drivers and our business leaders. Dallas is now about 80 individuals and represents the core of our developmental effort. Richmond is our focus for redevelopment and some backroom support functions. It has approximately 80 people as well. And then you have Denver with about 80 dealing with corporate, IT and finance and financial reporting. In connection I read from the fourth quarter, we took a $30.6 million charge which we would believe generates a $2 million annual savings, but becomes, creates a more efficient and effective UDR. The table at the bottom, I think, shows that we are pretty sensitive to our G&A as a percentage of our revenue and very comfortable with it relative to our peers. Page 8, certainly we look back in November 5th and gave guidance in a core of our portfolio as well as our RE3 gains, and as you can see without the restructuring we were right at the target level for our core but no RE3 gains, and certainly post restructuring we're $0.40 for the quarter. What else would I say, I think you look at the operating results by region and you can see that on revenue line the Southeast continues as is primarily Florida to be weak, but the rest of our regions are very strong on revenue growth, and Jerry will probably comment later in the call about how is January '08 outlook are? So, I thought again it was a good fourth quarter, performed where we expected, certainly the market threw, all of us a curveball, as it relates to capital and liquidity. Page 9, let me tell you, we have got a lot of moving parts which make it extremely difficult at this time for us to provide '08 guidance. First, we'd like to get the closing of the sales done. Second, we've got some acquisitions under contract as well as others that we're underwriting. We would like to have firmer grip on that. Share repurchase, certainly we have the authorization and the financial firepower to do so. And then the potential for a special dividend, connection with this transaction we have got $840 million tax gain. We believe we can cover a lot of that in a number of ways, but there is a potential for a special dividend. So, we provided, overall, guidance as it relates to our same-store sales outlook, and other key assumptions on our CapEx per door and G&A, and certainly you can see our market outlooks. There is number of what I would call very solid markets, some extraordinarily hot markets, and again we think Orlando and Tampa probably will have a negative for '08. One other highlight about the outlook for '08. Given this capital environment, we do not believe that giving guidance on RE3 gains is practical, that's not to say that it is not a good effort, but we have always entered into that effort saying that if someone paid us the right price, we would sell an asset. We think it's very difficult in this capital environment for us to see some of those gains. So, if we do lock-in on a few, we'll tell you about them. But we are not providing any guidance in that area. So with that I think what you will see is the transaction fits our strategies, in terms of strength in our portfolio, expanding our RE3 capability, implementing an operations platform which we call 2.0 and sourcing low cost of capital. And the transaction fits all of those strategies and helps us move forward as an enterprise. I think you will find the rest of us are extremely excited about completing this, and that it is an opportunity to create a new UDR and we are excited about that UDR. So with that, I will now open it up to questions and appreciate your time. Let's go. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dustin Pizzo with Banc of America. Please go ahead.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: Hey, good morning. Tom, just first on the portfolio transaction, I mean, how much of a spread do you think that there is between the assets that you are selling and the remaining portfolio on a capital basis? And then also, if you could just comment, given the changes in the capital market, I mean, where do you think these assets would have traded six to nine months ago?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the spread between what we sold and what we think we have left for balance and our roll-out, all that market, I think, it's probably a 150 basis points, maybe 170.
Unidentified Company Representative: I would say 170.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I mean, I think the portfolio post, if you look, at 41%, California; 25%, DC. I can't find anything in that market that would trade north of a 5.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: Okay.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think Florida representing 20% of the enterprise is probably in a market that probably trading 5-7 range, do the math you probably at about 4-8, 4-9 range.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: Okay, and then just --
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Where were they traded?
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: With.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Where were they traded six months a year ago?
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: Yes.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the couple of things, six months ago this portfolio doesn't trade, because there was frankly no lending, no capital available, and so zero is your answer, wouldn't have traded at all.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: All right, we will call it 9 to 12 months ago, then.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Prior to that my view is probably trades at about where it is. I think what you got, is you got NOI that improves in this portfolio probably 5% over that time horizon, capital cost, Fannie-Freddie lending practices are about a 5% at 75% - 80% loan-to-value on this portfolio. You do this spread it probably trades at about 6.5, these asset moved a lot over that timeframe. I think it went way down and then it's come back up, Mark do you got a viewpoint?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: No, I think that's right. And I think there is somewhat of uniqueness in that trading this as a large portfolio that we got a good option. On that we might not have gotten nine months ago, I don't believe we would have, so I think certainly it's the same but not slightly better.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: Okay, and then with respect to DRA, it sounds like they are funding it through Fannie and Freddie about 80% leverage, 5% or?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't want speak for them, but our understanding of their financial structure is something along the line, 75%, 80%; Fannie financing at 5 or less on a six to seven year piece of paper and they have our beds in their and they have now rate-locked with Fannie and have part money up with them. And by Friday of this week they will have 25 million on part with us. So, we are comfortable that they are going to close. And for a company that uses a lot of leverage, we think they've got a good deal. And they hit the market, I think, at about the right hour almost, in terms of their rate-locks and their finance, so.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: Okay and then.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good deal for them as well. One of those few transactions you back up and look and say, both parties won, they got something out of it they wanted. We are excited about it. We think they are good operators and I know a lot of our people are on the call, and I'll tell you we picked them. I think they are good operator: Mr. Bell and his team.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: Fair enough, and then just turning over to the same-store guidance real quick. I mean, not to say you have any better cost side capabilities [ph] than anyone else, but what kind of broader economic assumptions you bake in there for job growth and GDP growth, and maybe you could just elaborate on how you kind of view the world right now?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's kind of asking me to pour the Mississippi river into a tea cup and try to explain; I'm not much of an economist. And so I've always kind of been a person that says when you throw a blanket over big numbers like job growth of a million next year, what you really have to realize is somewhere in the US 2 million jobs are beings generated and million jobs are being lost. Where I want to be is where the 2 million jobs are being generated. And so we are very encouraged about our particular, for example, Southern California portfolio, because a lot of it's right up within two to three miles of the beach. And so that's where people want to live. We are very encouraged about the DC portfolio, primarily because we are inside the beltway or we are on transportation node. Florida, we understand that it is a weak market today, but over the long-term given it's taxes, it's job growth and diversity of the economy it is going to be a booming state, and we felt that it was important to hold our presence there and we sold what we thought we had extracted all the value out of. So a lot of it, I know it'd be great if I could say, gosh, we think it's a GDP of 1.5, I couldn't tell you how the 1.5 or 1.7 would drive down in the market. What I can tell you from the bottom-up, which is how we run our business, looking at individual assets, our exposure to jobs, our exposure to the long-term aspects of investment. We are very excited about the markets that we are in, and we think we've picked up not just for the short-term but the long-term, and picked... hand-picked the assets. I think that's what was important about this transaction to us. And I think out there, if you back up and say how do I view the world, one, it's an election year. And people need to realize election years you see it all the time, politicians want to make you feel like you need change, and so they talk down everything. And that's to drive you to vote for them because then they are making it all better. The second element is I am encouraged by the Feds and a lot of other people taking action or even the government, stimulus package, cutting rates, trying to get this economy going again. Third, I can't identify a lot of employers or industries that are, frankly, softening that we have exposure to. So, I don't worry much about it. The financial markets we certainly see lenders coming back to the market just slowly and at higher prices. So, I think the lock jam is broke it's just going to take time to start moving capital freely. So, I am more of an optimist than a pessimist about the future, but I don't want to keep getting too much of that I said it's like pouring the Mississippi river into the tea cup, it's too hard to do, why don't we move on.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: Sure and then just the last question, I just want to follow-up on Southern California, since you mentioned it. I mean, would you attribute kind of what appears to be somewhat more aggressive guidance than your peers out there who have also given guidance to the better locations as you alluded to or?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I will let Jerry speak, and as you know Jerry ran that operation out there for three years, was number one in its markets for three consecutive years. So, first I'd tell you Tim... Dustin, but I'll let him add to that.
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: Yeah, I agree with what Tom says about our geography. We have 4,100 units in Orange County. The bulk of it is located in Newport Beach, Huntington Beach and Costa Mesa, a few miles within each other. So, we have good concentration, we have great people, and like Tom said, we are near some jobs but we're really located where people want to live. So, I think we did a great job years ago buying these fields and that's what makes the difference between our portfolio and everybody else.
Dustin Pizzo - Banc of America: Okay, thanks, guys.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Dustin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Litt with Citi. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi it's Greg Miles [ph] here with John.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Greg, how are you doing?
Unidentified Analyst: Pretty good.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Glad to hear it.
Unidentified Analyst: I've got a question on the debt you are looking to repay in the deal the $500 million to $600 million, on what type of rate do you expect that to be take on at?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well you have $200 million of bonds that are coming due in March that are about 4.5%. You have our line of credit which currently is about at 4%. And then we have a couple of other pieces of debt that are at considerably higher rates in the fixes that don't add up to huge numbers but probably $100 million of debt that will be in those fixes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And in terms of the cap rates on the deals you are currently looking at, or the ones you are under contract, how are they shaping up?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: The ones we have in our current contract today are average of five-five cap, and we are looking in West Coast from Southern California, Seattle, concentrate on Metro DC. Those cap rates were in the 5s, probably low 5s in those markets. Southern California, as Tom mentioned, is going to be sub-5, and we see, we have one opportunity we are looking at in the North Dallas market, it will be EDS corridor, very and that's high-end multiuse project, and that's about a 5A capital network, so that's the range we are looking at.
Unidentified Analyst: And Tom you mentioned that the... on the DRA assets, those assets you think would be at the similar price to 9 or 12 months ago, but on these assets you are looking to acquire, have you seen any movement in pricing over the last 9 or 12 months that made you say this is the time to buy rather than either buyback more stock or pay a special dividend?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I mean, I think, we have seen some movement in cap ratio. Now, these are new asset, in-field locations, there is still competition for these, but I think it's 20 to 25 basis point improvement is there today, we will just see how that plays out as we go forward but there is not a rapid increase in cap rate, certainly in California, they still remain low. A slight improvement in the DC market, and the rest of the West Coast is still pretty competitive.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think, Greg, I'd also add that a lot of the acquisitions we are looking at... in fact, all of them are 1031s.
Unidentified Analyst: Right.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, anyway the drive behind that is not... and we're holding to our discipline, it's not just to go out and say lock up a bunch of assets, it's really to be focused around whether our investments wants to be in a follow through on that. And so we've known this transaction has been in the works, and frankly for six months have been shopping which has been entertaining, because there is very few people in the market. And feel like we've negotiated pretty strong pricing on assets, but we've found good values. And we think this announcement strengthens that. I think the only asset that we would say, that are probably mis-priced in the market today are probably assets and lease ups, and while they might be short-term and dilutive, the reason they're mis-priced is because Fannie and Freddie won't lend on a lease-up. And so those assets probably represent the best value buys and we'll keep hammering away and looking for that type of opportunity.
Unidentified Analyst: What type of financing would Fannie and Freddie give on lower cap rate assets, which is a 5-5 cap rate, would it be lower to some of the cash flow from the assets compared to the ?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know what's interesting is Fannie generally is not an asset quality driver, what they are is a coverage cash flow driver of their lending practices. And they are kind of a gradient lender in terms of you could borrow 60% or up to 80% and you are going to pay at different points on that curve and different charges. But we think, for example, and we will let DRA speak for themselves, but we think they hit at the right time and that was one of the things for us was the treasury market went weak there for four days. We accelerated the pressure on the bidders and said you guys need to all come up because this is not going to last. And so we think they got it done under 5, at 80% loan to value or 80% loan to purchase price for six year, that's a descent piece of paper. Where would that be today? Probably more at 5.25 or better. So, as long as Fannie is lending at those levels, those rates. And I think all this talk about cap rates is just certainly a bad number. The fact is we demonstrated a transaction and it was financed, and there is a lot more of these to come, not from us but in the marketplace.
Unidentified Analyst: No, our question is just on the NOI growth guidance, the 5 to 5.5. If you wouldn't have sold these assets, how would that have looks, can you give the sense of the difference in the NOI growth expectations for that what you're selling versus ?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would have saved a 100 basis points off of it, that I would have told you we probably be more at the 4 or 4.5 range on the NOI lines, that's probably my view. Jerry, you got
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: Let me get back here. I think the rent growth is a little lower.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Christine O'Connor with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Christine O'Connor - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks. Good morning. A question on the $200 million note receivables. Will the transaction had been feasible without you guys issuing that note, and how did you arrive at the 7.5% interest rates?
Unidentified Company Representative: The 7.5% was just the negotiated rate. The transaction certainly would have been feasible without the note, having the note was helpful to us in terms of the tax structuring and being able to manage the very large gain that Tom referred to earlier. One thing about the note is that it has re-coursed to a very substantial entity, as well as security in the partnership interest of all these properties. So, we feel that it is a very secure note. And as Tom mentioned earlier, we fully expect that be repaid in 14 months.
Christine O'Connor - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And on the $2 million of cost savings from the restructuring, should we expect that to appear in the G&A line or in the operating margin line?
Unidentified Company Representative: That's really G&A right there.
Christine O'Connor - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And last question on the same-store expense guidance for next year, 3% to 3.5%. It seems like the last few years you have been in the 1% to 2% range. So, just wondering what's driving the acceleration there?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: I can tell you a big part of it is... the past couple of years our insurance expense has been down just because we've had good experience. We are self insured and we haven't had that many claims and they haven't been that extensive. So, those are up a little. Our utilities, this past year, were virtually flat. Some of that was because of gas rates were down 3.5%, we expect gas is going to go up about 3% going forward. Personnel expense this year was slightly down. Again a lot of that is related to our healthcare and workers' compensation expense which is also self-insured and we had good experience. We are hopeful that it will happen again next year, but we can't count on it. So, where it was flat last year to slightly down, we are budgeting for personnel to be up 3.5% to 4% in 2008. And our admin and marketing in 2007 was down about 7.5%, we think in 2008 the decline is going to be more moderate, we... over the last two to three years have been getting out of print publications and we are virtually out of all of those. So it's hard to keep cutting.
Christine O'Connor - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mark Biffert with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Mark.
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs: How are you?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Great.
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs: Good. In relations to the joint venture that you guys have, you still have another $300 million on that, and when you look at your acquisitions over say the next six months as you try to reinvest the proceeds. I mean, how do you decide whether it goes into ?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: The joint venture has a first look opportunity in any properties that are in Texas. Outside of the state of Texas, we can show them things, I think in the short-term while we were trying to get these 1031s covered, we probably will not show them that many things outside of Texas. But certainly anything in Texas will get first look at. You got another question Mark?
Operator: We are going to move on. Our next question comes from Rich Anderson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thanks, and good morning, congratulation to you.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Rich.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: I guess we sort of screwed this up a little bit in our note, but I mean, when you talk about NAD creation and sort of the cap rate calculation and you know backing back in management fees, CapEx and all that, looking at an apples-to-apples type of cap rate on this transaction. Can you quantify or take a stab at what type of NAD creation you think this transaction in and of itself does day one before you sort of consider the growth potential the remaining portfolio?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Rich, I mean, it's hard to say that the transaction by itself creates NAD, I mean, we sold them at a market price. I think where the NAD creation really comes in is the opportunity to buy the shares back at where we perceive to be a significant discount to NAD.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So, but I mean when you look at the sort of on an apples-to-apples cap rate, would you say it's in line with your implied... where your stock is trading on an apples-to-apples basis?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: No way. I mean, if we do an internal NAD calculation, and we don't discuss our number with people, and we are not going to that here, but if you look at the implied cap rate at last nights closing price based on our NAV model for the stabilized portfolio, it's north of a 7% using the same methodology of taking the $650 door out and taking the 2.75% management fees. So, for the whole Company we are north of a 7% at the stock price today. We sold what is sort of the bottom tier of the assets for 6.56%. I mean I think it is, as us said in your note, the math works.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: And the market realizing that we're shopping the market hard, in these targeted markets that we now have our Company concentrated in, and Hugh and Harris [ph] mentioned a whole hell a lot about fixed caps or any debit, it's a low, it's between a 4.5 and 5 kind of cap rate for this portfolio on a go forward basis.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. In terms of use of proceeds, it looks like maybe you have like $500 million after the acquisitions and the debt pay down, and most of 500 that you have deal with and maybe you'll buyback stock you'll acquire more or you'll have a special dividend. It's interesting to me that $500 million divided by $22 a share is 22 million shares which is the amount of buyback opportunity you now have. Is that a coincidence and the question is --
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Rick, you are good.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: The question is how much of that buyback can you actually do and sort of in a comfort level from a leverage standpoint.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well this transaction provides us the opportunity to do a lot of buybacks that we choose to. Now, will we go out and do $500 million of buybacks. If the stock goes to $18, we might, but I don't know that we would do that level certainly quickly but it does, we would have the capacity to do that.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, so a special dividend to the extent you do it probably something in the $200 million to $250 million range something like that?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that would be... I am doing the math of the top of my head here, but that will be the high side.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. You mentioned, Mark, I think, about the auction process, can you just sort of characterize how big of a process it was beyond DRA and their partner, how many other players were involved in this process?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Well I am going to let Tom could probably weigh on this too, but we started with a select group of over a dozen players, probably close to 15, as I recall. And they all look at the portfolio then we narrowed that group down to about half a dozen, and then in the last 30 days, I think, probably would say about four emerged strong players, and then got it down to two. And so the auction was really run from that four down to two. And then as the... I think we anticipate this probably taking little longer, probably another 20-25 days out, but when the debt markets started moving favorably, we accelerated the auction process and add several one to the really step up and see what they can do. Tom, can add to that.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Rich, here is some color that I think would help some people. First, I mean, Mark got it right in terms of number of players, but let's talk about competition. In the final four, we are down to two foreign capital and one pension fund advisor and one levered buyer. We really tried to create a marketplace for this transaction. So, what we did five months ago with Fannie's help is we started underwriting each individual asset with them on what would be their loan and getting in and in fact funding the dollars to have them do the physical survey, the title work, so that we would present to this auction group a pre-packaged, here's your loan, here's your pricing grid, with Fannie. And in essence put them on equal footing, because they had locked up all... they in essence knew where they could get their financing. And in today's market you talk about people buying and selling without the financing, no deals are going to get done. So we took that approach, it came down to four. At the end, I would tell you we had pricing power. We were running up against each other, and then we picked the group that we thought A) highest degree of certainty, good price and we went for that and feel good about the process. Certainly we used Marty Chico and his team and felt that Marty helped us keep it quite as long as we could and effectively was a good conduit of communication. And I am proud of the process. I thought it worked very well for us and I am grateful for Fannie and its patience in helping this transaction.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then just a last question on the internal growth prospects for 2008 with this new portfolio 5% plus. I'm just curious is that sort of a number that I mean, is that what you see now, or is that sort of maybe not haircut or sandbag or anything like that, but sort of taking into account some sort of what could happen in terms of a recession, I'm asking because your peer Essex, who is almost entirely California is in that same range. And so I was just wondering if you can reconcile your thought process for internal growth for 2008?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know Keith and I haven't gotten together and compare notes by assets, so I can't really speak to his guidance. What I can tell you is that year-in and year-out, I look back at our guidance range on operations and then I look at how Jerry or the operating team has delivered it. And I recall last year people looked at it and said you gave 6 to 8 and we ended up at 7.2. I am very comfortable with this team, it knows how to run its real estate and is comfortable enough not to sand bag me but push and get the results. So I think that's it. Providing the markets, you can certainly see that everyone would say Portland, Seattle, and San Francisco are going to be north at 10. And I think they would all agree. I think the disparity will probably be Southern California where we've discussed in detail where we think we have a better located portfolio. And I think the surprises next year are going to be Dallas. Texas is going to be a strong market next year or this year, excuse me. The negatives, I think we are all anticipating Orlando and Tampa to be negative this next year. So, if we were to take out the bottom 20% which would be the Orlando, Tampa the Florida exposure you'd probably find us another 100 basis points up from this.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Got it.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think that's optimist. I think it's a realist built up from the bottom up and the assumptions utilized. And I think we got one month already in the year, we're doing better than our budget already.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: And you have that Florida, Tennessee, and Arizona markets like that because with a longer term perspective, you know that the short-term may be doesn't look so great.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: That, as well as we looked at what the redevelopment potentials were for a number of our assets; its specific locations. It was a nice opportunity to just go through and handpick everything and say this is what we really think we can do something with in the future. And I can't stress that enough, it was a top, we looked at every asset in that vein. And we've really have a plan by asset for the next five years about how to bring out some value out of them. Anything you could add, Jerry.
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: I agree with your comments about those locations, you know in Phoenix, three, four years ago we owned 3,500 units there. We paired that portfolio down for last couple. We have three extremely well located assets right now.
Rich Anderson - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, sounds good. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Demler with UBS [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, I just wanted to get a little more clarification on those receivable. You said it was a 14-year expected payoff, is that a hard maturity?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's 14 months.
Unidentified Analyst: Outside 14 months.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: There is a hard maturity that is got to terming this would be underlying debt which has a six-year term. But there is incentives, and we have every reason to believe that when it becomes open to prepayment in 14 months it will get paid off.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then, you said there was an unsecured note?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: It was secured by a partnership interest in all the real estate here plus a guarantee.
Unidentified Analyst: So, you have direct title to the real-estate?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we don't have a direct title. We have a security interest and the partnership interest that owns all the real-estate.
Unidentified Analyst: And my follow-up is, in terms of sales transaction today versus 12 months ago, what if, if no receivable have been 12 months ago, it would have been bridge equity, it would have been mezzanine debt? I mean how would these deals have been financed?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: This note receivable is really not comparable in a lot of ways to what you would typically think of as a mezz note because of the recourse aspect. I mean, you have a fun with a 1.2 billion of equity that is fully liable for the note. And we think we would be comfortable within a totally unsecured, if we had narrowed that way but we have sort of the security interest is grading [ph]. So you know a typical mezzanine note is not non-recourse, so it's very hard to compare.
Unidentified Analyst: The only reason I asked is just, it's the first time we have seen a note receivable as part of a transaction proceeds in quite some time.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Michael, here is all the time, we used to live on these things. They wanted the tax strategy too, it's a capital. Mike and I and Mark looked down the road and say 200 million bucks coming in 14 months from now. We like our chances to redeploy that, and again it might be short-term earnings dilutive but in the long scheme of things 200 million bucks of firepower 14 months from now has got a lot of optionality for it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from David Bragg of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Hey good morning. Just back to that revenue growth guidance question again. Does that include an impact of the Yield Star, expected?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Not really. We would expect to get those earnings with our without Yield Star.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and Jerry what's your take on operation so far this year, specifically in Orange County and Central Florida?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: I can tell you so far this year, and you know with January kind of in the bag, we are performing at our budgeted plan, revenues in the 5% to 6% range. Central Florida it's struggling as you would expect with roughly flat revenue growth.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Okay and we know that you dropped a redevelopment project I believe in Tampa is that just indicative of how tough that market is?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: It was part of the 1.7 sale.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, and...
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: We would have drop it, right [ph].
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Sorry.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: It was a quick to drop them, we sold it.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, that's easy. Okay, and then just a last question for Mark, could you just touch on your lease ups right here in this environment and on your future developments in Southern California, what are your target yields?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: I think we've had the targeted yield in our supplement on Southern California it's a high-five range. What's going on lease up right now is the product we're delivering in Texas, first of all, and it's been very strong, I mean, we typically budget on lease ups, 20 homes a month in lease up and we are running at 30 down there. And we are meaningful formal rents, those look very strong. We have a presale in Orlando, traffic's good, activity's good, but concessions are higher than we projected two years ago. But we like that long-term asset and the replacement cost due to the impact piece, Orlando and those kind of things are going to be higher in features, so we are very comfortable with that property. But Texas looks very strong, our Southern California project, we turn the clubhouse open in the March-April timeframe, and we expect very good result there, in that submarket.
David Bragg - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Miller with JMG Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Miller - JMG Capital: Hi, I just wanted to get a pro forma combined, kind of, outstanding debt and your kind of average mine interest rate going forward, assuming the transaction closes?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: Well, if you look at the numbers, I don't have that pro forma interest rate going forward, but if you look the numbers I talked about earlier. I mean we are probably paying down debt that has an average coupon in the high 4s with the $500 million to $600 million that we are going to be paying off as part of this transaction. So, if you factor that into the debt numbers in our supplemental package you can get to that number. And we'll be paying down, as we indicated, $500 million to $600 million right away with the proceeds.
Jeff Miller - JMG Capital: Right, okay. So you can't give me that, also just the, parking out of 40% of your portfolio, you can't give me that update, of that number at this time? Not contemplating the $500 million to $600 million of debt pay down. Just trying to get an idea of what kind of portfolio you have now going forward, what kind of leverage you'll have?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: Okay, what kind of leverage, okay. There is a million different ways to look at leverage, but when we think about it, we generally think about debt relative to what we believe the private market value of the assets are, pre-transaction you are kind of in the mid-40s, post transaction you are right under 40% debt to private market value of the assets.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think you got a fixed charge is kind of how we also look at it on a pro forma basis, we are about 2-3 to 2-3-5, moreover 2.5.
Jeff Miller - JMG Capital: Something like that. That's great.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: One, clearly, we continue to be committed to maintaining the rating and believe that this transaction on the back side of it strengthens that rating. And you think having access to the London secured market when they come back will be important part of our strategy. So we are not throwing in the towel, we are not brunt by any measure.
Jeff Miller - JMG Capital: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question from Karin Ford with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. Are you guys out marketing anything in RE3 today?
Unidentified Company Representative: This is more interesting question. There are assets that we are not currently marketing today, we do have one asset that's development site in Southern California that we have talked to people about, but it's not formally listed. We will have certain assets in the development pipeline. And we expect once get stabilized, we will be approached about, and so I don't anticipate us widely, having to widely market those. As Tom said, usually we are approached by people offerings us a price, and then we see if we can create a small, quite auction on those assets, but nothing other than that one asset is being in a marketed place today, just to tell us where the market is.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Next question. Am I correct to assume that it sounds like your strategy on reinvestment of the proceeds is to minimize the special dividend piece, if necessary? And under what scenario will you guys be forced to pay the special dividend, what level of acquisitions?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Karen, as usual you asked a very insightful and thoughtful question, and is one matter that we will take up with our Board. As we said today, clearly in the case of what we identify as 1031s, we have got $500 million to $600 million as a target, that would covert $340 to $400 million of gain, that pulling the dividends forward we would cover another $200 million. And with the note, we defer a 100. So, all that being said is, and it's similar to Rich's number. On the outside, if we were to just to execute that plan you are looking at $200 million of uncovered gain. We would like to be thoughtful about what we buy, and we see that as the outside number, we will keep shopping it. As you know 1031 windows, you've got 45 days to identify and you've got 180 to close. So, we are not going have a definitive number for sometime. Our strategy is not to try to focus on minimizing it, it is try to focus on the strategic advantage and opportunities in the market. And if we are not able to adequately deploy the money in a prudent, thoughtful way then special dividend is irrelevant and important thing to recognize that discipline. We are just not, at this point, comfortable with that range, and we like some time to execute. And we will tell you exactly how we are coming out, to give you updates first when this transaction closes about where we stand. So, we will be back on this call about a month from now and tell you about the transaction closing, and where we stand there. So, I would think that's all I could really tell you right now, but again I think it's a very thoughtful question.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. Final question, do you care to estimate what the impact this transaction is going to have on your payout ratio?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: So first, we started out with one of the lowest payout ratios in the industry, and that gives us comfort being able to make the statement that we see no scenario in which we would cut the current dividend. And exactly where we come out, we are not going to drive it down to 100% or anything like that. We think you should have prudent coverage. Where that ultimately comes out is again a matter that we will take up with our Board, and be able to give more clarity on in the near future.
Unidentified Company Representative: One other note on that, Karen, is that the portfolio that was sold, to reiterate, had a much higher percentage of capital expenditures. So, when you look at the impact on AFFO it will be much less significant than it will be on any potential impact on FFO.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Just to give you the back of the envelope numbers there, because I think if you look at $650 a door and 65,000 doors, into a 125 million share count, you're about $0.29 charge. We currently look at basically the future and say you got 40,000 doors, 44,000 doors at $650 on a different share count that's $0.20 a share. So you are picking up $0.09 in AFFO coverage. And to also emphasize I think one of the question probably haven't covered is, the CapEx on this portfolio that we are selling last year ran over $1,100 a door. So, it was disproportionate in terms of what we were spending on it to the remaining portfolio. We are comfortable at $650 going forward, primarily because you look at the age of the portfolio it's now down to 15 years. And probably we will continue to get a little bit younger as Mark's development pipeline and our redevelopment pipeline get executed. So I think we are maintaining a good discipline in that area, in fact have completed five-year capital plans for all of the assets and feel comfortable with that level. So, you should be able to pickup $0.09 in the AFFO fall in our opinion which when you run that through your models you are going to see that dividend coverage is probably pretty adequate.
Karin Ford - KeyBanc Capital Markets: It's very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question is a follow-up from the line of Mark Biffert. Please go ahead.
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, sorry about that.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, you are back.
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs: Yes, page 5, in the supplement there... I guess not the supplement but the release that you went through.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: To our point, yes.
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs: Yes, you guys talked about your potential increase in NAV and you kind of give a sensitivity analysis there. And then when you look at your target returns as you go up on your sensitivity analysis. I mean it really cramps your spread there, and I am just wondering how do you look at development, when does it become unattractive given the risk premium that you should, most developers put on to development?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I think we talked about this rule of thumb in the past, and of course they have never hard to pass, still deal-by-deal submarket-by-submarket. But you like to see, if you are looking at specific market, 150 basis points going in premium for the risk factor. And I think that's pretty well how everyone looks at that. And one thing about development further we're able to deliver is known products in a mix we want, the design we want, the quality we want, in the long-term durability of the product and that's a factor in there too. There is some risk on the acquisition side when you buy an asset and you do all your due-diligence, everyone knows and there is some risk in setting those budgets too and what you thought that you'll... we pay good results there but there is also that you weigh in all those risk factors. So I think it's generally, it's 150 basis points what's your submarket, what's your long-term growth in some of those markets? Obviously, some markets like Southern California and DC, tighter yields because of the rate growth, and the land itself cannot be replaced, and that land inflates in value and that drives some of those spreads higher.
Mark Biffert - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That was my only question, everything else was answered. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question comes from Alex Goldfarb with UBS. Please go ahead.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Just a quick question on the portfolio repositioning. Are you guys now complete with repositioning the portfolio? And also is there any further changes in corporate restructuring like relocating the offices or are both of those items complete now?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: With respect our restructuring, I believe we are done. We really have taken our time, took six months really looking at it, and said this is the best way to run our enterprise in the future where we want to go. In terms of asset sales in the future, we will certainly not be out marketing assets, but if we get an offer that an out of body experience, I am always glad to hit that, but we probably won't be marketing assets for some time. We think we're very comfortable with this portfolio and its prospects, but that's... you won't always be disciplined in this area, and if there is a chance to cash in on value, we would gladly take it as well.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And with regards to special dividend, have you given a thought whether it could be a stock special or cash special?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: We are considering that. I would not say we made any decisions. As Tom said, we need to talk to the Board. I want to understand better the option of doing the stock dividend and the impact of that. So, it's not out of the question, but it's certainly not given that we would do a stock component to it.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then my final question just relates to Fannie and Freddie. Certainly they have gotten a lot of attention as lenders for multi-family these days and given that spreads from other lenders are higher, do you see any chance that Fannie or Freddie may start to take advantage of their position in the market and increase the rates that they are charging for lending?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: Well, they have already increased their spread a lot. I think the great rates we are seeing is really because of the treasuries dropping, but their spreads are probably 175-ish. I mean, they are... so they have already widened out quite a bit. I don't know whether they will widen more. I think they take their mandate to provide financing and liquidity for housing pretty seriously. So I doubt they would ever be in a position where they are trying to squeeze the last nickel out of the market.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS Securities LLC: So, with like other lenders like life companies et cetera charging more like 300 over from what I hear, do you think that those lenders will come down or you think that they will just be that big 100 basis point plus gap between borrowers?
W. Mark Wallis - Senior Executive Vice President: There has always been a huge gap between Fannie and Freddie and the other sources of financing out there. I mean, they are... Fannie and Freddie are very tough to compete with for the right kind of product. I think there are certain things, as Tom alluded to earlier, lease ups and maybe the very high end of the market where they are less competitive, where the portfolio lenders and CMBS guys can play more. But for the sort of mainstream kind of stuff that we do and then most of our peers do, there is nobody that we can really compete with them.
Alexander Goldfarb - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paula Poskon with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Thank you. Just one question. Could you characterize the assets that you are seeking to acquire and particularly the ones already under contract in terms of they are being either fully positioned in their markets, redevelopment opportunities, lease up opportunities, et cetera?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the ones we currently have, we have two really newer products, one is three years old, the other is two years old and this would be structured parking, four-storey kind of product. We have one product that's high-rise that could either do... we could either do a moderate renovation on or looking at maybe doing... there is actually three towers. We might do one tower a little bit more extensive renovation in the future. So... and the other product that we are also looking at is generally product that's similar in-fill with a structured parking four-storey kind of product. And we are looking at some of that in the California markets. So the answer to your question is generally newer product, in-fill locations, and what we call the Texas rapid rise.
Paula Poskon - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Thanks very much.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Salinsky with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. More quickly, could you provide us with an update on your condo business? I noticed the page there, the supplemental is not there this quarter?
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: This is Toomey. It has just become an insignificant part of the enterprise and certainly at this point we have got three communities, one in Tampa, one in Arizona, and one in Southern California. And what we are seeing is good interest in Arizona and Southern California, Tampa is a little slow right now. What you have to realize is all three of those were operating apartments that we've leased the apartments and then what we do is we pull off ten a month and if we sell them, then we pull off another 10. But it's really an insignificant part of the enterprise on go forward basis on a go-forward basis, and I think that's prudent capital and time management on our part.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that's fair. And then real quickly on your outlook for '08, you provided kind of acquisitions and dispositions there. Could you talk about your plans on the development front in terms of spending?
Jerry A. Davis - Senior Vice President, Property Operations: -- spending, well, you've got $400 million coming up out of the ground on an annual basis. That's pretty much the number I would put in there, is $400 million and then on the redevelopment I would putting another $75 million on that front.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think those are good gross numbers. I think on the development side there is probably 100 or so of that that will end up being funded through venture partners. So the actual dollars out to us will be a little bit less than that.
Michael Salinsky - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks guys.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And management, there are no further questions. I will turn it back to you for closing comments.
Thomas W. Toomey - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, operator and all of you for certainly your time today. I know it's a big day in the market, with seeing where the feds go. What I can tell you is that I am very excited. The entire team is excited about where we're headed. I mean, this is a great portfolio. This is a company that has financial flexibility and it has the skills to use that financial flexibility in terms of development, redevelopment, acquisitions. So I think you're getting the best of everything you can get in this marketplace with UDR. An experienced team with the financial fire power, the opportunities identified and stuff that we know how to do. And I think this transaction is a combination of really seven years of effort in putting this portfolio and this company in the right place with the right value creators and the right team. And with that I'd say I am grateful for this teams that were operating the assets that are sold. We are not across the goal line, I'm grateful for their efforts and for everyone else that was dealing with the organizational restructure, as well their sale. It's been a very, very busy period of time, but I think what we feel is very positive about where we're headed and we're relieved to get this done. And with that there is lot more to communicate as we go forward. I think you'll find us, as always, very forthright in what we see, what we're trying to and why. And with that, I always encourage you to just pick up the phone or call us and we can only help you make a better decision. We're excited about it, and again thank you for you time today and all of you, good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's teleconference. We do thank you again for your participation, and at this time you may disconnect.
